







































8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 1/233

DEFM14A 1 d355698ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 
Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12

CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

 

    
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i) (4) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on
which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 2/233

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting
fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its
filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 3/233

Table of Contents

   

MERGER PROPOSED – YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Shareholder:

On August 17, 2016, United Bankshares, Inc. and Cardinal Financial Corporation announced a strategic business combination in
which Cardinal will merge with and into UBV Holding Company, LLC, a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares. The combined
company, which will retain the United name, will have approximately $19 billion in assets and operate approximately 144 branches across
the District of Columbia and the contiguous states of Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, Ohio and West Virginia. United Bankshares and
Cardinal are sending you this prospectus and joint proxy statement to invite you to attend a special meeting of shareholders being held by
each company to allow you to vote on the merger.

If the merger is completed, holders of Cardinal common stock will receive 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock in
exchange for each share of Cardinal common stock held immediately prior to the merger, subject to the payment of cash in lieu of
fractional shares. Upon completion of the merger, United Bankshares shareholders are expected to own approximately 76% of the
combined company and former Cardinal shareholders are expected to own approximately 24% of the combined company. The number of
shares of United Bankshares common stock that Cardinal shareholders will receive in the merger for each share of Cardinal
common stock is fixed. The implied value of the consideration Cardinal shareholders will receive in the merger will change
depending on changes in the market price of United Bankshares common stock and will not be known at the time you vote on the
merger.

Based on the closing price of United Bankshares common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, or Nasdaq (trading symbol
“UBSI”), on August 17, 2016, the last trading day before public announcement of the merger, the 0.71 exchange ratio represented
approximately $27.63 in value for each share of Cardinal common stock. Based on United Bankshares’ closing price on February 9, 2017
of $43.55, the 0.71 exchange ratio represented approximately $30.92 in value for each share of Cardinal common stock. Based on the 0.71
exchange ratio and the number of shares of Cardinal common stock outstanding and reserved for issuance under various plans and
agreements and in connection with various convertible securities as of February 9, 2017, the maximum number of shares of United
Bankshares common stock issuable in the merger is expected to be 23,834,508.

If the average closing price of United Bankshares common stock declines by more than 20% from $38.91 and underperforms an
index of banking companies by more than 15% over a designated measurement period, then Cardinal may terminate the merger agreement
unless United Bankshares agrees to increase the number of shares to be issued to the holders of Cardinal common stock.

The common stock of United Bankshares and Cardinal are listed on Nasdaq. United Bankshares and Cardinal urge you to
obtain current market quotations for United Bankshares (trading symbol “UBSI”) and Cardinal (trading symbol “CFNL”).

The merger is intended to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986,
as amended, and holders of Cardinal common stock are not expected to recognize any gain or loss for United States federal income tax
purposes on the exchange of shares of Cardinal common stock for shares of United Bankshares common stock in the merger, except with
respect to any cash received in lieu of fractional shares of United Bankshares common stock.

At the special meeting of United Bankshares shareholders to be held on April 7, 2017, United Bankshares shareholders will be asked
to vote to (1) approve the merger agreement, (2) approve an amendment to the articles of incorporation of United Bankshares to increase
the number of authorized shares of United Bankshares common stock, (3) approve the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares
common stock in connection with the merger, and (4) approve the adjournment, postponement or continuance of the special meeting, if
necessary, in order to further solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the
merger agreement, the amendment to the articles of incorporation of United Bankshares and the issuance of shares of United Bankshares
common stock. Approval of the merger agreement, the amendment to



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 4/233

Table of Contents

the articles of incorporation of United Bankshares and the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter assuming that a quorum is present. United Bankshares shareholders must
approve the merger agreement, the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock and the amendment to its articles of
incorporation in order for the merger to occur.

At the special meeting of Cardinal shareholders to be held on April 7, 2017, holders of Cardinal common stock will be asked to vote
to (1) approve the merger agreement, (2) approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may become payable to
Cardinal’s named executive officers in connection with the merger, and (3) approve the adjournment, postponement or continuance of the
special meeting, if necessary, in order to further solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting
to approve the merger agreement. Approval of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that United Bankshares common shareholders vote
“FOR” the approval of the merger agreement, “FOR” the amendment to the articles of incorporation of United Bankshares,
“FOR” the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock and “FOR” the approval of the adjournment,
postponement or continuance of the special meeting, if necessary, in order to further solicit additional proxies if there are not
sufficient votes to approve the merger agreement, the amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation and the
issuance of the United Bankshares common stock.

The Cardinal board of directors unanimously recommends that Cardinal common shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of
the merger agreement, “FOR” the approval, in a non-binding advisory vote, of certain compensation that may become payable to
Cardinal’s named executive officers in connection with the merger, and “FOR” the approval of the adjournment, postponement or
continuance of the special meeting, if necessary, in order to further solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes to
approve the merger agreement.

This document describes the special meetings, the merger, the documents related to the merger and other related matters.
Please carefully read this entire document, including “Risk Factors” beginning on page 20 for a discussion of the risks relating to
the proposed merger and owning United Bankshares common stock after the merger. You also can obtain information about
United Bankshares and Cardinal from documents that each has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
 

  
Richard M. Adams
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
United Bankshares, Inc.   

Bernard H. Clineburg
Executive Chairman
Cardinal Financial Corporation

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission or bank regulatory agency has
approved or disapproved the United Bankshares common stock to be issued under this document or passed upon the adequacy or
accuracy of this document. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The securities to be issued in the merger are not savings and deposit accounts and are not insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, or any other governmental agency.

The date of this document is February 13, 2017, and it is first being mailed or otherwise delivered to United Bankshares shareholders
and Cardinal shareholders on or about February 16, 2017.



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 5/233

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 2017

On Friday, April 7, 2017, Cardinal Financial Corporation, or Cardinal, will hold a Special Meeting of Shareholders at 10:30 a.m.,
local time, at:

Hilton McLean Tysons Corner
7920 Jones Branch Drive
McLean, Virginia 22102

to consider and vote upon the following matters:
 

 
(1) a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of August 17, 2016, by and among United

Bankshares, Inc., its subsidiary UBV Holding Company, LLC and Cardinal, and related plan of merger, as each may be
amended from time to time, or the merger agreement;

 

 
(2) a proposal to approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may become payable to Cardinal’s named

executive officers in connection with the merger; and
 

 
(3) a proposal to approve the adjournment, postponement or continuance of the special meeting on one or more occasions, if

necessary or appropriate, in order to further solicit additional proxies, in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time
of the special meeting to approve the merger agreement.

The Cardinal board of directors has fixed the close of business on February 1, 2017, as the record date for the special meeting. Only
Cardinal shareholders of record at that time are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting, or any adjournment, postponement
or continuance of the special meeting. Approval of the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible. If you are a shareholder of record,
you may vote your shares by submitting your proxy card by mail, by accessing the Internet site listed on the Cardinal proxy card, or by
voting telephonically using the phone number listed on the Cardinal proxy card. To submit your proxy by mail, please complete, sign, date
and return the accompanying proxy card in the enclosed self-addressed, stamped envelope. This will not prevent you from voting in
person, but it will help to secure a quorum and avoid added solicitation costs. Any holder of record of Cardinal common stock who is
present at the special meeting may vote in person instead of by proxy, thereby canceling any previous proxy. In any event, a proxy may be
revoked at any time before the special meeting in the manner described in the accompanying document.

If you beneficially hold your shares through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, please vote your shares as soon as
possible by following the voting instructions you receive from such holder of record.

The Cardinal board of directors has unanimously adopted and approved the merger and the merger agreement and recommends that
Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” the proposals set forth herein.
 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

 

Bernard H. Clineburg
Executive Chairman

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES PROMPTLY, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU PLAN
TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING.



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 6/233

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON FRIDAY, APRIL 7, 2017

On Friday, April 7, 2017, United Bankshares, Inc., or United Bankshares, by call of its Secretary, will hold a Special Meeting of
Shareholders at 11:00 a.m., local time, at:

United Square
Fifth and Avery Streets, 10th Floor
Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101

to consider and vote upon the following matters:
 

 
(1) a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of August 17, 2016, by and among United

Bankshares, its subsidiary UBV Holding Company, LLC and Cardinal Financial Corporation, or Cardinal, and related plan of
merger, as each may be amended from time to time, or the merger agreement;

 

 
(2) a proposal to approve an amendment to the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of United Bankshares, or the United

Bankshares articles of incorporation, to increase the number of authorized shares of United Bankshares common stock from
100,000,000 to 200,000,000 shares of common stock with the par value of Two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($2.50) per share;

 

 
(3) a proposal to approve the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock to Cardinal shareholders pursuant to the

merger agreement; and
 

 

(4) a proposal to approve the adjournment, postponement or continuance of the special meeting on one or more occasions, if
necessary or appropriate, in order to further solicit additional proxies, in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time
of the special meeting to approve the merger agreement, the amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation and
the issuance of shares of United Bankshares common stock.

It is a condition to the parties’ obligation to proceed with the merger that United Bankshares shareholders approve the proposal to
amend the United Bankshares articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of United Bankshares common stock
from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000. In the absence of that approval, United Bankshares will not have a sufficient number of authorized
shares of common stock to consummate the merger, and as a result, the merger will not be completed.

The United Bankshares board of directors has fixed the close of business on February 1, 2017, as the record date for the special
meeting. Only United Bankshares shareholders of record at that time are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting, or any
adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. Approval of the merger agreement, approval of the amendment to the United
Bankshares articles of incorporation and issuance of United Bankshares common stock in accordance with the merger agreement requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter, assuming that a quorum is present.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please vote your shares as soon as possible. If you are a shareholder of record,
you may vote your shares by submitting your proxy card by mail, by accessing the Internet site listed on the United Bankshares proxy
card, or by voting telephonically using the phone number listed on the United Bankshares proxy card. To submit your proxy by mail,
please complete, sign, date and return the accompanying proxy card in the enclosed self-addressed, stamped envelope. This will not
prevent you from voting in person, but it will help to secure a quorum and avoid added solicitation costs. Any holder of record of United
Bankshares common stock who is present at the special meeting may vote in person instead of by proxy,



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 7/233

Table of Contents

thereby canceling any previous proxy. In any event, a proxy may be revoked in writing at any time before the special meeting in the
manner described in the accompanying document.

If you beneficially hold your shares through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, please vote your shares as soon as
possible by following the voting instructions you receive from such holder of record.

United Bankshares has concluded that shareholders of record of United Bankshares common stock do not have the right to exercise
appraisal rights under the West Virginia Business Corporation Act with respect to the merger, the issuance of United Bankshares common
stock in connection with the merger or the amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation.

The United Bankshares board of directors has unanimously adopted and approved the merger, the merger agreement and the
amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation and recommends that United Bankshares shareholders vote “FOR” the
proposals set forth herein.
 

By Order of the Board of Directors

Richard M. Adams
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief

Executive Officer

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT. PLEASE VOTE YOUR SHARES PROMPTLY, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER YOU PLAN
TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING.



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 8/233

Table of Contents

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This document incorporates by reference important business and financial information about United Bankshares and
Cardinal from documents that are not included in or delivered with this document.

You can obtain documents incorporated by reference in this document free of charge through the Securities and Exchange
Commission website (http://www.sec.gov) or by requesting them in writing or by telephone from United Bankshares or Cardinal at
the following addresses:
 

United Bankshares, Inc.
514 Market Street

Parkersburg, West Virginia 26102
Attention: Jennie Singer

Telephone: (304) 424-8800   

Cardinal Financial Corporation
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500

McLean, Virginia 22102
Attention: Jennifer L. Deacon

Telephone: (703) 584-3400

Georgeson LLC
1290 Avenue of the Americas

9th Floor
New York, New York 10104
Telephone: (800) 509-0984   

InvestorCom, Inc.
65 Locust Avenue, Suite 302

New Canaan, Connecticut 06840
Telephone: (877) 972-0090

You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. United Bankshares shareholders requesting documents should
do so by Thursday, March 30, 2017, in order to receive them before their special meeting. Cardinal shareholders requesting documents
should do so by Thursday, March 30, 2017, in order to receive them before their special meeting.

You should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference into this document. No one has been authorized to
provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this document. This document is
dated February 13, 2017, and you should assume that the information in this document is accurate only as of such date. You should assume
that the information incorporated by reference into this document is accurate as of the date of such document. Neither the mailing of this
document to Cardinal shareholders or United Bankshares shareholders nor the issuance by United Bankshares of shares of United
Bankshares common stock in connection with the merger will create any implication to the contrary.

Information on the websites of United Bankshares or Cardinal, or any subsidiary of United Bankshares or Cardinal, is not part of this
document. You should not rely on that information in deciding how to vote.

This document does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or the solicitation of a
proxy, in any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.
Except where the context otherwise indicates, information contained in this document regarding Cardinal has been provided by
Cardinal and information contained in this document regarding United Bankshares has been provided by United Bankshares.

See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141.



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 9/233

Table of Contents

   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    1 
SUMMARY    8 
RISK FACTORS    20 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    28 
SUMMARY SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA    30 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    33 
PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDENDS    42 
COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA UNAUDITED SHARE DATA    44 
THE UNITED BANKSHARES SPECIAL MEETING    45 

Matters to be Considered    45 
Proxies    45 
Solicitation of Proxies    46 
Record Date    46 
Quorum and Voting Rights    46 
Attending the Special Meeting    47 

PROPOSALS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE UNITED BANKSHARES SPECIAL MEETING    48 
PROPOSAL NO. 1 APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT    48 

Required Vote    48 
Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors    48 

PROPOSAL NO. 2 APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION TO INCREASE THE
NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF COMMON STOCK    49 

Required Vote    50 
Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors    51 

PROPOSAL NO. 3 APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF UNITED BANKSHARES COMMON STOCK    52 
Required Vote    52 
Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors    52 

PROPOSAL NO. 4 APPROVAL OF THE ADJOURNMENT, POSTPONEMENT OR CONTINUANCE OF THE
SPECIAL MEETING, IF NECESSARY TO PERMIT FURTHER SOLICITATION OF PROXIES    53 

Required Vote    53 
Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors    53 

THE CARDINAL SPECIAL MEETING    54 
Matters to be Considered    54 
Proxies    54 
Solicitation of Proxies    55 
Record Date    55 
Quorum and Voting Rights    55 
Attending the Special Meeting    55 

PROPOSALS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE CARDINAL SPECIAL MEETING    57 
PROPOSAL NO. 1 APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT    57 

Required Vote    57 
Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors    57 

 
-i-



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 10/233

Table of Contents

   Page 
PROPOSAL NO. 2 ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) VOTE ON CERTAIN MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION

FOR CARDINAL NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS    58 
Required Vote    58 
Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors    58 

PROPOSAL NO. 3 APPROVAL OF THE ADJOURNMENT, POSTPONEMENT OR CONTINUANCE OF THE
SPECIAL MEETING, IF NECESSARY TO PERMIT FURTHER SOLICITATION OF PROXIES    59 

Required Vote    59 
Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors    59 

THE MERGER    60 
Background of the Merger    60 
Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors    64 
United Bankshares’ Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors    68 
Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor    70 
Opinion of United Bankshares’ Financial Advisor    81 
Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    94 
United Bankshares Capital Raise Through Issuance of Common Stock    96 
United Bankshares Board of Directors Following Completion of the Merger    96 
Public Trading Markets    96 
Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    96 
Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    97 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger    107 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    108 
Terms of the Merger    108 
Treatment of Cardinal Stock Options    108 
Restricted Stock    109 
Conditions of the Merger    109 
Representations and Warranties    110 
Waiver and Amendment    112 
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    112 
Acquisition Proposals    112 
Effective Time    113 
Regulatory Approvals    113 
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger    114 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    116 
Effect of Termination; Termination Fees    118 
Surrender of Stock Certificates    118 
No Fractional Shares    119 
Assumption of Cardinal Trust Preferred Securities    119 
Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    119 

 
-ii-



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 11/233

Table of Contents

   Page 
Accounting Treatment    119 
Management and Operations after the Merger    120 
Resales of United Bankshares Common Stock    120 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    120 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    121 
General    121 
The Merger    121 
Consequences to Cardinal and United Bankshares    122 
Consequences to Shareholders    122 
Backup Withholding and Reporting Requirements    122 

INFORMATION ABOUT UNITED BANKSHARES AND CARDINAL    124 
United Bankshares    124 
United Bank    124 
Cardinal    125 

DESCRIPTION OF UNITED BANKSHARES CAPITAL STOCK    126 
General    126 
Common Stock    127 
Preferred Stock    127 
Preemptive Rights    128 
Certain Provisions of the Bylaws    128 
Shares Eligible for Future Sale    128 

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS    129 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF UNITED

BANKSHARES    136 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF CARDINAL    138 
LEGAL MATTERS    140 
EXPERTS    140 
CARDINAL ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    140 
UNITED BANKSHARES ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    141 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    141 
APPENDICES   
APPENDIX A  – Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of August 17, 2016, by and among United Bankshares,

Inc., UBV Holding Company, LLC and Cardinal Financial Corporation   
APPENDIX B – Opinion of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.   
APPENDIX C – Opinion of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.   
APPENDIX D – Proposed Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of United Bankshares, Inc.   
 

-iii-



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 12/233

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following are answers to certain questions that you may have regarding the Cardinal special meeting, the United Bankshares
special meeting and the merger. United Bankshares and Cardinal urge you to read carefully the remainder of this document because the
information in this section may not provide all the information that might be important to you in determining how to vote, including the
risk factors beginning on page 20. Additional important information is also contained in the appendices to, and the documents
incorporated by reference in, this document.
 
Q: What are holders of Cardinal common stock being asked to vote on?
 
A: Holders of Cardinal common stock are being asked to vote to (i) approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization, dated as of

August 17, 2016, by and among United Bankshares, its subsidiary UBV Holding Company, LLC, and Cardinal, and related plan of
merger, or merger agreement, as each may be amended from time to time, or the Cardinal Merger Proposal, (ii) approve, in a non-
binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may become payable to Cardinal’s named executive officers in connection with the
merger, or the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and (iii) approve the adjournment, postponement or continuance of
the special meeting, on one or more occasions, if necessary or appropriate, in order to further solicit additional proxies, in the event
that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal or the Cardinal
Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: When and where is the Cardinal special meeting of shareholders?
 
A: The special meeting of Cardinal shareholders will be held at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner, 7920 Jones Branch Drive, McLean,

Virginia 22102 on Friday, April 7, 2017 at 10:30 a.m., local time.
 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the Cardinal special meeting?
 
A: The presence at the Cardinal special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the Cardinal common stock issued

and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a quorum is not present,
the Cardinal special meeting will be postponed until the holders of the number of shares of Cardinal common stock required to
constitute a quorum attend. If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you abstain from voting, your shares of Cardinal
common stock will be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the Cardinal special meeting. If additional
votes must be solicited to approve the merger agreement and the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal is approved, it is expected that the
Cardinal special meeting will be adjourned to solicit additional proxies.

 
Q: What are holders of United Bankshares common stock being asked to vote on?
 
A: Holders of United Bankshares common stock are being asked to vote to (i) approve the merger agreement as such agreement may be

amended from time to time, or the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, (ii) approve an amendment to the United Bankshares articles
of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of United Bankshares common stock from 100,000,000 to 200,000,000
shares of common stock with the par value of Two Dollars and Fifty Cents ($2.50) per share, or the United Bankshares Articles
Amendment Proposal, (iii) approve the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock to Cardinal shareholders pursuant
to the merger agreement, or the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal, and (iv) approve the adjournment, postponement or
continuance of the special meeting, on one or more occasions, if necessary or appropriate, in order to further solicit additional
proxies, in the event that there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the foregoing proposals, or the
United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

 
1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 13/233

Table of Contents

Q: When and where is the United Bankshares special meeting of shareholders?
 
A: The special meeting of United Bankshares shareholders will be held at United Square, Fifth and Avery Streets, 10th Floor,

Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101 on Friday, April 7, 2017 at 11:00 a.m., local time.
 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the United Bankshares special meeting?
 
A: The presence at the United Bankshares special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the United Bankshares

common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If a
quorum is not present, the United Bankshares special meeting will be postponed until the holders of the number of shares of United
Bankshares common stock required to constitute a quorum attend. If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you abstain
from voting, your shares of United Bankshares common stock will be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is
present at the United Bankshares special meeting. If additional votes must be solicited to approve the merger agreement and the
United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal is approved, it is expected that the United Bankshares special meeting will be adjourned to
solicit additional proxies.

 
Q: What do holders of Cardinal common stock need to do now?
 
A: After you have carefully read this document and have decided how you wish to vote your shares, please vote your shares as soon as

possible. If you are a shareholder of record, to vote by proxy card, indicate on your proxy card how you want your shares to be voted
with respect to each of the matters indicated. When complete, sign, date and mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid return
envelope as soon as possible. Alternatively, you may vote by telephone or through the Internet by following the voting instructions
found on your proxy card. If you beneficially hold your shares through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you should
follow the voting instructions you receive from that holder of record to vote your shares.

Submitting your proxy by Internet, telephone or mail or directing your bank or broker to vote your shares will ensure that your shares
are represented and voted at the Cardinal special meeting. If you would like to attend the Cardinal special meeting, see “The Cardinal
Special Meeting – Attending the Special Meeting” beginning on page 55.

 
Q: What do United Bankshares shareholders need to do now?
 
A: After you have carefully read this document and have decided how you wish to vote your shares, please vote your shares as soon as

possible. If you are a shareholder of record, to vote by proxy card, indicate on your proxy card how you want your shares to be voted
with respect to each of the matters indicated. When complete, sign, date and mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid return
envelope as soon as possible. Alternatively, you may vote by telephone or through the Internet by following the voting instructions
found on your proxy card. If you beneficially hold your shares through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you should
follow the voting instructions you receive from that holder of record to vote your shares.

Submitting your proxy by Internet, telephone or mail or directing your bank or broker to vote your shares will ensure that your shares
are represented and voted at the United Bankshares special meeting. If you would like to attend the United Bankshares special
meeting, see “The United Bankshares Special Meeting –Attending the Special Meeting” beginning on page 47.

 
Q: Who may solicit proxies on Cardinal’s behalf?
 
A: In addition to solicitation of proxies by Cardinal by mail, proxies may also be solicited by Cardinal’s directors and employees

personally, and by telephone, facsimile or other means. Cardinal has also made
 

2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 14/233

Table of Contents

 
arrangements with InvestorCom, Inc. to assist it in soliciting proxies. For more information on solicitation of proxies in connection
with the special meeting of Cardinal shareholders, see “The Cardinal Special Meeting – Solicitation of Proxies” beginning on page
55.

 
Q: Who may solicit proxies on United Bankshares’ behalf?
 
A: In addition to solicitation of proxies by United Bankshares by mail, proxies may also be solicited by United Bankshares’ directors

and employees personally, and by telephone, facsimile or other means. United Bankshares has also made arrangements with
Georgeson LLC, or Georgeson, to assist it in soliciting proxies. For more information on solicitation of proxies in connection with
the special meeting of United Bankshares shareholders, see “The United Bankshares Special Meeting – Solicitation of Proxies”
beginning on page 46.

 
Q: Why is my vote as a holder of Cardinal common stock important?
 
A: If you do not vote by proxy card, telephone or Internet or vote in person at the Cardinal special meeting, it will be more difficult for

Cardinal to obtain the necessary quorum to hold its special meeting. In addition, approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of the Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. The
Cardinal board of directors recommends that you vote to approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal. Further, due to the
importance of the vote to approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal, Cardinal is also seeking, through the Cardinal Adjournment
Proposal, authority from shareholders to adjourn the special meeting to temporarily delay the meeting to provide time for Cardinal to
solicit additional proxies in the event there are insufficient votes to approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal.

 
Q: Why is my vote as a United Bankshares shareholder important?
 
A: If you do not vote by proxy, telephone or Internet or vote in person at the United Bankshares special meeting, it will be more difficult

for United Bankshares to obtain the necessary quorum to hold its special meeting. In addition, approval of the United Bankshares
Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal requires
the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter. The United Bankshares board of directors recommends that you
vote to approve the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, to approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal
and to approve the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal. Further, due to the importance of the vote to approve the United
Bankshares Merger Proposal the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance
Proposal, United Bankshares is also seeking, through the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal, authority from shareholders to
adjourn the special meeting to temporarily delay the meeting to provide time for United Bankshares to solicit additional proxies in
the event there are insufficient votes to approve United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment
Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal.

 
Q: What would happen if the United Bankshares shareholders approved the United Bankshares Merger Proposal but did not

approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal?
 
A: It is a condition to the parties’ obligation to proceed with the merger that United Bankshares’ shareholders approve the United

Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal. In the absence of that approval, United Bankshares will not have a sufficient number of
authorized shares of common stock to consummate the merger.

 
3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 15/233

Table of Contents

Q: If my shares are held in street name by my broker, will my broker automatically vote my shares for me?
 
A: No. Your broker cannot vote your shares without instructions from you. You should instruct your broker as to how to vote your

shares, following the directions your broker provides to you. Please check the voting form used by your broker. Without instructions,
your shares will not be voted, which will have the effect described below.

 
Q: What if I abstain from voting or fail to instruct my broker or other holder of record how to vote?
 
A: If you are a holder of Cardinal common stock and you submit a proxy card in which you abstain from voting, the abstention will be

counted toward a quorum at the Cardinal special meeting, but it will have the same effect as a vote against the Cardinal Merger
Proposal. An abstention will have no effect on either the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal or the Cardinal
Adjournment Proposal.

If you are a holder of United Bankshares common stock and you submit a proxy card in which you abstain from voting, the
abstention will be counted toward a quorum at the United Bankshares special meeting, but it will have no effect on any of the four
proposals.

If your bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record holds your shares of United Bankshares or Cardinal common stock in “street
name,” for each proposal your bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record generally will vote such shares only if you provide
instructions on how to vote by filling out the voter instruction form sent to you by your broker, bank, nominee or other holder of
record with this prospectus and joint proxy statement. Your shares held in “street name” generally will not be voted on any proposal
with respect to which you do not provide voting instructions (referred to as broker non-votes). Broker non-votes will have the same
effect as a vote against the Cardinal Merger Proposal, but will have no effect on any other proposal at the Cardinal special meeting or
any proposal at the United Bankshares special meeting.

 
Q: Can I attend the Cardinal special meeting and vote my shares in person?
 
A: Yes. All holders of Cardinal common stock, including shareholders of record and shareholders who beneficially own their shares

through banks, brokers, nominees or any other holder of record, are invited to attend the Cardinal special meeting. Holders of record
of Cardinal common stock as of the record date can vote in person at the Cardinal special meeting. If you wish to vote in person at
the special meeting and if you are a shareholder of record, you should bring the enclosed proxy card and proof of identity. If you hold
your shares in street name, through your broker or beneficially own your shares through another holder of record, you will need to
bring with you and provide to the inspectors of election proof of identity and a letter from your bank, broker, nominee or other holder
of record confirming your beneficial ownership of common stock as of the record date (a “written proxy” from your holder of
record). At the appropriate time during the special meeting, the shareholders present will be asked whether anyone wishes to vote in
person. You should raise your hand at this time to receive a ballot to record your vote. Everyone who attends the special meeting
must abide by the rules for the conduct of the meeting distributed at the meeting.

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting, you are encouraged to vote your shares as soon as possible.
 
Q: Can I attend the United Bankshares special meeting and vote my shares in person?
 
A: Yes. All holders of United Bankshares common stock, including shareholders of record and shareholders who beneficially own their

shares through banks, brokers, nominees or any other holder of record, are invited to attend the United Bankshares special meeting.
Holders of record of United Bankshares common stock as of the record date can vote in person at the United Bankshares special
meeting. If you wish to vote in person at the special meeting and if you are a shareholder of record, you should bring the enclosed
proxy

 
4



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 16/233

Table of Contents

 

card and proof of identity. If you hold your shares in street name, through your broker or beneficially own your shares through
another holder of record, you will need to bring with you and provide to the inspectors of election proof of identity and a letter from
your bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record confirming your beneficial ownership of common stock as of the record date (a
“written proxy” from your holder of record). At the appropriate time during the special meeting, the shareholders present will be
asked whether anyone wishes to vote in person. You should raise your hand at this time to receive a ballot to record your vote.
Everyone who attends the special meeting must abide by the rules for the conduct of the meeting distributed at the meeting.

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting, you are encouraged to vote your shares as soon as possible.
 
Q: Will Cardinal be required to submit the Cardinal Merger Proposal to its shareholders even if the Cardinal board of directors

has withdrawn or modified its recommendation?
 
A: Yes. Unless the merger agreement is terminated before the Cardinal special meeting, Cardinal is required to submit the Cardinal

Merger Proposal to its shareholders even if the Cardinal board of directors has withdrawn or modified its recommendation, consistent
with the terms of the merger agreement.

 
Q: Will United Bankshares be required to submit the United Bankshares Merger Proposal to its shareholders even if the United

Bankshares board of directors has withdrawn or modified its recommendation?
 
A: Yes. Unless the merger agreement is terminated before the United Bankshares special meeting, United Bankshares is required to

submit the United Bankshares Merger Proposal to its shareholders even if the United Bankshares board of directors has withdrawn or
modified its recommendation, consistent with the terms of the merger agreement.

 
Q: Is the merger expected to be taxable to Cardinal shareholders?
 
A: Generally, no. The merger is structured to be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue

Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, and holders of Cardinal common stock will not recognize any gain or loss for United States
federal income tax purposes on the exchange of shares of Cardinal common stock for shares of United Bankshares common stock in
the merger, except with respect to any cash received instead of fractional shares of United Bankshares common stock. You should
read “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 121 for a more complete discussion of the
United States federal income tax consequences of the merger. Tax matters can be complicated and the tax consequences of the merger
to you will depend on your particular tax situation. You should consult your tax advisor to determine the specific tax consequences of
the merger to you.

 
Q: If I am a holder of Cardinal common stock, can I change or revoke my vote?
 
A: Yes. If you are a shareholder of record of common stock, you may change your vote and revoke your proxy by:
 

 •  before the meeting, voting by telephone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 •  before the meeting, submitting a properly signed proxy card with a later date;
 

 •  voting in person at the Cardinal special meeting subject to proof of identity; or
 

 
•  delivering written notice that you wish to revoke your proxy to Mark A. Wendel and Jennifer L. Deacon, with an office located

at Cardinal Financial Corporation, 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean, Virginia 22102, at or before the Cardinal
special meeting. You must include your control number.

 
5



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 17/233

Table of Contents

If you hold shares in street name, you must follow your broker’s instructions to change your vote. Any record holder of Cardinal
common stock, or street name holder with a written proxy from the record holder, entitled to vote in person at the Cardinal special
meeting may vote in person regardless of whether a proxy has been previously given, but the mere presence of a shareholder at the
special meeting will not constitute revocation of a previously given proxy.

 
Q: If I am a United Bankshares shareholder, can I change or revoke my vote?
 
A: Yes. If you are a shareholder of record of common stock, you may change your vote and revoke your proxy by:
 

 •  before the meeting, voting by telephone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 •  before the meeting, submitting a properly signed proxy card with a later date;
 

 •  voting in person at the United Bankshares special meeting subject to proof of identity; or
 

 
•  delivering written notice that you wish to revoke your proxy to James J. Consagra, Jr. and W. Mark Tatterson or either one of

them, with an office located at United Square, Fifth and Avery Streets, Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101, at or before the
United Bankshares special meeting. You must include your control number.

If you hold shares in street name, you must follow your broker’s instructions to change your vote. Any record holder of United
Bankshares common stock, or street name holder with a written proxy from the record holder, entitled to vote in person at the United
Bankshares special meeting may vote in person regardless of whether a proxy has been previously given, but the mere presence of a
shareholder at the special meeting will not constitute revocation of a previously given proxy.

 
Q: If I am a Cardinal shareholder, do I have appraisal or dissenters’ rights?
 
A: No. Under Virginia law, holders of Cardinal common stock will not be entitled to exercise any appraisal or dissenters’ rights in

connection with any of the proposals being presented to them.
 
Q: If I am a United Bankshares shareholder, do I have appraisal or dissenters’ rights?
 
A: No. Under West Virginia law, holders of United Bankshares common stock will not be entitled to exercise any appraisal or dissenters’

rights in connection with any of the proposals being presented to them.
 
Q: If I am a holder of Cardinal common stock with shares represented by stock certificates, should I send in my Cardinal stock

certificates now?
 
A: No. You should not send in your Cardinal stock certificates at this time. After completion of the merger, United Bankshares will send

you instructions for exchanging Cardinal stock certificates for the merger consideration. The shares of United Bankshares common
stock that Cardinal shareholders will receive in the merger will be issued in book-entry form. Please do not send in your stock
certificates with your proxy card.

 
Q: What should I do if I hold my shares of Cardinal common stock in book-entry form?
 
A: After the completion of the merger, United Bankshares will send you instructions for exchanging shares of Cardinal common stock

held in book-entry form for shares of United Bankshares common stock in book-entry form and cash to be paid instead of fractional
shares of United Bankshares common stock.

 
6



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 18/233

Table of Contents

Q: Can I place my Cardinal stock certificate(s) into book-entry form prior to the merger?
 
A: Yes. Cardinal stock certificates can be placed into book-entry form prior to the merger. For more information, please contact

American Stock Transfer & Trust Company at (800) 937-5449.
 
Q: Who can I contact if I cannot locate my Cardinal stock certificate(s)?
 
A: If you are unable to locate your original Cardinal stock certificate(s), you should contact American Stock Transfer & Trust Company

at (800) 937-5449.
 
Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?
 
A: United Bankshares and Cardinal currently expect to complete the merger during the second quarter of 2017. However, they cannot

assure you when or if the merger will occur. United Bankshares and Cardinal must, among other things, obtain the required approvals
of Cardinal shareholders and United Bankshares shareholders at their respective special meetings and the required regulatory
approvals described below in “The Merger Agreement – Conditions of the Merger” beginning on page 109.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 
A: If the merger is not completed, holders of Cardinal common stock will not receive any consideration for their shares in connection

with the merger. Instead, Cardinal will remain an independent public company and its common stock will continue to be listed and
traded on Nasdaq. In addition, in certain circumstances, a termination fee may be required to be paid by Cardinal or United
Bankshares. See “The Merger Agreement – Effect of Termination; Termination Fees” beginning on page 118 for a complete
discussion of the circumstances under which termination fees will be required to be paid.

 
Q: Who will be soliciting proxies?
 
A: In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, the directors and certain employees of Cardinal may be soliciting proxies for the Cardinal

special meeting. In addition, Cardinal has engaged InvestorCom, Inc. to assist with soliciting proxies on behalf of Cardinal. See “The
Cardinal Special Meeting – Solicitation of Proxies” beginning on page 55 for more information.

In addition to soliciting proxies by mail, certain employees of United Bankshares may be soliciting proxies for the United
Bankshares special meeting. United Bankshares has retained Georgeson to assist with soliciting proxies on behalf of United
Bankshares. See “The United Bankshares Special Meeting –Solicitation of Proxies” beginning on page 46 for more information.

 
Q: Whom should I call with questions?
 
A: Cardinal shareholders should contact Jennifer L. Deacon at Cardinal by telephone at (703) 584-3400, or InvestorCom, Inc.,

Cardinal’s proxy solicitor, toll-free at (877) 972-0090. United Bankshares shareholders should call Jennie Singer at United
Bankshares by telephone at (304) 424-8800, or Computershare, United Bankshares’ exchange agent, toll-free at (888) 470-5886.

 
7



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 19/233

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this prospectus and joint proxy statement. It does not contain all of the
information that may be important to you. We urge you to carefully read this entire prospectus and joint proxy statement and the other
documents to which this prospectus and joint proxy statement refers to fully understand the merger and the other matters to be
considered at the special meeting. See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141 to obtain the information incorporated
by reference into this prospectus and joint proxy statement without charge. Each item in this summary includes a page reference
directing you to a more complete description of that item.

The Merger (page 60)

We have attached the merger agreement to this prospectus and joint proxy statement as Appendix A. We encourage you to read
the merger agreement. It is the legal document that governs the merger.

In the merger, United Bankshares will acquire Cardinal by means of the merger of Cardinal into UBV Holding Company, LLC,
or UBV, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares. UBV will be the surviving entity in the merger. UBV is a single
member Virginia limited liability company, disregarded for income tax purposes.

After the effective time of the merger and as part of the same overall transaction, Cardinal Bank, the wholly-owned subsidiary of
Cardinal, for no additional consideration and pursuant to the bank merger agreement, attached as an exhibit to the merger agreement,
will merge with and into United Bank, a Virginia banking corporation, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBV, such transaction
referred to hereinafter as the bank merger. As a result of the bank merger, the separate existence of Cardinal Bank will cease and the
corporate existence of United Bank, as the merged bank, shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the bank merger and the merged
bank shall be deemed to be the same business and corporate entity as each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank.

Each share of Cardinal common stock outstanding will be converted in the merger into 0.71 shares of United Bankshares
common stock as further described below. We expect to complete the merger in the second quarter of 2017, although there can be no
assurance in this regard.

Exchange Ratio in the Merger (page 108)

Upon completion of the merger, each Cardinal shareholder will receive 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock for each
share of Cardinal common stock held immediately prior to the merger. We refer to this ratio as the exchange ratio. The aggregate
number of shares of United Bankshares common stock to which a Cardinal shareholder will be entitled upon completion of the merger
will equal 0.71 multiplied by the number of shares of Cardinal common stock held by that Cardinal shareholder. However, United
Bankshares will not issue any fractional shares. A Cardinal shareholder entitled to a fractional share of United Bankshares common
stock will instead receive an amount in cash equal to the fraction of a whole share of United Bankshares common stock to which such
shareholder would otherwise be entitled multiplied by the average of the daily closing prices for the shares of United Bankshares
common stock for the 20 consecutive full trading days on which such shares are actually traded on Nasdaq, ending at the close of
trading on the tenth trading day immediately prior to the date on which the merger is completed. As an example, a holder of 10 shares
of Cardinal common stock would receive 7 shares of United Bankshares common stock and an amount of cash equal to the product of
0.1 and the average of the daily closing prices for the shares of United Bankshares common stock for the 20 consecutive full trading
days on which United Bankshares common stock is traded ending at the close of trading on the tenth trading day immediately prior to
the date on which the merger is completed. A Cardinal shareholder whose direct shareholdings are represented by multiple Cardinal
stock certificates will have all shares associated with those stock certificates aggregated for purposes of calculating whole shares and
cash in lieu of fractional shares to be received upon completion of the merger.
 

 
8



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 20/233

Table of Contents

The exchange ratio is a fixed ratio. Therefore, the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock to be received by
holders of Cardinal common stock in the merger will not change if the trading price of United Bankshares common stock or the
market value of Cardinal common stock changes between now and the time the merger is completed, except in limited circumstances
where the trading price of United Bankshares common stock falls below certain thresholds when measured during a period shortly
before the date that the merger is scheduled to be completed, in which case, Cardinal will have an opportunity to terminate the merger
agreement if United Bankshares elects not to adjust the exchange rate accordingly.

Upon completion of the merger, we expect that United Bankshares shareholders will own approximately 76% of the combined
company and former Cardinal shareholders will own approximately 24% of the combined company.

The market prices of both United Bankshares common stock and Cardinal common stock will fluctuate prior to the
merger. You should obtain current stock price quotations for United Bankshares common stock.

Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger (page 64)

In reaching its decision to adopt and approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, and to recommend that its shareholders approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal, the Cardinal board of directors
consulted with Cardinal management, as well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including, but not
limited to, each of the following: the value of the United Bankshares common stock consideration being offered to Cardinal
shareholders, the anticipated future trading value of the United Bankshares common stock consideration, and the expected future
receipt by Cardinal shareholders of dividends as United Bankshares shareholders; each of Cardinal’s, United Bankshares’, and the
combined entity’s business, operations, financial condition and asset quality; the feasibility of, and the results that could be expected to
be obtained, if Cardinal continued to operate independently; the process conducted by its financial advisors to assist the Cardinal
board of directors in structuring the merger with United Bankshares; and the scale, scope, strength and diversity of operations that
could be achieved by combining Cardinal with United Bankshares. For more detail concerning the factors considered by the Cardinal
board of directors in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, see the section entitled “The Merger – Cardinal’s Reasons
for the Merger; Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors.”

Cardinal’s Recommendation (page 64)

The Cardinal board of directors believes that the merger is fair to and in the best interests of the Cardinal shareholders. Cardinal’s
board of directors unanimously recommends that Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” the Cardinal Merger Proposal, the Cardinal
Merger-Related Compensation Proposal and the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal. For the factors considered by the Cardinal board of
directors in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, see the section entitled “The Merger – Cardinal’s Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors.”

Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor (page 70 and Appendix B)

In considering whether to approve the merger, the Cardinal board of directors considered the opinion of its financial advisor,
Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., or Sandler O’Neill, who delivered a written opinion to the Cardinal board of directors that, as of
August 17, 2016, the exchange ratio is fair to the holders of Cardinal common stock from a financial point of view. We have attached
the full text of this opinion, dated as of August 17, 2016, to this prospectus and joint proxy statement as Appendix B. You should read
this opinion completely to understand the assumptions made, matters considered and limitations of the review undertaken by Sandler
O’Neill in providing its opinion.
 

 
9



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 21/233

Table of Contents

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion is directed to Cardinal’s board of directors, addresses only the fairness of the exchange ratio pursuant
to the merger agreement from a financial point of view to the holders of shares of Cardinal common stock and does not address any
other aspect of the merger or constitute a recommendation as to how any Cardinal shareholder should vote at the special meeting held
in connection with the merger.

United Bankshares’ Reasons for the Merger (page 68)

In reaching its decision to adopt and approve the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, and to recommend that its shareholders approve the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares
board of directors evaluated the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in
consultation with United Bankshares management, as well as United Bankshares’ financial and legal advisors, and considered a
number of factors, including, but not limited to, the following: each of United Bankshares’, Cardinal’s and the combined entity’s
business, operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings and prospects; the potential of creating a contiguous Mid-Atlantic
banking franchise with additional scale and access to a broader base of middle market and small business prospects; Cardinal’s
familiarity with the Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. markets; and management’s expectation regarding cost synergies,
accretion and internal rate of return. For more detail concerning the factors considered by the United Bankshares board of directors in
reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, see the section entitled “The Merger – United Bankshares’ Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors.”

United Bankshares’ Recommendation (page 68)

The United Bankshares board of directors believes that the merger is fair to and in the best interests of the United Bankshares
shareholders. The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that United Bankshares shareholders vote “FOR”
the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance
Proposal and the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal. For the factors considered by the United Bankshares board of directors in
reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement, see the section entitled “The Merger – United Bankshares’ Reasons for the
Merger; Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors.”

Opinion of United Bankshares’ Financial Advisor (page 81 and Appendix C)

In connection with the merger, United Bankshares’ financial advisor, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., or KBW, delivered a
written opinion, dated August 17, 2016, to the United Bankshares board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
and as of the date of the opinion, to United Bankshares of the exchange ratio in the proposed merger. The full text of KBW’s opinion,
which describes the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review
undertaken by KBW in preparing the opinion, is attached as Appendix C to this prospectus and joint proxy statement. The opinion was
for the information of, and was directed to, the United Bankshares board of directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with its
consideration of the financial terms of the merger. The opinion did not address the underlying business decision of United Bankshares
to engage in the merger or enter into the merger agreement or constitute a recommendation to the United Bankshares board of
directors in connection with the merger, and it does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of United Bankshares common
stock or any shareholder of any other entity as to how to vote in connection with the merger or any other matter.

Amendment to United Bankshares Articles of Incorporation (page 49 and Appendix D)

The United Bankshares articles of incorporation, currently authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock.
As of December 31, 2016, a total of 109,970,551 shares of common stock were issued
 

 
10



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 22/233

Table of Contents

and outstanding, reserved for issuance and estimated to be issued in the pending acquisition of Cardinal. As a result, the United
Bankshares board of directors has recommended to the United Bankshares shareholders an amendment to the United Bankshares
articles of incorporation to increase the number of authorized shares of United common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 200,000,000
shares. For more information, see the section entitled “Proposals To Be Considered at the United Bankshares Special Meeting –
 Proposal No. 2 – Approval of Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation to Increase the Number of Authorized Shares of Common
Stock”.

No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights (page 96)

Neither shareholders of Cardinal nor shareholders of United Bankshares will have any dissenters’ or appraisal rights in
connection with the merger and the other matters described in this prospectus and joint proxy statement.

Accounting Treatment (page 107)

United Bankshares will account for the merger using acquisition accounting in accordance with U.S. generally accepted
accounting principles.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (page 121)

The merger is structured to qualify as a tax-free reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Cardinal shareholders will
not recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of their exchange of shares of Cardinal common stock
solely for shares of United Bankshares common stock. Cardinal shareholders may, however, have to recognize gain in connection with
the receipt of any cash received in the merger. Because this tax treatment may not apply to all Cardinal shareholders, you should
consult your own tax advisor for a full understanding of the merger’s tax consequences that are particular to you. It is a condition to
United Bankshares’ and Cardinal’s obligation to complete the merger that we receive a legal opinion that the merger will be treated for
U.S. federal income tax purposes as a reorganization under Section 368 of the Code. This opinion, however, will not bind the Internal
Revenue Service, which could take a different view.

Shareholders will also be required to file certain information with their federal income tax returns and to retain certain records
with regard to the merger.

The discussion of U.S. federal income tax consequences set forth above is for general information only and does not
purport to be a complete analysis or listing of all potential tax effects that may apply to a holder of Cardinal common stock.
Shareholders of Cardinal are strongly urged to consult their tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them
of the merger, including the application and effect of federal, state, local, foreign and other tax laws.

The Companies (page 124)

United Bankshares, Inc.
500 Virginia Street, East
Charleston, West Virginia 25301
(304) 348-8400

United Bankshares is a West Virginia corporation registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the Bank Holding Company
Act of 1956, as amended, or the BHCA. United Bankshares was incorporated and organized in 1982 and began conducting business in
1984 with the acquisition of three wholly-owned
 

 
11



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 23/233

Table of Contents

subsidiaries. Since its formation in 1982, United Bankshares has acquired 30 banking institutions. United Bankshares has two banking
subsidiaries “doing business” under the name United Bank, one operating under the laws of West Virginia and the other operating
under the laws of Virginia. United Bankshares’ banking subsidiaries offer a full range of commercial and retail banking services and
products. United Bankshares also owns nonbank subsidiaries that engage in other community banking services such as asset
management, real property title insurance, investment banking, financial planning and brokerage services.

The headquarters of United Bankshares is located in United Center at 500 Virginia Street, East, Charleston, West Virginia. United
Bankshares’ executive offices are located in Parkersburg, West Virginia at Fifth and Avery Streets. United Bankshares operates 128
full service offices – 50 located throughout West Virginia, 73 throughout the Shenandoah Valley Region of Virginia and the Northern
Virginia, Maryland and Washington, D.C. areas, 4 in southwestern Pennsylvania and 1 in southeastern Ohio.

United Bankshares’ website can be accessed at https://www.ubsi-inc.com. Information contained on the websites of United
Bankshares or any subsidiary of United Bankshares does not constitute a part of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and is not
incorporated into other filings that United Bankshares makes with the Securities and Exchange Commission, or SEC. United
Bankshares’ common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “UBSI”.

As of September 30, 2016, United Bankshares had total assets of $14.34 billion, total deposits of $10.58 billion, and
shareholders’ equity of $2.03 billion.

United Bank
11185 Fairfax Boulevard
Fairfax, Virginia 22030
(703) 219-4850

United Bank is a Virginia banking corporation. United Bank was incorporated on June 5, 1984, and offers a full range of
commercial and retail banking services and products. The headquarters and executive officers of United Bank are located at 11185
Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax, Virginia 22030. United Bank operates 71 full service offices throughout the Shenandoah Valley Region of
Virginia in the Northern Virginia, Maryland and Washington, D.C. areas.

As of September 30, 2016, United Bank’s consolidated assets approximated $8.87 billion, total deposits were $5.98 billion and
total shareholders’ equity approximated $1.64 billion.

Cardinal Financial Corporation
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500
McLean, Virginia 22102
(703) 584-3400

Cardinal Financial Corporation is a financial holding company headquartered in McLean, Virginia providing financial services
through its community bank subsidiary, Cardinal Bank, and its mortgage banking subsidiary, George Mason Mortgage, LLC. In
addition, Cardinal provides services through its retail securities brokerage subsidiary, Cardinal Wealth Services, Inc. Cardinal Bank, a
Virginia banking corporation, currently operates 29 banking offices in Northern Virginia, Maryland and the greater Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area.

The principal executive offices of Cardinal are located at 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean, Virginia 22102, and its
telephone number is (703) 584-3400. Cardinal’s website can be accessed at http://www.cardinalbank.com. Information contained on
the websites of Cardinal or any subsidiary of Cardinal does not constitute a part of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and is not
incorporated into other filings that Cardinal makes with the SEC. Cardinal’s common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol
“CFNL”.
 

 
12



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 24/233

Table of Contents

As of September 30, 2016, Cardinal had total assets of $4.22 billion, total deposits of $3.22 billion, and total shareholders’ equity
of $451.8 million.

The Cardinal Shareholder Meeting (page 54)

The Cardinal special meeting will be held on Friday, April 7, 2017 at 10:30 a.m. at the Hilton McLean Tysons Corner, 7920
Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102. At the special meeting, Cardinal shareholders will be asked:
 

 •  To approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal;
 

 •  To approve the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal; and
 

 •  To approve the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal.

Cardinal Record Date; Vote Required (page 55)

Cardinal shareholders can vote at the special meeting if they owned shares of Cardinal common stock at the close of business on
February 1, 2017, which is the record date for the special meeting. On the record date, Cardinal had approximately 33,072,769 shares
of common stock outstanding and 5,790 shareholders entitled to vote. Each Cardinal shareholder can cast one vote for each share of
Cardinal common stock owned on that date.

The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the
special meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum. Abstentions and broker “non-votes” are counted as present and entitled to vote for
purposes of determining a quorum. A broker “non-vote” occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does not vote
on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power for that particular item and has not received
instructions from the beneficial owner. Although brokers have discretionary power to vote your shares of Cardinal common stock with
respect to routine matters, they do not have discretionary power to vote your shares of Cardinal common stock on non-routine matters.
All proposals for consideration at the Cardinal special meeting are non-routine and therefore your broker will not be able to vote your
shares of Cardinal common stock with respect to these proposals unless the broker received appropriate instructions from you.

If a quorum exists, the approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding
shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect on
the outcome of the vote on this proposal as votes against this proposal.

If a quorum exists, approval, on an advisory basis only, of the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be disregarded and have
no effect on the outcome of the vote on this proposal.

Approval of the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the special
meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote on this proposal.

As of the record date, Cardinal directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, beneficially owned (including options)
approximately 5.16% of the outstanding shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. Cardinal directors
have entered into support agreements that obligate each director to vote shares of Cardinal common stock over which each such
director has sole voting and dispositive power for approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal.
 

 
13



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 25/233

Table of Contents

The United Bankshares Shareholder Meeting (page 45)

The United Bankshares special meeting will be held on Friday, April 7, 2017 at 11:00 a.m. at United Square, Fifth and Avery
Streets, 10th Floor, Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101. At the special meeting, United Bankshares shareholders will be asked:
 

 •  To approve the United Bankshares Merger Proposal;
 

 •  To approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal;
 

 •  To approve the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal; and
 

 •  To approve the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

United Bankshares Record Date; Vote Required (page 46)

United Bankshares shareholders can vote at the special meeting if they owned shares of United Bankshares common stock at the
close of business on February 1, 2017, which is the record date for the special meeting. On the record date, United Bankshares had
approximately 81,045,385 shares of common stock outstanding and approximately 68,180 shareholders entitled to vote. Each United
Bankshares shareholder can cast one vote for each share of United Bankshares common stock owned on that date.

The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the shares of United Bankshares common stock entitled to
vote at the special meeting is necessary to constitute a quorum. Abstentions and broker “non-votes” are counted as present and entitled
to vote for purposes of determining a quorum. A broker “non-vote” occurs when a nominee holding shares for a beneficial owner does
not vote on a particular proposal because the nominee does not have discretionary voting power for that particular item and has not
received instructions from the beneficial owner. Although brokers have discretionary power to vote your shares of United Bankshares
common stock with respect to routine matters, they do not have discretionary power to vote your shares of United Bankshares
common stock on non-routine matters. All proposals for consideration at the United Bankshares special meeting are non-routine and
therefore your broker will not be able to vote your shares of United Bankshares common stock with respect to these proposals unless
the broker received appropriate instructions from you.

If a quorum exists, approval of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal,
the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal require the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast at the special meeting.

In determining whether all proposals have received the requisite number of affirmative votes, abstentions and broker non-votes
will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote on each proposal.

As of the record date, United Bankshares directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, beneficially owned (including
options) approximately 5.72% of the outstanding shares of United Bankshares common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.
United Bankshares directors have indicated that they plan to vote the shares of United Bankshares common stock that they own for
approval of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal, and the United Bankshares
Stock Issuance Proposal, although none of them have entered into any agreements obligating them to do so.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (page 109)

The obligations of United Bankshares and Cardinal to complete the merger depend on a number of conditions being satisfied or
waived. These conditions include:
 

 •  Cardinal shareholders’ approval of the merger agreement;
 

 
•  United Bankshares shareholders’ approval of the merger agreement, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock in

connection with the merger and the amendment to its articles of incorporation;
 

 
14



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 26/233

Table of Contents

 •  Approval of the merger by the necessary federal and state regulatory authorities;
 

 
•  The effectiveness of the registration statement filed on Form S-4 of which this prospectus and joint proxy statement is a part

and no stop order suspending the effectiveness thereof shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall
have been initiated or threatened by the SEC;

 

 •  Authorization for the listing on Nasdaq of the shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued in the merger;
 

 •  Absence of any law or court order prohibiting the merger;
 

 
•  Receipt of opinions from counsel to Cardinal and United Bankshares that the merger will be treated as a “reorganization”

under Section 368(a) of the Code;
 

 
•  The execution and delivery of all documents required for United Bankshares to assume Cardinal’s obligations with respect

to its trust preferred securities;
 

 
•  The execution and delivery of binding, written agreements with certain key employees of Cardinal concerning employment

with United Bankshares after the effective time of the merger and none of the key employees has taken any action on or
before the effective time of the merger to materially breach or to cancel or terminate any such agreement;

 

 
•  The accuracy of the other party’s representations and warranties subject to the material adverse effect standard in the

merger agreement; and
 

 •  The performance in all material respects of all obligations contained in the merger agreement.

We cannot be certain when, or if, the conditions to the merger will be satisfied or waived, or that the merger will be completed.

Regulatory Approvals (page 113)

We cannot complete the merger unless it is approved by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, or the Federal
Reserve, and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions. Once the Federal Reserve approves the merger, we have to wait from 15 to
30 days before we can complete it. During that time, the Department of Justice may challenge the merger. As of the date of this
prospectus and joint proxy statement, we have not yet received the required regulatory approvals. While we do not know of any reason
why we would not be able to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals in a timely manner, we cannot be certain when or if we will
receive them or, if obtained, whether they will contain terms, conditions or restrictions not currently contemplated that will be
detrimental to the combined company after completion of the merger.

Under the merger agreement, United Bankshares is not required to agree to any condition or take any action if such agreement or
the taking of such action is reasonably likely to result in any conditions or requirements applicable either before or after the effective
time of the merger that the United Bankshares board of directors reasonably determines in good faith would have a material adverse
effect on United Bankshares and its subsidiaries taken as a whole taking into account the consummation of the merger in making such
determination, which we refer to as a materially burdensome regulatory condition. If the merger is not consummated by August 31,
2017 or the necessary governmental approvals are not obtained, solely because United Bankshares does not satisfy a condition to
approval of a governmental authority requiring it to raise or obtain capital, then United Bankshares may be required to pay Cardinal a
termination fee of $13,500,000 if certain other conditions are satisfied. See “The Merger Agreement – Effect of Termination;
Termination Fees” on page 118 and “The Merger – United Bankshares Capital Raise Through Issuance of Common Stock” on page
120.
 

 
15



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 27/233

Table of Contents

Termination of the Merger Agreement (page 116)

Cardinal and United Bankshares may mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement at any time upon a vote by a majority of
the board of directors of each of Cardinal and United Bankshares.

Either Cardinal or United Bankshares may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not complete by August 31, 2017,
unless the failure of the merger to be consummated arises out of or results from the knowing action or inaction of the party seeking to
terminate.

United Bankshares may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:
 

 
•  Cardinal materially breaches any of its representations or obligations under the merger agreement and does not cure the

breach within 30 days of written notice of the breach;
 

 

•  (i) Final action has been taken by any governmental authority whose approval is required for consummation of the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which final action has become nonappealable and does
not approve the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or such governmental
authority has approved of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement with a materially
burdensome regulatory condition, (ii) any governmental authority whose approval or nonobjection is required in connection
with the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement has stated that it will not issue the
required approval or nonobjection, (iii) the shareholders of United Bankshares do not approve the merger agreement, the
issuance of United Bankshares common stock or the United Bankshares articles amendment or (iv) the Cardinal
shareholders do not approve the merger agreement;

 

 

•  As of August 31, 2017, (i) the continued accuracy of Cardinal’s representations and warranties in the merger agreement
cannot be confirmed by Cardinal, (ii) the performance in all material respects of all of its obligations in the merger
agreement cannot be confirmed by Cardinal, or (iii) the binding, written agreements with certain key employees of Cardinal
concerning employment with United Bankshares after the effective time of the merger have not been executed and
delivered or one of the key employees has taken any action on or before the effective time of the merger to materially
breach or to cancel or terminate any such agreement (provided that such failure is not a result of United Bankshares’ failure
to perform, in any material respect, any of its covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement or the breach by
United Bankshares of any of its material representations or warranties contained in the merger agreement); or

 

 
•  The Cardinal board of directors fails to recommend approval of the merger agreement, withdraws its recommendation or

modifies its recommendation in a manner adverse to United Bankshares.

Cardinal may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:
 

 
•  United Bankshares materially breaches any of its representations or obligations under the merger agreement and does not

cure the breach within 30 days of written notice of the breach;
 

 

•  (i) Final action has been taken by any governmental authority whose approval is required for consummation of the merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which final action has become nonappealable and does
not approve the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or such governmental
authority has approved of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement with a materially
burdensome regulatory condition, (ii) any governmental authority whose approval or nonobjection is required in connection
with the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement has stated that it will not issue the
required approval or nonobjection, (iii) the shareholders of United

 

 
16



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 28/233

Table of Contents

 
Bankshares do not approve the merger agreement, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock or the United
Bankshares articles amendment or (iv) the Cardinal shareholders do not approve the merger agreement;

 

 

•  As of August 31, 2017, United Bankshares is not able to confirm, (i) the continued accuracy of its representations and
warranties in the merger agreement or (ii) the performance in all material respects of all of its obligations in the merger
agreement (provided that such failure is not a result of Cardinal’s failure to perform, in any material respect, any of its
covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement or the breach by Cardinal of any of its material representations
or warranties contained in the merger agreement);

 

 
•  The United Bankshares board of directors fails to recommend approval of the merger agreement and the issuance of United

Bankshares common stock in connection with the merger to the United Bankshares shareholders, withdraws its
recommendation or modifies its recommendation in a manner adverse to Cardinal; or

 

 

•  The price of United Bankshares common stock declines by more than 20% from $38.91 and underperforms an index of
banking companies by more than 15% over a designated measurement period unless United Bankshares agrees to increase
the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued to holders of Cardinal common stock who are to
receive shares of United Bankshares common stock in the merger to an amount that equals the economic value of the
merger consideration to be received by Cardinal shareholders as of the date the merger agreement was executed.

Additionally, Cardinal may terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an agreement with respect to an unsolicited
acquisition proposal that if consummated would result in a transaction that is (i) more favorable to Cardinal shareholders from a
financial point of view than the merger, (ii) fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed, (iii) reasonably likely to
receive all required approvals of governmental authorities on a timely basis and (iv) otherwise reasonably capable of being completed
on the terms proposed, provided that United Bankshares does not make a counteroffer that the Cardinal board of directors determines
is at least as favorable to the other proposal and Cardinal pays the termination fee described below.

Termination Fees (page 118)

In the event that the merger agreement is terminated (i) by Cardinal in order to concurrently enter into an agreement with respect
to an unsolicited acquisition proposal that is (a) more favorable to its shareholders from a financial point of view than the merger with
United Bankshares, (b) fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed, (c) reasonably likely to receive all required
governmental approvals on a timely basis and (d) otherwise reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed, and United
Bankshares does not make a counteroffer that the Cardinal board of directors determines is at least as favorable to the unsolicited
acquisition proposal or (ii) by United Bankshares because the Cardinal board of directors fails to recommend, withdraws, modifies or
changes its recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse in any respect to the interests of United Bankshares and within 12
months after the date of termination of the merger agreement, Cardinal enters into an agreement with respect to another acquisition
proposal or consummates another acquisition proposal, then Cardinal must pay United Bankshares a termination fee of $36,000,000.

In the event that the merger agreement is terminated by United Bankshares or Cardinal because the merger has not closed by
August 31, 2017, the necessary governmental approvals were not or cannot be obtained or could be obtained only with a materially
burdensome regulatory condition, but only if the delay in the closing of the merger or the failure to obtain the necessary governmental
approval, as applicable, arises solely because United Bankshares did not satisfy the condition to approval of a governmental authority
requiring it to raise or
 

 
17



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 29/233

Table of Contents

obtain capital, then United Bankshares must pay Cardinal a termination fee of $13,500,000. Additionally, the obligation of United
Bankshares to pay the termination fee is subject to the satisfaction of certain other conditions set forth in the merger agreement,
including (i) certain conditions to closing, which must have been satisfied or be reasonably likely to be satisfied, (ii) Cardinal’s
compliance with its obligations to assist in the preparation of this prospectus and joint proxy statement, and (iii) the absence of any
right of United Bankshares to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to an uncured material breach by Cardinal or failure by
Cardinal to perform the applicable conditions precedent to United Bankshares’ obligation to consummate the merger.

Waiver and Amendment (page 112)

United Bankshares and Cardinal may jointly amend the merger agreement and each may waive its right to require the other party
to adhere to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. However, United Bankshares and Cardinal may not do so after
Cardinal shareholders approve the merger agreement if the amendment or waiver would violate the Virginia Stock Corporation Act.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger that Differ from Your Interests (page 97)

Some of the directors and executive officers of Cardinal have interests in the merger that differ from, or are in addition to, their
interests as shareholders of Cardinal. These interests exist because of, among other things, employment or severance agreements that
the executive officers entered into with Cardinal, rights that these executive officers and directors have under Cardinal’s benefit plans
including equity plans and deferred compensation plans, agreements or arrangements with United Bankshares or its subsidiaries,
including United Bank, to continue or serve as employees, contractors and/or directors following the merger, and rights to
indemnification and directors and officers insurance following the merger. The employment and severance agreements provide certain
executive officers with severance benefits if their employment is terminated in connection with the merger. The aggregate
compensation that certain Cardinal directors and named executive officers may receive as a result of the merger is described in greater
detail under “Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 97.

In addition, Bernard H. Clineburg, Executive Chairman of the Cardinal board of directors will join the board of directors of
United Bankshares. Two individuals from Cardinal, who have not yet been identified, will join the board of directors of United Bank.

Further, as of the record date of the Cardinal special meeting, Cardinal directors and executive officers owned, in the aggregate,
options to purchase 397,090 shares of Cardinal common stock granted under a Cardinal equity compensation plan. The treatment of
the options is set forth in the merger agreement and described in greater detail under “Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 97.

The members of the Cardinal board of directors knew about these additional interests and considered them when they approved
the merger agreement and the merger.

Stock Options (page 108)

Under the merger agreement, each stock option to buy Cardinal common stock granted under a Cardinal equity compensation
plan that is outstanding and not yet exercised immediately prior to the merger, whether vested or unvested, will vest pursuant to the
terms thereof and will be converted into an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock
option, the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock equal to (a) the number of shares of Cardinal common stock subject
to such stock option multiplied by (b) 0.71. Such product shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per
share (rounded up to the next whole cent) of each United Bankshares stock option issued for the
 

 
18



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 30/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal stock option shall equal (y) the exercise price per share of shares of Cardinal common stock that were purchasable pursuant
to such Cardinal stock option divided by (z) 0.71.

Restricted Stock (page 109)

Under the merger agreement, each restricted stock award granted under a Cardinal equity compensation plan that is unvested or
contingent and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will fully vest and be converted into the right to receive, without interest,
the merger consideration and the shares of Cardinal common stock subject to such stock award will be treated in the same manner as
all other shares of Cardinal common stock for such purposes.

Material Differences in the Rights of United Bankshares Shareholders and Cardinal Shareholders (page 129)

The rights of United Bankshares shareholders are governed by West Virginia law and by United Bankshares’ articles of
incorporation and bylaws. The rights of Cardinal shareholders are governed by Virginia law and by Cardinal’s articles of incorporation
and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, the rights of the United Bankshares shareholders, including former shareholders of
Cardinal, will be governed by West Virginia law and the articles of incorporation and bylaws of United Bankshares.

This prospectus and joint proxy statement contains descriptions of the material differences in shareholder rights under each of the
United Bankshares and Cardinal governing documents.

United Bankshares Capital Raise Through Issuance of Common Stock (page 120)

In connection with the merger, United Bankshares contemplated raising additional capital by issuing approximately $200 million
in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, common stock or some combination thereof. Based upon its assessment of the equity
markets, United Bankshares initially anticipated that it would issue non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. However, to take
advantage of changed capital market conditions, on December 21, 2016, United Bankshares issued 4,330,000 shares of common stock,
resulting in approximately $200 million in net proceeds. For the anticipated pro forma impact of the common stock issuance see,
“Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” on page 33.

Litigation Relating to the Merger (page 120)

On December 20, 2016, Henry Kwong, individually and purportedly on behalf of all other Cardinal shareholders, filed a putative
class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division, challenging the merger. On
January 11, 2017, a separate putative class action complaint was filed by Kyle Miller, individually and purportedly on behalf of all
other Cardinal shareholders, in the same court. By Order dated January 27, 2017, these actions were consolidated for all purposes and
merged. The plaintiffs generally claim that Cardinal and the Cardinal directors, which we refer to as the Cardinal Defendants, and
United Bankshares violated federal securities laws by filing with the SEC a materially false and misleading prospectus and joint proxy
statement. Mr. Miller also alleges in his complaint that the Cardinal directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to disclose to
the Cardinal shareholders all material information necessary to make an informed decision when voting on the transaction. The
complaints seek, among other things, an order enjoining United Bankshares and the Cardinal Defendants from proceeding with or
consummating the merger, as well as other equitable relief or money damages in the event that the transaction is completed.

United Bankshares and Cardinal believe that the claims are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against the allegations
in the complaints. See “The Merger – Litigation Relating to the Merger” on page 120.
 

 
19



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 31/233

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to general investment risks and the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this prospectus and
joint proxy statement, including the matters addressed under the heading “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” on page 28 and the matters described under the caption “Risk Factors” in the Annual Reports on Forms 10-K filed by United
Bankshares and Cardinal for the year ended December 31, 2015, Cardinal shareholders should consider the matters described below in
determining whether to approve the merger agreement and United Bankshares shareholders should consider the matters described below
in determining whether to approve the merger agreement and to approve the issuance of the shares of United Bankshares common stock in
connection therewith.

Because the exchange ratio is fixed, fluctuations in the trading price of United Bankshares common stock will change the
value of the shares of United Bankshares common stock Cardinal shareholders receive in the merger.

The exchange ratio is set at 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock for each share of Cardinal common stock. As a result,
the market value of the United Bankshares common stock that Cardinal shareholders receive in the merger will depend on the market price
of United Bankshares common stock at the time the shares are issued. Because the exchange ratio is fixed, the value of the shares of
United Bankshares common stock that will be issued to Cardinal shareholders in the merger will depend on the market price of United
Bankshares common stock at the time the shares are issued. After the merger, the market value of United Bankshares common stock may
decrease and be lower than the market value of United Bankshares common stock that was used in calculating the exchange ratio in the
merger. Except as described in this prospectus and joint proxy statement, there will be no adjustment to the fixed number of shares of
United Bankshares common stock that will be issued to Cardinal shareholders based upon changes in the market price of United
Bankshares common stock or Cardinal common stock prior to the closing.

There may be an adjustment to the fixed number of shares of United Bankshares common stock that will be issued to Cardinal
shareholders based upon changes in the market price of United Bankshares common stock and the NASDAQ Bank Index (IBIX) prior to
the closing. However, any changes to the fixed number of shares of United Bankshares common stock will not increase the per share value
that Cardinal shareholders will receive in the merger from the value calculated using the pre-announcement market price of United
Bankshares common stock. Furthermore, the Cardinal board of directors may terminate the merger agreement if the market price of United
Bankshares common stock falls more than 20% on an actual basis and 15% on a relative basis to the NASDAQ Bank Index (IBIX) prior to
the closing, in which case the merger will not occur.

The market price of United Bankshares common stock at the time the merger is completed may vary from the price of United
Bankshares common stock on the date the merger agreement was executed, on the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and on
the date of the Cardinal special meeting as a result of various factors that are beyond the control of United Bankshares and Cardinal,
including, but not limited to, general market and economic conditions, changes in our respective businesses, operations and prospects, and
regulatory considerations. In addition to the approval of the merger agreement by Cardinal shareholders and United Bankshares
shareholders and the approval of the issuance of United Bankshares common stock and the United Bankshares articles amendment by
United Bankshares shareholders, completion of the merger is subject to receipt of required regulatory approvals and satisfaction of other
conditions that may not occur until after the Cardinal special meeting or the United Bankshares special meeting. Therefore, at the time of
the Cardinal special meeting, Cardinal shareholders will not know the precise value of the consideration they will receive at the effective
time of the merger. Cardinal shareholders should obtain current market quotations for shares of United Bankshares common stock.
 

20



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 32/233

Table of Contents

The market price of United Bankshares common stock after the merger may be affected by factors different from those
affecting the shares of Cardinal or United Bankshares currently.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of Cardinal common stock will become holders of United Bankshares common stock.
United Bankshares’ business differs from that of Cardinal, and, accordingly, the results of operations of the combined company and the
market price of the combined company’s shares of common stock may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the
independent results of operations of each of United Bankshares and Cardinal. For a discussion of the businesses of United Bankshares and
Cardinal and of certain factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the documents incorporated by reference or described
elsewhere in this prospectus and joint proxy statement.

The integration of the operations of United Bankshares and Cardinal may be more difficult, costly or time-consuming than
anticipated.

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on United Bankshares’ ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from
successfully combining the businesses of United Bankshares and Cardinal and to combine the businesses of United Bankshares and
Cardinal in a manner that permits growth opportunities and cost savings to be realized without materially disrupting the existing customer
relationships of Cardinal or decreasing revenues due to loss of customers. If United Bankshares is not able to achieve these objectives, the
anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized fully or at all or may take longer to realize than expected.

It is possible that the integration process could result in the loss of key employees, the disruption of each company’s ongoing
businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company’s ability to
maintain relationships with clients, customers, depositors and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits of the merger. The loss of
key employees could adversely affect United Bankshares’ ability to successfully conduct its business in the markets in which Cardinal
now operates, which could have an adverse effect on United Bankshares’ financial results and the value of its common stock. If United
Bankshares experiences difficulties with the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all,
or may take longer to realize than expected. As with any merger of financial institutions, there also may be business disruptions that cause
Cardinal to lose customers or cause customers to remove their accounts from Cardinal and move their business to competing financial
institutions. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention and resources. These integration matters
could have an adverse effect on each of Cardinal and United Bankshares during this transition period and for an undetermined period after
consummation of the merger.

The success of the merger will also depend on United Bankshares’ ability to:
 

 •  Retain and attract qualified personnel to, United Bankshares and Cardinal;
 

 
•  Maintain existing relationships with depositors of Cardinal to minimize withdrawals of deposits prior to and subsequent to the

merger;
 

 •  Maintain and enhance existing relationships with borrowers to limit unanticipated losses from loans of Cardinal;
 

 •  Control the incremental non-interest expense from United Bankshares to maintain overall operating efficiencies; and
 

 •  Compete effectively in the communities served by United Bankshares and Cardinal and in nearby communities.

United Bankshares may not be able to manage effectively its growth resulting from the merger.
 

21



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 33/233

Table of Contents

Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or impose conditions that are not presently
anticipated.

Before the merger may be completed, we must obtain various approvals or consents from the Federal Reserve and various bank
regulatory and other authorities. These regulators may impose conditions on the completion of the merger or require changes to the terms
of the merger.

Although United Bankshares and Cardinal do not currently expect that any such conditions or changes would be imposed, there can
be no assurance that they will not be, and such conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or
imposing additional costs on or limiting the revenues of United Bankshares following the merger. There can be no assurance as to whether
the regulatory approvals will be received, the timing of those approvals, or whether any conditions will be imposed. The merger agreement
contains a condition to the obligation of each of United Bankshares and Cardinal to close the merger that the required regulatory approvals
not contain any materially burdensome regulatory condition. See “The Merger Agreement – Regulatory Approvals” on page 113.

If the merger is not consummated by August 31, 2017 or the necessary governmental approvals are not obtained, solely because
United Bankshares does not satisfy a condition to approval of a governmental authority requiring it to raise or obtain capital, then United
Bankshares may be required to pay Cardinal a termination fee of $13,500,000 if certain other conditions are satisfied. See “The Merger
Agreement – Effect of Termination; Termination Fees” on page 118.

Any additional United Bankshares stock offering is subject to conditions beyond the control of United Bankshares.

United Bankshares raised additional capital by issuing 4,330,000 shares of common stock on December 21, 2016, resulting in
approximately $200 million in net proceeds to United Bankshares. United Bankshares cannot assure its ability to raise additional capital, if
needed, on terms acceptable to it. If United Bankshares cannot raise additional capital when needed on terms acceptable to it, applicable
governmental approvals required for the completion of the merger with Cardinal may not be obtained. Further, United Bankshares’ ability
to expand its operations through internal growth and acquisitions could be materially impaired. United Bankshares can make no assurances
that the capital raised in the United Bankshares common stock issuance will be sufficient to obtain any applicable governmental approval
if such an approval is conditioned on the completion of a capital raise transaction. If the merger is not consummated by August 31, 2017 or
the necessary governmental approvals are not obtained, solely because United Bankshares does not satisfy a condition to approval of a
governmental authority requiring it to raise or obtain capital, then United Bankshares may be required to pay Cardinal a termination fee of
$13,500,000 if certain other conditions are satisfied. See “The Merger Agreement – Effect of Termination; Termination Fees” on page 118.

United Bankshares may fail to realize the cost savings estimated for the merger.

Although United Bankshares estimates that it will realize cost savings of approximately $27 million annually (excluding one-time
costs and expenses associated with the merger with Cardinal) from the merger when fully phased in, it is possible that the estimates of the
potential cost savings could turn out to be incorrect. For example, the combined purchasing power may not be as strong as expected, and
therefore the cost savings could be reduced. In addition, future business developments may require United Bankshares to continue to
operate or maintain some facilities or support functions that are currently expected to be combined or reduced. The cost savings estimates
also depend on United Bankshares’ ability to combine the businesses of United Bankshares and Cardinal in a manner that permits those
costs savings to be realized. If the estimates turn out to be incorrect or United Bankshares is not able to combine the two companies
successfully, the anticipated cost savings may not be fully realized or realized at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.
 

22



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 34/233

Table of Contents

Results after the merger may materially differ from the pro forma per share information presented in this prospectus and
joint proxy statement.

Results after the merger of Cardinal with and into United Bankshares may be materially different from those shown in the pro forma
per share information that only show a combination of historical results from United Bankshares and Cardinal. Merger, integration,
restructuring and transaction costs related to the acquisition and combination of the companies are estimated to be in the range of
approximately $32 million, on an after-tax basis, and could be higher or lower depending on how difficult it will be to integrate United
Bankshares and Cardinal. Furthermore, these charges may decrease capital of the combined company that could be used for profitable,
income earning investments in the future.

The merger may distract management of United Bankshares and Cardinal from their other responsibilities.

The merger could cause the respective management groups of United Bankshares and Cardinal to focus their time and energies on
matters related to the transaction that otherwise would be directed to their business and operations. Any such distraction on the part of
either company’s management, if significant, could affect its ability to service existing business and develop new business and adversely
affect the business and earnings of United Bankshares or the business and earnings of the combined company.

If the merger is not completed, United Bankshares and Cardinal will have incurred substantial expenses without realizing the
expected benefits of the merger.

Each of United Bankshares and Cardinal has incurred substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as the costs and expenses of filing, printing and mailing this prospectus and
joint proxy statement and all filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger. If the merger is not completed, United
Bankshares and Cardinal would have to recognize these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the merger.

Cardinal shareholders will have less influence as shareholders of United Bankshares than as shareholders of Cardinal.

Cardinal shareholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the board of directors of Cardinal and on other matters
affecting Cardinal. Following the merger, the shareholders of Cardinal as a group will own approximately 24% of the combined
organization. When the merger occurs, each Cardinal shareholder that receives shares of United Bankshares common stock will become a
shareholder of United Bankshares with a percentage ownership of the combined organization much smaller than such shareholder’s
percentage ownership of Cardinal. Because of this, Cardinal shareholders will have less influence on the management and policies of
United Bankshares than they now have on the management and policies of Cardinal.

Some of the directors and executive officers of Cardinal may have interests in the merger that differ from the interests of
non-director or non-management shareholders.

The interests of some of the directors and executive officers of Cardinal may be different from those of other holders of Cardinal
common stock, and directors and executive officers of Cardinal may be participants in arrangements that are different from, or in addition
to, those of other holders of Cardinal common stock. These interests are described in more detail in the section entitled “The Merger –
 Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 97.

The fairness opinion obtained by Cardinal from its financial advisor will not reflect changes in circumstances between
signing the merger agreement and the completion of the merger.

Cardinal has not obtained an updated fairness opinion as of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement from Sandler
O’Neill & Partners, L.P., Cardinal’s financial advisor. Changes in the operations and
 

23



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 35/233

Table of Contents

prospects of Cardinal or United Bankshares, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may be beyond the control of
Cardinal and United Bankshares, and on which the fairness opinion was based, may alter the value of Cardinal or United Bankshares or
the prices of shares of Cardinal common stock or United Bankshares common stock by the time the merger is completed. The opinion does
not speak as of the time the merger will be completed or as of any date other than the date of such opinion. Because Cardinal does not
anticipate asking its financial advisor to update its opinion, the August 17, 2016 opinion does not address the fairness of the exchange
ratio, from a financial point of view, at the time the merger is completed. The opinion is included as Appendix B to this prospectus and
joint proxy statement. For a description of the opinion that Cardinal received from its financial advisor, please refer to “The Merger –
 Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor” on page 70. For a description of the other factors considered by Cardinal’s board of directors in
determining to approve the merger, please refer to “The Merger – Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors” on page 64.

The fairness opinion delivered to the United Bankshares board of directors by United Bankshares’ financial advisor prior to
signing the merger agreement will not reflect changes in circumstances between signing the merger agreement and the completion
of the merger.

United Bankshares has not obtained an updated fairness opinion as of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement from
Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., United Bankshares’ financial advisor. Changes in the operations and prospects of Cardinal or United
Bankshares, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may be beyond the control of Cardinal and United Bankshares,
may alter the value of Cardinal or United Bankshares or the prices of shares of Cardinal common stock or United Bankshares common
stock by the time the merger is completed. KBW’s opinion was delivered on, and dated, August 17, 2016, and does not speak as of the
time the merger will be completed or as of any date other than the date of such opinion. The opinion is included as Appendix C to this
prospectus and joint proxy statement. For a description of the opinion of United Bankshares’ financial advisor, please refer to “The
Merger – Opinion of United Bankshares’ Financial Advisor” on page 81. For a description of the other factors considered by United
Bankshares’ board of directors in determining to approve the merger, please refer to “The Merger – Recommendation of the United
Bankshares Board of Directors” on page 68.

The merger agreement limits Cardinal’s ability to pursue an alternative acquisition proposal and requires Cardinal to pay a
termination fee of $36 million under limited circumstances relating to alternative acquisition proposals.

The merger agreement prohibits Cardinal from soliciting, initiating, or encouraging certain alternative acquisition proposals with any
third party, subject to exceptions set forth in the merger agreement. See “The Merger Agreement – Acquisition Proposals” on page 112.
The merger agreement also provides for the payment by Cardinal of a termination fee in the amount of $36,000,000 in the event that the
other party terminates the merger agreement for certain reasons. These provisions might discourage a potential competing acquiror that
might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of Cardinal from considering or proposing such an acquisition. See “Merger
Agreement – Termination Fees” on page 118.

The merger will not be completed unless important conditions are satisfied.

Specified conditions set forth in the merger agreement must be satisfied or waived to complete the merger. If the conditions are not
satisfied or waived, to the extent permitted by law or stock exchange rules, the merger will not occur or will be delayed and each of United
Bankshares and Cardinal may lose some or all of the intended benefits of the merger. The following conditions, in addition to other closing
conditions, must be satisfied or waived, if permissible, before United Bankshares and Cardinal are obligated to complete the merger:
 

 
•  The merger agreement and merger must be duly approved by the requisite vote of the shareholders of Cardinal and the

shareholders of United Bankshares;
 

24



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 36/233

Table of Contents

 •  All required regulatory approvals must be obtained;
 

 •  The absence of any law or order by a court or governmental authority that prohibits, restricts or makes illegal the merger;
 

 
•  Certain key employees of Cardinal must have executed and delivered binding, written agreements concerning employment with

United Bankshares after the effective time of the merger and none of the key employees of Cardinal has taken any action on or
before the effective time of the merger to materially breach or to cancel or terminate any such agreement;

 

 
•  The registration statement on Form S-4 shall become effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities

Act, and no stop order shall have been issued or threatened by the SEC; and
 

 
•  To the extent required, the shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued in the merger must be approved for listing

on Nasdaq.

Some of the conditions to the merger may be waived by United Bankshares or Cardinal without resoliciting shareholder
approval of the merger agreement.

Some of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement may be waived by United Bankshares or Cardinal, subject to the agreement
of the other party in specific cases. See “The Merger Agreement – Conditions to of the Merger.” If any conditions are waived, Cardinal or
United Bankshares, as applicable, will evaluate whether an amendment of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and resolicitation of
proxies is warranted. In the event that the board of directors of Cardinal or United Bankshares determines that resolicitation of its
shareholders is not warranted, United Bankshares and Cardinal will have the discretion to complete the transaction without seeking further
Cardinal shareholder approval or United Bankshares shareholder approval, as applicable.

Termination of the merger agreement could negatively impact Cardinal or United Bankshares.

If the merger agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences. For example, Cardinal’s businesses may have been
impacted adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the merger, without realizing
any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. If the merger agreement is terminated and Cardinal’s board of directors seeks
another merger or business combination, Cardinal shareholders cannot be certain that Cardinal will be able to find a party willing to pay
the equivalent or greater consideration than that which United Bankshares has agreed to pay in the merger. In addition, if the merger
agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including circumstances involving a change in recommendation by Cardinal’s board
of directors, Cardinal may be required to pay United Bankshares a termination fee of $36,000,000. Finally, if the merger is not
consummated by August 31, 2017 or the necessary governmental approvals are not obtained, along with certain other circumstances,
solely because United Bankshares does not satisfy the condition to approval of a governmental authority requiring it to raise or obtain
capital, then United Bankshares may be required to pay Cardinal a termination fee of $13,500,000. See “The Merger Agreement – Effect
of Termination; Termination Fees” on page 118.

Neither Cardinal shareholders nor United Bankshares shareholders have dissenters’ appraisal rights in the merger.

Dissenters’ appraisal rights are statutory rights that, if applicable under law, enable shareholders to dissent from an extraordinary
transaction, such as a merger, and to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares as determined by a court in a judicial
proceeding instead of receiving the consideration offered to shareholders in connection with the extraordinary transaction.

Under the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, shareholders are not entitled to relief as dissenting shareholders if the shares of the
corporation for which the dissenting shareholder would otherwise be entitled to relief are covered securities under Section 18(b)(1)(A) or
(B) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, on the record date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the
meeting of shareholders to act upon the corporate action requiring appraisal rights.
 

25



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 37/233

Table of Contents

Under the West Virginia Business Corporation Act, a shareholder may not exercise dissenters’ appraisal rights in connection with a
merger with respect to shares that are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or the American Stock Exchange or designated as a national
market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., like Nasdaq, as of the
record date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of shareholders to act upon the merger.

Because Cardinal common stock and United Bankshares common stock are listed on Nasdaq, neither holders of Cardinal common
stock nor holders of United Bankshares common stock will be entitled to dissenters’ appraisal rights in the merger with respect to their
shares of Cardinal common stock and United Bankshares common stock, respectively.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively affect the market price of Cardinal common stock.

If the merger is not completed for any reason, Cardinal will be subject to a number of material risks, including the following:
 

 
•  The market price of its common stock may decline to the extent that the current market prices of its shares reflect a market

assumption that the merger will be completed;
 

 
•  Costs relating to the merger, such as legal, accounting and financial advisory fees, and, in specified circumstances, termination

fees, must be paid even if the merger is not completed;
 

 
•  The diversion of management’s attention from the day-to-day business operations and the potential disruption to Cardinal’s

employees and business relationships during the period before the completion of the merger may make it difficult to regain
financial and market positions if the merger does not occur; and

 

 
•  If Cardinal’s board of directors seeks another merger or business combination, Cardinal shareholders cannot be certain that

Cardinal will be able to find a party willing to pay an equivalent or greater consideration than that which United Bankshares has
agreed to pay in the merger.

The shares of United Bankshares common stock to be received by Cardinal shareholders as a result of the merger will have
different rights from the shares of Cardinal common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, Cardinal shareholders will become United Bankshares shareholders and their rights as shareholders
will be governed by the United Bankshares articles of incorporation and the United Bankshares bylaws. The rights associated with
Cardinal common stock are different from the rights associated with United Bankshares common stock. Please see “Comparative Rights of
Shareholders” beginning on page 129 for a discussion of the different rights associated with United Bankshares common stock.

Cardinal will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on Cardinal. These uncertainties
may impair Cardinal’s ability to attract, retain and motivate strategic personnel until the merger is consummated, and could cause
customers and others that deal with Cardinal to seek to change existing business relationships with Cardinal. Experienced employees in the
financial services industry are in high demand, and competition for their talents can be intense. Employees of Cardinal may experience
uncertainty about their future role with the surviving entity until, or even after, strategies with regard to the combined company are
announced or executed. If strategic Cardinal employees depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or
a desire not to remain with the surviving entity, Cardinal’s business following the merger could be harmed. In addition, the merger
agreement restricts Cardinal from making certain acquisitions and taking other specified actions until the merger occurs without the
consent of United Bankshares. These restrictions may prevent Cardinal from pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise prior
to the completion of the merger. See “The Merger Agreement – Conduct of Business Pending the Merger” on page 114.
 

26



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 38/233

Table of Contents

If the merger does not constitute a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, then each Cardinal shareholder may be
responsible for payment of U.S. income taxes related to the exchange of Cardinal common stock for United Bankshares common
stock.

The United States Internal Revenue Service, or the IRS, may determine that the merger does not qualify as a nontaxable
reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code. In that case, each Cardinal shareholder would recognize a gain or loss equal to the
difference between the (i) the sum of the fair market value of United Bankshares common stock received by the Cardinal shareholder in
the merger and (ii) the Cardinal shareholder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of Cardinal common stock exchanged therefor.

Pending litigation against United, Cardinal and the Cardinal directors could result in an injunction preventing the
completion of the merger or a judgment resulting in the payment of damages.

On December 20, 2016, Henry Kwong, individually and purportedly on behalf of all other Cardinal shareholders, filed a putative
class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division, challenging the merger. On
January 11, 2017, a separate putative class action complaint was filed by Kyle Miller, individually and purportedly on behalf of all other
Cardinal shareholders, in the same court. By Order dated January 27, 2017, these actions were consolidated for all purposes and merged.
The plaintiffs generally claim that Cardinal and the Cardinal directors, and United Bankshares violated federal securities laws by filing
with the SEC a materially false and misleading prospectus and joint proxy statement. Mr. Miller also alleges in his complaint that the
Cardinal directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to disclose to the Cardinal shareholders all material information necessary to
make an informed decision when voting on the transaction. The outcome of any such litigation is uncertain. If the cases are not resolved,
the lawsuits could prevent or delay completion of the merger and result in substantial costs to United Bankshares, Cardinal, or the
combined company, including any costs associated with the indemnification of Cardinal’s directors. The plaintiffs and other potential
shareholder plaintiffs may file additional lawsuits against United Bankshares, Cardinal, or the directors and officers of either company in
connection with the merger. The defense or settlement of any lawsuit or claim that remains unresolved at the time the merger is completed
may adversely affect United Bankshares’ business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. See “The Merger – Litigation
Relating to the Merger” on page 120.
 

27



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 39/233

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This document contains or incorporates by reference a number of “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private
Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements about the financial conditions, results of operations, earnings outlook and
prospects of United Bankshares, Cardinal and the potential combined company and may include statements for the period following the
completion of the merger. You can find many of these statements by looking for words such as “plan,” “believe,” “expect,” “intend,”
“anticipate,” “estimate,” “project,” “potential,” “possible” or other similar expressions which identify these forward-looking statements
and appear in a number of places in this prospectus and joint proxy statement (and the documents to which you are referred in this
prospectus and joint proxy statement) and include, but are not limited to, all statements relating directly or indirectly to the timing or
likelihood of completing the merger to which this prospectus and joint proxy statement relates, the timing and amount of growth and cost
savings realized, following the merger, plans for future growth and other business development activities as well as capital expenditures,
financing sources and the effects of regulation and competition, potential effects of not approving proposals discussed in this prospectus
and joint proxy statement or not completing the merger, and all other statements regarding the intent, plans, beliefs or expectations of
United Bankshares, Cardinal, or those of their respective directors or officers.

The forward-looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties. The ability of either United Bankshares or Cardinal to predict
results or the actual effects of its plans and strategies, or those of the combined company, is subject to inherent uncertainty. Factors that
may cause actual results or earnings to differ materially from such forward-looking statements include those set forth on pages 20 – 27
under “Risk Factors,” as well as, among others, the following:
 

 •  Those discussed and identified in public filings with the SEC made by United Bankshares or Cardinal;
 

 
•  Fluctuations in the market price of United Bankshares common stock and the related effect on the market value of the merger

consideration that Cardinal common shareholders will receive upon completion of the merger;
 

 •  Business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending;
 

 
•  The possibility that the proposed merger does not close when expected or at all because required regulatory, shareholder or

other approvals and conditions to closing are not received or satisfied on a timely basis or at all;
 

 •  The terms of the proposed merger may need to be modified to satisfy such approvals or conditions;
 

 

•  The anticipated benefits from the proposed merger such as it being accretive to earnings and expanding United Bankshares’
geographic presence and synergies are not realized in the time frame anticipated or at all as a result of changes in general
economic and market conditions, interest and exchange rates, monetary policy, laws and regulations (including changes to
capital requirements) and their enforcement, and the degree of competition in the geographic and business areas in which the
companies operate;

 

 •  The ability to promptly and effectively integrate the businesses of United Bankshares and Cardinal;
 

 •  Reputational risks and the reaction of the companies’ customers to the merger;
 

 •  Diversion of management time on merger related issues;
 

 •  Changes in asset quality and credit risk;
 

 •  The inability to sustain revenue and earnings;
 

 •  Changes in interest rates and capital markets;
 

 •  Inflation;
 

28



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 40/233

Table of Contents

 •  Customer acceptance of United Bankshares products and services;
 

 •  Customer borrowing, repayment, investment and deposit practices;
 

 •  Customer disintermediation;
 

 •  The introduction, withdrawal, success and timing of business initiatives;
 

 •  Competitive conditions;
 

 •  The impact, extent and timing of technological changes;
 

 •  Changes in fiscal and monetary policies, including changes in tax laws, and their effects on markets and customers; and
 

 
•  Changes in regulations and other actions of the Federal Reserve Board and federal and state banking regulators, and legislative

and regulatory actions and reforms, including those associated with the Dodd-Frank Act and the Volcker Rule, and the new
regulatory capital rules under Basel III.

Because these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions and uncertainties, actual results may differ materially from
those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements, which
speak only as of the date of this document or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this document.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the merger or other matters addressed in this document and
attributable to United Bankshares or Cardinal or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary
statements contained or referred to in this document. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, United Bankshares and
Cardinal undertake no obligation to update these forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this
document or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.
 

29



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 41/233

Table of Contents

SUMMARY SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA

The following tables set forth certain summary historical consolidated financial information for United Bankshares and Cardinal. The
balance sheet data and income statement data of each of United Bankshares and Cardinal as of and for the five years in the period ended
December 31, 2015 are taken from the audited consolidated financial statements of United Bankshares and Cardinal, respectively.

The following information should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements of each of United
Bankshares and Cardinal that can be found in their respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015 and
with the unaudited consolidated financial statements of each of United Bankshares and Cardinal in their Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
for the periods ended September 30, 2016 and September 30, 2015. See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141 for
instructions on how to obtain this information.
 

30



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 42/233

Table of Contents

UNITED BANKSHARES SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
 

  
At or For the Nine Months

Ended September 30,   Year Ended December 31,  
  2016   2015   2015   2014   2013   2012   2011  
  (In thousands, except share and per share data)  
Summary of Operations:        
Total interest income  $ 344,720  $ 316,390  $ 423,630  $ 418,542  $ 306,154  $ 323,897  $ 316,522 
Total interest expense   32,642   29,421   39,506   42,834   36,313   46,190   55,794 
Net interest income   312,078   286,969   384,124   375,708   269,841   277,707   260,728 
Provision for loan losses   18,690   16,252   22,574   21,937   19,267   17,862   17,141 
Net interest income after provision for loan losses   293,388   270,717   361,550   353,771   250,574   259,845   243,587 
Other income   53,380   55,501   73,626   80,962   66,506   64,842   49,055 
Other expense   185,688   173,069   231,687   239,847   192,036   203,206   182,266 
Income before income taxes   161,080   153,149   203,489   194,886   125,044   121,481   110,376 
Income taxes   53,103   48,666   65,530   64,998   39,416   38,874   34,766 
Net income   107,977   104,483   137,959   129,888   85,628   82,607   75,610 
Cash dividends   73,381   66,700   89,667   88,522   62,981   62,351   56,827 
Per common share:        
Net income:        

Basic   1.49   1.51   1.99   1.93   1.70   1.64   1.62 
Diluted   1.48   1.50   1.98   1.92   1.70   1.64   1.61 

Cash dividends   0.99   0.96   1.29   1.28   1.25   1.24   1.21 
Book value per share   26.54   24.58   24.61   23.90   20.66   19.74   19.29 
Common shares outstanding-end of period   76,439,173   69,562,048   69,603,097   69,295,859   50,430,267   50,276,573   50,212,948 
Average number of common shares outstanding:        

Basic   72,413,246   69,302,180   69,334,849   67,404,254   50,353,452   50,265,620   46,803,432 
Diluted   72,746,363   69,586,287   69,625,531   67,648,673   50,426,078   50,298,019   46,837,363 

Performance Data:        
Return on average shareholders’ equity   7.73%   8.25%   8.10%   8.13%   8.43%   8.35%   8.50% 
Return on average assets   1.10%   1.14%   1.12%   1.11%   1.02%   0.98%   0.97% 
Net interest margin   3.62%   3.59%   3.58%   3.71%   3.68%   3.81%   3.87% 
Loans to deposits   98.65%   96.52%   100.46%   100.65%   101.25%   96.42%   91.37% 
Dividend payout ratio   67.96%   63.84%   65.00%   68.15%   73.55%   75.48%   75.16% 
Selected Balance Sheet Data:        
Average assets  $13,104,398  $12,227,753  $12,265,115  $11,652,776  $ 8,419,456  $ 8,399,513  $ 7,780,836 
Investment securities   1,462,566   1,236,592   1,204,182   1,316,040   889,342   729,402   824,219 
Loans held for sale   10,957   11,602   10,681   8,680   4,236   17,762   3,902 
Total loans   10,435,763   9,173,657   9,384,080   9,104,652   6,704,583   6,511,416   6,230,777 
Allowance for loan losses   72,657   75,480   75,726   75,529   74,198   73,901   73,874 
Total assets   14,344,696   12,556,929   12,577,944   12,328,811   8,735,324   8,420,013   8,451,470 
Total deposits   10,578,332   9,504,896   9,341,527   9,045,485   6,621,571   6,752,986   6,819,010 
Short-term borrowings   467,159   322,711   423,028   435,652   430,754   314,962   254,766 
Long-term borrowings   1,172,504   939,401   1,015,249   1,105,314   575,697   284,926   345,366 
Total liabilities   12,316,017   10,847,088   10,865,309   10,672,651   7,693,592   7,427,762   7,482,626 
Shareholders’ equity   2,028,679   1,709,841   1,712,635   1,656,160   1,041,732   992,251   968,844 
Asset Quality Ratios:        
Nonperforming assets to total assets   0.99%   1.27%   1.26%   1.20%   1.37%   1.69%   1.56% 
Nonperforming loans to total loans   1.05%   1.36%   1.35%   1.20%   1.21%   1.43%   1.28% 
Net loan charge-offs to average loans   0.30%   0.24%   0.25%   0.24%   0.29%   0.28%   0.29% 
Allowance for loan losses to total loans   0.70%   0.82%   0.81%   0.83%   1.11%   1.13%   1.19% 
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans   66.21%   60.36%   59.76%   69.32%   91.46%   79.63%   92.73% 
Regulatory Capital Ratios:        
Common Equity Tier I risk-based capital   10.13%   9.73%   9.67%   n/a   n/a   n/a   n/a 
Tier I risk-based capital   12.15%   11.97%   11.87%   12.26%   12.51%   12.44%   12.57% 
Total risk-based capital   12.79%   12.71%   12.59%   13.15%   13.71%   13.67%   13.83% 
Tier I leverage   10.49%   10.59%   10.70%   10.31%   10.72%   10.62%   10.22% 
 

31



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 43/233

Table of Contents

CARDINAL SUMMARY CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA
 

  
At or For the Nine Months

Ended September 30,   Year Ended December 31,  
   2016   2015   2015   2014   2013   2012   2011  
  (In thousands, except share and per share data)  
Summary of Operations:        
Total interest income  $ 114,722  $ 103,379  $ 140,465  $ 128,863  $ 114,115  $ 115,050  $ 102,978 
Total interest expense   19,527   17,456   24,071   21,163   21,770   24,047   23,716 
Net interest income   95,195   85,923   116,394   107,700   92,345   91,003   79,162 
Provision for loan losses   1,670   939   1,388   1,938   (32)   7,123   6,910 
Net interest income after provision for loan losses   93,525   84,984   115,006   105,762   92,377   83,880   72,252 
Total Non-interest income   53,247   43,600   52,692   39,178   29,911   63,392   34,333 
Total Non-interest expense   86,743   71,016   96,298   96,228   84,603   79,317   64,465 
Income before income taxes   60,029   57,568   71,400   48,712   37,685   67,955   42,120 
Provision for income taxes   20,339   19,249   24,066   16,029   12,175   22,658   14,122 
Net income   39,690   38,319   47,334   32,683   25,510   45,297   27,998 
Cash dividends   11,693   10,616   14,160   10,877   6,964   5,892   3,474 
Per Common Share:        
Net income:        

Basic  $ 1.20  $ 1.17  $ 1.45  $ 1.01  $ 0.83  $ 1.53  $ 0.95 
Diluted  $ 1.18  $ 1.15  $ 1.43  $ 1.00  $ 0.82  $ 1.51  $ 0.94 

Cash dividends   0.36   0.33   0.44   0.34   0.23   0.20   0.12 
Book value per share  $ 13.77  $ 12.58  $ 12.76  $ 11.76  $ 10.57  $ 10.19  $ 8.83 
Common shares outstanding-end of period   32,803,000   32,209,000   32,373,000   32,078,000   30,333,000   30,226,000   29,199,000 
Average number of common shares outstanding:        

Basic   33,070,838   32,710,435   32,744,000   32,392,000   30,687,000   29,654,000   29,401,000 
Diluted   33,576,873   33,191,915   33,208,000   32,824,000   31,077,000   29,996,000   29,784,000 

Performance Data:   
Return on average shareholders’ equity   12.11%   12.81%   11.76%   8.82%   7.96%   16.02%   11.58% 
Return on average assets   1.29%   1.43%   1.29%   1.02%   0.92%   1.70%   1.27% 
Net interest margin   3.32%   3.40%   3.37%   3.59%   3.52%   3.61%   3.81% 
Loans to deposits   100.01%   99.30%   100.78%   101.81%   99.09%   80.38%   91.92% 
Dividend payout ratio   29.46%   27.70%   29.92%   33.28%   27.30%   13.01%   12.41% 
Selected Balance Sheet Data:        
Average assets  $ 4,096,474  $ 3,580,561  $ 3,668,858  $ 3,196,560  $ 2,783,248  $ 2,671,633  $ 2,206,946 
Investment securities   397,888   430,345   423,794   348,222   359,686   286,420   310,543 
Loans held for sale   432,350   377,878   383,768   315,323   373,993   785,751   529,500 
Total loans   3,224,823   2,918,057   3,056,310   2,581,114   2,040,168   1,803,429   1,631,882 
Allowance for loan losses   33,641   31,572   31,723   28,275   27,864   27,400   26,159 
Total assets   4,219,648   3,881,736   4,029,921   3,399,134   2,894,230   3,039,187   2,602,716 
Total deposits   3,224,500   2,938,748   3,032,771   2,535,330   2,058,859   2,243,758   1,775,260 
Short-term borrowings   215,457   214,647   218,581   183,656   239,613   156,656   274,766 
Long-term borrowings   249,419   254,372   319,384   254,339   235,619   235,619   235,619 
Total liabilities   3,767,811   3,476,513   3,616,774   3,021,813   2,573,698   2,731,121   2,344,899 
Shareholders’ equity   451,837   405,223   413,147   377,321   320,532   308,066   257,817 
Asset Quality Ratios:        
Nonperforming assets to total assets   0.00%   0.02%   0.01%   0.13%   0.08%   0.25%   0.57% 
Nonperforming loans to total loans   0.00%   0.02%   0.02%   0.17%   0.11%   0.42%   0.91% 
Net loan charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans   (0.01)%   (0.12)%   (0.07)%   0.06%   (0.03)%   0.35%   0.34% 
Allowance for loan losses to total loans   1.04%   1.08%   1.04%   1.10%   1.37%   1.52%   1.60% 
Allowance for loan losses to nonperforming loans   null   4,948.59%   6,100.58%   628.75%   1,204.15%   359.30%   176.45% 
Regulatory Capital Ratios:        
Common Equity Tier I risk-based capital   10.58%   9.91%   9.86%   n/a   n/a   n/a   n/a 
Tier I risk-based capital   11.23%   10.59%   10.52%   10.89%   11.85%   11.94%   11.29% 
Total risk-based capital   12.11%   11.47%   11.37%   11.78%   12.89%   13.04%   12.49% 
Tier I leverage   10.33%   10.46%   10.18%   10.81%   11.70%   10.49%   10.14% 
 

32



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 44/233

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information combines the historical consolidated financial
position and results of operations of United Bankshares and its subsidiaries and of Cardinal and its subsidiaries, as an acquisition by
United Bankshares of Cardinal using the acquisition method of accounting and giving effect to the related pro forma adjustments described
in the accompanying notes. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of Cardinal will be recorded by United
Bankshares at their respective fair values as of the date the merger is completed. The pro forma financial information should be read in
conjunction with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2016 and Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
calendar year ended December 31, 2015 of both United Bankshares and Cardinal, which are incorporated by reference herein. See “Where
You Can Find More Information” on page 141, “Information about Cardinal” on page 124 and “Summary Selected Financial Data –
 Cardinal Summary Consolidated Financial Data” on page 32.

The merger was announced on August 18, 2016, and provides that each outstanding share of Cardinal common stock will be
canceled and converted into the right to receive 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock. Any shares of Cardinal common stock
that are owned by Cardinal, United Bankshares or any of their respective subsidiaries, other than in a fiduciary capacity, will be canceled
without any consideration. At the effective time of the merger, Cardinal’s outstanding stock options will be converted into options to
purchase United Bankshares common stock. The number of United Bankshares common shares for which the stock options will become
exercisable and the exercise price will be adjusted to reflect the exchange ratio.

The merger is intended to be treated as a “reorganization” for federal income tax purposes and United Bankshares and Cardinal
shareholders are not expected to recognize, for federal income tax purposes, any gain or loss on the merger, or the receipt of shares of
United Bankshares common stock. For more information, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” on page
121.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet gives effect to the merger as if the transaction had occurred on
September 30, 2016. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined income statements for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and
the year ended December 31, 2015, give effect to the merger as if the transaction had occurred on January 1, 2015.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included herein is presented for informational purposes only and
does not necessarily reflect the financial results of the combined companies had the companies actually been combined at the beginning of
the periods presented. The adjustments included in this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information are preliminary
and may be revised. This information also does not reflect transaction costs, the benefits of the expected cost savings and expense
efficiencies, opportunities to earn additional revenue, potential impacts of current market conditions on revenues or asset dispositions,
among other factors, and includes various preliminary estimates and may not necessarily be indicative of the financial position or results of
operations that would have occurred if the merger had been consummated on the date or at the beginning of the period indicated or that
may be attained in the future. The pro forma financials also give effect to the issuance by United Bankshares of 4,330,000 shares of
common stock on December 21, 2016, as if the issuance had occurred on January 1, 2015. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information should be read in conjunction with and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the historical consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto of United Bankshares and its subsidiaries, which are incorporated in this document by reference, and
the historical consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto of Cardinal and its subsidiaries, which are also incorporated by
reference. See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141, “Summary Selected Financial Data – United Bankshares Summary
Consolidated Financial Data” on page 31, and “Summary Selected Financial Data –Cardinal Summary Consolidated Financial Data” on
page 32.
 

33



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 45/233

Table of Contents

UNITED BANKSHARES
SELECTED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION (UNAUDITED)

(Dollars in thousands)
 
   Nine Months Ended   Year Ended  
   September 30, 2016    December 31, 2015 
INCOME STATEMENT:     
Net interest income   $ 410,024   $ 504,271 
Provision for loan losses    20,360    23,962 

    
 

    
 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses    389,664    480,309 
Noninterest income    106,627    126,318 
Noninterest expense    275,366    332,507 

    
 

    
 

Income before income taxes    220,925    274,120 
Income taxes    73,374    89,311 

    
 

    
 

Net income    147,551    184,809 

   
As of September 30,

2016      
BALANCE SHEET:     
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 1,365,656   
Net loans    13,551,007   
Total assets    19,189,147   
Deposits    13,803,214   
Borrowings    2,110,470   
Shareholders’ equity    3,099,071   
 

34



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 46/233

Table of Contents

PRO FORMA CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET (UNAUDITED)
UNITED BANKSHARES
As of September 30, 2016

 

   
 

As Reported     

United
Bankshares &

Cardinal
Pro Forma
Combined  (In thousands)   

United
Bankshares   Cardinal   

Proforma
Adjustments  

ASSETS       
Cash and due from bank   $ 165,830  $ 23,928  $ 199,741  (a)  $ 389,499 
Interest-bearing deposits with other banks    951,951   20,690     972,641 
Federal funds sold and securities purchased under

agreements to resell    725   2,791     3,516 
Securities available for sale    1,311,220   387,150     1,698,370 
Securities held to maturity    33,971   3,780   (421)  (b)   37,330 
Securities – trading    0   6,958     6,958 
Securities – other    117,375   18,736     136,111 
Loans held for sale    10,957   432,350     443,307 
Loans (net of unearned income)    10,435,763   3,224,823   (36,922)  (c)   13,623,664 
Less: allowance for loan losses    (72,657)   (33,641)   33,641  (d)   (72,657) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net loans    10,363,106   3,191,182   (3,281)    13,551,007 
Bank premises and equipment    76,619   24,190     100,809 
Goodwill    867,311   35,007   410,693  (e)   1,313,011 
Other intangibles    24,112   1,108   22,802  (f)   48,022 
Other assets    421,519   71,778   (4,731)  (g)   488,566 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total Assets   $14,344,696  $4,219,648  $ 624,803   $19,189,147 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY       
Noninterest-bearing deposits   $ 3,250,455  $ 757,184    $ 4,007,639 
Interest-bearing deposits    7,327,877   2,467,316   382  (h)   9,795,575 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total deposits    10,578,332   3,224,500   382    13,803,214 
Federal funds purchased    32,200   45,000     77,200 
Securities sold under agreements to repurchase    359,959   120,457     480,416 
FHLB borrowings    1,023,375   275,000   5,931  (h)   1,304,306 
Other long-term borrowings    224,129   24,419     248,548 
Other liabilities    98,022   78,435   (65)  (a)   176,392 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total Liabilities    12,316,017   3,767,811   6,248    16,090,076 
SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY:       

Common stock    191,169   32,803   36,248  (a)(i)(j)  260,220 
Surplus    1,007,315   214,941   786,510  (a)(i)(j)  2,008,766 
Retained earnings    859,199   194,300   (194,410)  (a)(i)   859,089 
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income    (28,029)   9,793   (9,793)  (i)   (28,029) 
Treasury stock    (975)   0     (975) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total Shareholders’ equity    2,028,679   451,837   618,555    3,099,071 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders’
Equity   $14,344,696  $4,219,648  $ 624,803   $19,189,147 

    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

See notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 

35



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 47/233

Table of Contents

PRO FORMA CONDENSED INCOME STATEMENT (UNAUDITED)
UNITED BANKSHARES

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016
 

   
 

As Reported    
Pro Forma

Adjustments

 

United
Bankshares  &

Cardinal
Pro Forma
Combined  (In thousands, except share data)   

United
Bankshares    Cardinal     

Interest income
  $ 344,720   $ 114,722   $ 956  

(k)
(l)  $ 460,398 

Interest expense    32,642    19,527    (1,795)  (m)  50,374 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Net Interest Income    312,078    95,195    2,751    410,024 
Provision for loan losses    18,690    1,670      20,360 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net interest income after provision for loan
losses    293,388    93,525    2,751    389,664 

Non-interest income    53,380    53,247      106,627 
Non-interest expense    185,688    86,743    2,935  (n)   275,366 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Income Before Income Taxes    161,080    60,029    (184)    220,925 
Provision for income taxes    53,103    20,339    (68)  (o)   73,374 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net Income   $ 107,977   $ 39,690   ($ 116)   $ 147,551 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Net income per common share:         
Basic   $ 1.49   $ 1.20     $ 1.47 
Diluted   $ 1.48   $ 1.18     $ 1.46 

Average common shares outstanding         
Basic    72,413,246    33,070,838    (5,260,543)  (p)   100,223,541 
Diluted    72,746,363    33,576,873    (5,407,293)  (p)   100,915,943 

See notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 

36



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 48/233

Table of Contents

PRO FORMA CONDENSED INCOME STATEMENT (UNAUDITED)
UNITED BANKSHARES

For the Year Ended December 31, 2015
 
   As Reported      

United
Bankshares  &

Cardinal
Pro Forma
Combined  (In thousands, except share data)   

United
Bankshares    Cardinal    

Pro Forma
Adjustments  

Interest income
  $ 423,630   $ 140,465   $ 1,274  

(k)
(l)  $ 565,369 

Interest expense    39,506    24,071    (2,479)  (m)  61,098 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Net Interest Income    384,124    116,394    3,753    504,271 
Provision for loan losses    22,574    1,388      23,962 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net interest income after provision for loan
losses    361,550    115,006    3,753    480,309 

Non-interest income    73,626    52,692      126,318 
Non-interest expense

   231,687    96,298    4,522  
(a)
(n)   332,507 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Income Before Income Taxes    203,489    71,400    (769)    274,120 
Provision for income taxes    65,530    24,066    (284)  (o)   89,312 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Net Income   $ 137,959   $ 47,334   ($ 485)   $ 184,808 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Net income per common share:         
Basic   $ 1.99   $ 1.45     $ 1.91 
Diluted   $ 1.98   $ 1.43     $ 1.89 

Average common shares outstanding         
Basic    69,334,849    32,744,154    (5,165,805)  (p)   96,913,198 
Diluted    69,625,531    33,208,266    (5,300,397)  (p)   97,533,400 

See notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 
 

(1) From audited financial statements as of December 31, 2015.

NOTE A – BASIS OF PRESENTATION

After the close of business on August 17, 2016, United Bankshares entered into the merger agreement with Cardinal. In accordance
with the merger agreement, Cardinal will merge with and into UBV Holding Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares.
At the effective time of the merger, Cardinal will cease to exist and UBV Holding Company shall survive and continue to exist as a
Virginia limited liability company.

The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger, each outstanding share of common stock of Cardinal will be
converted into the right to receive 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock, par value $2.50 per share. There may be an
adjustment to the fixed number of shares of United Bankshares common stock that will be issued to Cardinal shareholders based upon
changes in the market price of United Bankshares common stock and the NASDAQ Bank Index prior to the closing. However, any
changes to the fixed number of shares of United Bankshares common stock will not increase the per share value that Cardinal shareholders
will receive in the merger from the value calculated using the pre-announcement market price of United Bankshares common stock.
Furthermore, the Cardinal board of directors may terminate the merger agreement if the market price of United Bankshares common stock
falls more than 20% on an actual basis and 15% on a relative basis to the NASDAQ Bank Index prior to the closing, in which case the
merger will not occur if United Bankshares is not willing to adjust the merger consideration accordingly in accordance with the terms of
the merger agreement.

Pursuant to the merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger, Cardinal’s outstanding stock options will be converted into
options to purchase United Bankshares’ common stock.
 

37

(1)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 49/233

Table of Contents

After the effective time of the merger, Cardinal Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal, will merge with and into United Bank,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBV Holding Company. United Bank will survive the bank merger and continue to exist as a Virginia
banking corporation.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of United Bankshares’ financial condition and results of
operations, including per share data, are presented after giving effect to the merger. The pro forma financial information assumes that the
merger with Cardinal was consummated on January 1, 2015 for purposes of the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
income and on September 30, 2016 for purposes of the pro forma balance sheet and gives effect to the merger, for purposes of the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of income, as if it had been effective during the entire period presented. The pro
forma financials also give effect to the issuance by United Bankshares of 4,330,000 shares of common stock on December 21, 2016, as if
the issuance had occurred on January 1, 2015.

The merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting; accordingly, the difference between the purchase price
over the estimated fair value of the assets acquired (including identifiable intangible assets) and liabilities assumed will be recorded as
goodwill.

The pro forma financial information includes estimated adjustments to record the assets and liabilities of Cardinal at their respective
fair values and represents management’s estimates based on available information. The pro forma adjustments included herein may be
revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analysis is performed. The final allocation of the purchase price will
be determined after the merger is completed and after completion of a final analysis to determine the fair values of Cardinal’s tangible, and
identifiable intangible, assets and liabilities as of the closing date.

NOTE B – PRO FORMA ADJUSTMENTS

(In thousands, except share data)

The following pro forma adjustments have been reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. All
adjustments are based on current valuations, estimates and assumptions that are subject to change.
 

 
(a) In anticipation of the merger, United Bankshares raised capital through an issuance of 4,330,000 shares of common stock on

December 21, 2016. Issuance expenses are estimated to be approximately $175, before income taxes. Therefore, United
Bankshares expects to receive net proceeds of $199,741 from the issuance.

 

 
(b) A fair value adjustment was recorded to Cardinal’s held-to-maturity investment portfolio based on quoted market prices or

prices quoted for similar financial instruments as well as the use of internal calculations and through information provided by
external pricing sources.

 

 

(c) A fair value adjustment was recorded to Cardinal’s outstanding loan portfolio. This fair value adjustment was based on (1)
current market interest rates and spreads including consideration for liquidity concerns and (2) United Bankshares’ initial
evaluation of credit deterioration identified in the Cardinal’s loan portfolio. Loans were adjusted for credit deterioration of the
acquired portfolio in the amount of $33,641, which represented a mark of approximately 1% on Cardinal’s outstanding loan
portfolio. Of the $33,641 credit mark, approximately 15%, or $5,046, is estimated to be an accretable adjustment. A further
downward fair value adjustment to reflect differences in interest rates in the amount of $3,281 was also recorded. Subsequent to
the completion of the merger, United Bankshares will use an independent third party to determine the fair value of the acquired
loans that could be significantly change the amount of the estimated fair value adjustment.

 

 
(d) The allowance for loan losses of Cardinal is eliminated. Purchased loans acquired in a business combination are required to be

recorded at fair value and the recorded allowance of the acquired company may not be carried over.
 

38



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 50/233

Table of Contents

 

(e) Previous goodwill in the amount of $35,007 of Cardinal is eliminated. Goodwill of $445,700 generated as a result of the total
purchase price based on United Bankshares’ stock price of $37.075 as of October 27, 2016 and the fair value of assets
purchased exceeding the fair value of liabilities assumed is recorded. The following table depicts the sensitivity of the purchase
price and resulting goodwill to changes in the price of United Bankshares’ common stock.

 

(Unaudited, in thousands)   
Purchase

Price    
Estimated
Goodwill  

As presented in pro forma   $870,586   $445,700 
Up 10%    958,488    533,602 
Down 10%    782,733    357,847 

 

 

(f) Previous other intangibles in the amount of $1,108 of Cardinal is eliminated. New amount of $23,910 representing United
Bankshares’ estimate of the fair value of the core deposit intangible asset to be recorded. The estimate represents a 1.25%
premium on Cardinal’s core deposits. The actual amount of such core deposit intangible asset will be determined at the
completion of the merger and will be valued by an independent third party that could change the amount of the adjustment
significantly.

 

 
(g) Deferred taxes associated with the adjustments to record the assets and liabilities of Cardinal at fair value were recognized using

United Bankshares’ statutory rate of 37%.
 

 

(h) A fair value adjustment was recorded to Cardinal’s outstanding deposit liabilities ($382) and FHLB borrowings ($5,931), to
reflect current market interest rates and spreads for comparable instruments. Upon completion of the merger, United Bankshares
will use an independent third party to determine the fair value of the assumed deposit liabilities and FHLB borrowings.
Subsequent to the closing of the merger, the amount and timing of the estimated fair value adjustments could be revised
significantly.

 

 (i) Adjustments representing the elimination of the historical equity of Cardinal as part of the purchase accounting adjustments.
 

 
(j) Recognition of the equity portion of the merger consideration. The adjustment to common stock represents the $2.50 par value

of shares of United Bankshares common stock issued to effect the transaction. The adjustment to surplus represents in the
amount of equity consideration above the par value of United Bankshares’ common stock issued.

 

 
(k) Represents the accretion of the fair value adjustment on held-to-maturity securities assuming the merger closed on January 1,

2015. This consists of an accretion of $63 and $84, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year
ended December 31, 2015. The average remaining life of the securities is approximately 5 years.

 

 

(l) Represents the accretion of the fair value adjustment on portfolio loans assuming the merger closed on January 1, 2015. This
consists of an accretion of $541 and $721, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended
December 31, 2015 related to the accretable adjustment related to the credit mark on the acquired loans. In addition, accretion
of $352 and $469, respectively, was included for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and the year ended December 31,
2015 related to the interest rate adjustment on the acquired loans. The average remaining life of the loans is approximately 7
years.

 

 
(m) Represents net amortization of the premium on deposits and FHLB borrowings assuming the merger closed on January 1, 2015.

For purposes of the pro forma financial information, the following table reflects the respective amortization (accretion) amounts
using the straight-line method and the average remaining life for each individual liability.

 
39



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 51/233

Table of Contents

(Unaudited, dollars in thousands)   

Average
Remaining
Life (Years)   

For the
Nine Months

Ended
September 30,

2016    

For the
Year

Ended
December 31, 2015 

Deposits    1.50   $ 127   $ 255 
FHLB borrowings    2.66    1,668    2,224 

 

 
(n) Represents the amortization of the core deposit intangible to be acquired in the merger over an estimated useful life of ten years

using the sum-of-the years digits method assuming the merger closed on January 1, 2015. The estimated amount of the
amortization is $2,935 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and $4,347 for the year ended December 31, 2015.

 

 
(o) Applicable income taxes at a 37% rate less deferred taxes associated with the net amortization and accretion of the purchase

accounting adjustments.
 

 
(p) Weighted-average basic and diluted shares outstanding were adjusted to give effect to the common stock issuance and the

merger transaction.

NOTE C – PRO FORMA ALLOCATION OF PURCHASE PRICE

The following table shows the pro forma allocation of the consideration paid for Cardinal’s common equity to the acquired
identifiable assets and liabilities assumed and the pro forma goodwill generated from the transaction:
 
Purchase price:   

Fair value of common shares issued (23,290,381 shares), based on United Bankshares’ stock price of $37.075 as of
October 27, 2016   $ 863,491 

Fair value of stock options assumed    7,095 
    

 

Total purchase price    870,586 
Identifiable assets:   

Cash and cash equivalents    47,409 
Investment securities    416,203 
Loans held for sale    432,350 
Loans    3,187,901 
Premises and equipment    24,190 
Core deposit intangibles    23,910 
Other assets    67,047 

    
 

Total identifiable assets   $4,199,010 
Identifiable liabilities:   

Deposits   $3,224,882 
Short-term borrowings    215,457 
Long-term borrowings    255,350 
Other liabilities    78,435 

    
 

Total identifiable liabilities    3,774,124 
    

 

Net assets acquired including identifiable intangible assets    424,886 
    

 

Resulting goodwill   $ 445,700 
    

 

 
40



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 52/233

Table of Contents

NOTE D – ESTIMATED AMORTIZATION/ACCRETION OF ACQUISITION ACCOUNTING ADJUSTMENTS

The following table sets forth an estimate of the expected effects of the estimated aggregate acquisition accounting adjustments
reflected in the pro forma combined financial statements on the future pre-tax net income of United Bankshares after the merger with
Cardinal:
 
   For the Years Ended December 31,  
(Unaudited, in thousands)   2017   2018   2019   2020   2021  
Held-to-maturity investment securities   $ 84  $ 84  $ 84  $ 84  $ 84 
Loans, net of unearned income    1,190   1,190   1,190   1,190   1,190 
Deposits    255   127   0   0   0 
Core deposit intangible    (4,347)   (3,913)   (3,478)   (3,043)   (2,608) 
FHLB borrowings    2,224   2,224   1,483   0   0 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Decrease in pre-tax income   $ (594)  $ (288)  $ (721)  $(1,769)  $(1,334) 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

The actual effect of purchase accounting adjustments on the future pre-tax income of United Bankshares will differ from these
estimates based on the estimates of fair values as of the effective date of the merger and the use of different amortization methods than
assumed above.

NOTE E – ESTIMATED COST SAVINGS AND MERGER-RELATED COSTS

Estimated cost savings, expected to approximate 25% of Cardinal’s annualized pre-tax operating expenses, are excluded from the pro
forma analysis. Cost savings are estimated to be realized at 50% in the first year after acquisition and 100% in subsequent years. In
addition, estimated merger-related costs are not included in the pro forma combined statements of income since they will be recorded in
the combined results of income as they are incurred prior to or after completion of the merger and not indicative of what historical results
of the combined company would have been had the companies been actually combined during the periods presented. Merger-related costs
are estimated to be approximately $46 million, before-tax.
 

41



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 53/233

Table of Contents

PRICE RANGE OF COMMON STOCK AND DIVIDENDS

United Bankshares common stock is traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “UBSI”. Cardinal common stock is traded on Nasdaq under
the symbol “CFNL”. The closing sale price reported for United Bankshares common stock on August 17, 2016, the last trading date
preceding the public announcement of the merger agreement, was $38.91 and the closing sale price reported for Cardinal on such date was
$27.23.

The following table sets forth for the periods indicated the high and low prices per share of United Bankshares common stock and
Cardinal common stock as reported on the Nasdaq, along with the quarterly cash dividends per share declared. The per share prices do not
include adjustments for markups, markdowns or commissions.
 

   United Bankshares    Cardinal  
   Sales Price    Sales Price  
Time Period   Dividends   High    Low    Dividends   High    Low  
2017             
First Quarter (through February 9, 2017)   $ —     $47.30   $42.70   $ 0.13   $33.49   $29.88 

2016             
Fourth Quarter   $ 0.33   $49.35   $36.52   $ 0.12   $34.75   $25.30 
Third Quarter   $ 0.33   $39.71   $35.91   $ 0.12   $28.16   $20.89 
Second Quarter   $ 0.33   $40.18   $34.50   $ 0.12   $23.16   $19.21 
First Quarter   $ 0.33   $37.85   $32.22   $ 0.12   $22.62   $17.51 

2015             
Fourth Quarter   $ 0.33   $43.13   $35.78   $ 0.12   $24.99   $21.68 
Third Quarter   $ 0.32   $43.43   $35.60   $ 0.11   $24.20   $ 21.11 
Second Quarter   $ 0.32   $40.70   $36.58   $ 0.11   $22.47   $19.72 
First Quarter   $ 0.32   $38.88   $33.25   $ 0.11   $20.52   $17.62 

As of February 1, 2017, the last date prior to printing this prospectus and joint proxy statement for which it was practicable to obtain
this information, there were approximately 6,577 holders of record of United Bankshares common stock and approximately 695 holders of
record of Cardinal common stock.

The following table sets forth historical per share market values for United Bankshares common stock (i) on August 17, 2016, the
last trading day prior to public announcement of the merger agreement, and (ii) on February 9, 2017, the most recent practicable date
before the printing and mailing of this prospectus and joint proxy statement. The table also shows the equivalent pro forma market value of
Cardinal common stock on those dates.

The equivalent pro forma market value of Cardinal common stock is obtained by multiplying the historical market price of United
Bankshares common stock by the applicable exchange ratio. For purposes of determining the equivalent pro forma market value and the
applicable exchange ratio, we have assumed that the average closing price of a share of United Bankshares common stock is equal to the
historical market price on August 17, 2016 and February 9, 2017. Accordingly, the pro forma market value (i) on August 17, 2016 is
determined by multiplying $38.91 by the exchange ratio of 0.71 and (ii) on February 9, 2017 is determined by multiplying $43.55 by the
exchange ratio of 0.71.

The historical market prices represent the last sale prices on or before the dates indicated. The average closing price of United
Bankshares common stock used to determine the exchange ratio and the market price may be higher or lower than the closing prices of
United Bankshares common stock on the dates shown in the table and, therefore, the market value of the United Bankshares common
stock that you receive may be higher or lower than the equivalent pro forma market value shown in the table.
 

42



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 54/233

Table of Contents

Historical Market Price
 

   
United

Bankshares   Cardinal   

Cardinal
Equivalent Pro 

Forma
Market Value  

August 17, 2016   $ 38.91   $ 27.23   $ 27.63 
February 9, 2017   $ 43.55   $ 30.58   $ 30.92 

Once the merger is completed, there will be no further private or public market for Cardinal common stock.

The market prices of both United Bankshares common stock and Cardinal common stock will fluctuate prior to the merger. Cardinal
shareholders should obtain current stock price quotations for United Bankshares common stock.
 

43



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 55/233

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA UNAUDITED SHARE DATA

We have summarized below historical, unaudited per share information for United Bankshares and Cardinal and additional
information as if the companies had been combined for the periods shown, which we refer to as “pro forma” information.

The Cardinal pro forma equivalent per share amounts are calculated by multiplying the United Bankshares pro forma combined book
value per share and net income per share by the exchange ratio of 0.71 so that the per share amounts equate to the respective values for one
share of Cardinal common stock.

We expect that both United Bankshares and Cardinal will incur merger and integration charges as a result of the merger. We also
anticipate that the merger will provide the combined company with financial benefits that may include reduced operating expenses. The
information set forth below, while helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined company under one set of
assumptions, may not reflect all of these anticipated financial expenses and does not reflect all of these anticipated financial benefits or
consider any potential impacts of current market conditions or the merger or revenues, expense efficiencies, asset dispositions, and share
repurchases, among other factors, and, accordingly, does not attempt to predict or suggest future results. It also does not necessarily reflect
what the historical results of the combined company would have been had our companies been combined during the periods presented.

In addition, the information set forth below has been prepared based on preliminary estimates of merger consideration and fair values
attributable to the merger, the actual amounts recorded for the merger may differ from the information presented. The estimation and
allocations of merger consideration are subject to change pending further review of the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities
assumed and actual transaction costs. A final determination of fair value will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets and
liabilities of Cardinal that will exist on the date of completion of the merger.

The information in the following table is based on, and you should read it together with, the historical financial information and the
notes thereto for United Bankshares and Cardinal incorporated by reference into, or contained in, this prospectus and joint proxy
statement.
 
   Historical       Pro

Forma
Equivalent
Cardinal
Financial

Share     
United

Bankshares   
Cardinal
Financial   

Pro
Forma

Combined  
Basic Earnings Per Common Share        

For the year ended December 31, 2015   $ 1.99   $ 1.45   $ 1.91   $ 1.35  
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   $ 1.49   $ 1.20   $ 1.47   $ 1.05  

Diluted Earnings Per Common Share        
For the year ended December 31, 2015   $ 1.98   $ 1.43   $ 1.89   $ 1.35  
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   $ 1.48   $ 1.18   $ 1.46   $ 1.04  

Cash Dividends Per Common Share        
For the year ended December 31, 2015   $ 1.29   $ 0.44   $ 1.29   $ 0.92  
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   $ 0.99   $ 0.36   $ 0.99   $ 0.70  

Book Value Per Common Share        
For the year ended December 31, 2015   $ 24.61   $ 12.76   $ 28.72   $ 20.39  
For the nine months ended September 30, 2016   $ 26.54   $ 13.77   $ 29.78   $ 21.15  

 
(1) Pro forma earnings per common share are based on pro forma combined net income and pro forma combined shares outstanding at

the end of the period.
(2) Calculated based on pro forma combined multiplied by the exchange ratio.
(3) Pro forma dividends per share represent United Bankshares’ historical dividends per share.
(4) Calculated based on pro forma combined equity and pro forma combined common shares outstanding at the end of period.
 

44

(1) (2)

(1) (2)

(1) (2)

(1) (2)

(3) (2)

(3) (2)

(4) (2)

(4) (2)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 56/233

Table of Contents

THE UNITED BANKSHARES SPECIAL MEETING

This section contains information about the special meeting of United Bankshares shareholders that has been called to consider and
approve the merger agreement, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock in connection with the merger and the amendment to the
United Bankshares articles of incorporation.

Together with this document, United Bankshares is also sending you a notice of the special meeting and a form of proxy that is
solicited by the United Bankshares board of directors. The special meeting will be held on Friday, April 7, 2017, at 11:00 a.m., local time,
at United Square, Fifth and Avery Streets, 10th Floor, Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101.

Matters to Be Considered

The purpose of the special meeting is to vote on:
 

 (1) the United Bankshares Merger Proposal;
 

 (2) the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal;
 

 (3) the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal; and
 

 (4) the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

Proxies

Each copy of this document mailed to record holders of United Bankshares common stock is accompanied by a proxy card with
instructions for voting by mail, telephone or through the Internet. The United Bankshares board of directors requests that you submit your
proxy promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record and are voting by
mail, you should complete and return the proxy card accompanying this document to ensure that your vote is counted at the special
meeting, or at any adjournment of the special meeting, regardless of whether you plan to attend the special meeting. You may also vote
your shares by telephone or through the Internet. Information and applicable deadlines for voting by telephone and through the Internet are
set forth in the enclosed proxy card instructions.

If you hold your stock in “street name” through a broker, bank, nominee or other holder of record, you must direct your broker, bank,
nominee or other holder of record to vote in accordance with the instructions you have received from such party.

If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may revoke any proxy at any time before it is voted by signing and
returning a proxy card with a later date, delivering a written revocation letter to United Bankshares’ Corporate Secretary, or by attending
the special meeting in person, notifying the Corporate Secretary, and voting by ballot at the special meeting. If you have voted your shares
by telephone or through the Internet, you may revoke your prior telephone or Internet vote by recording a different vote, or by signing and
returning a proxy card dated as of a date that is later than your last telephone or Internet vote.

Any shareholder entitled to vote in person at the special meeting may vote in person regardless of whether a proxy has been
previously given, but the mere presence (without notifying the Corporate Secretary) of a shareholder at the special meeting will not
constitute revocation of a previously given proxy.

Written notices of revocation and other communications about revoking your proxy should be addressed to:

United Bankshares
514 Market Street
Parkersburg, West Virginia 26102
Attn: Jennie Singer

 
45



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 57/233

Table of Contents

If you hold your shares in “street name” through a broker, bank, nominee or other holder of record, you will receive a voting
instruction form directly from them. Follow the instructions on the form they provide to have your shares voted by proxy. If you wish to
attend the meeting and vote in person, you must obtain a written proxy, executed in your favor, from the broker, bank, nominee or other
holder of record to do so.

All shares represented by valid proxies that United Bankshares receives through this solicitation, and that are not revoked, will be
voted in accordance with your instructions on the proxy card or as instructed via the Internet or telephone, or with respect to shares
beneficially held in “street name”, in accordance with the voting instructions received from the appropriate bank, broker, nominee or other
holder of record.

If you make no specification on your proxy card as to how you want your shares voted before signing and returning it, your proxy
will be voted “FOR” the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, “FOR” the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal, “FOR” the
United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and “FOR” the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal. According to the United
Bankshares bylaws, business to be conducted at the special meeting must be confined to the subjects stated in the United Bankshares
notice of the special meeting.

Solicitation of Proxies

United Bankshares will bear the entire cost of soliciting proxies from its shareholders. Proxies may be solicited on its behalf by
directors, officers or employees in person or by telephone, electronic transmission, facsimile transmission or by telegram. United
Bankshares has made arrangements with Georgeson LLC of New York, New York to assist in the soliciting proxies from institutional
investors, nominee accounts and beneficial holders and has agreed to pay it approximately $7,500 plus reasonable expenses for these
services. United Bankshares is not retaining Georgeson to solicit proxies from registered holders. Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. of
Edgewood, New York will assist in the distribution of proxy materials to institutional investors and beneficial owners. Broadridge will
contact all broker and nominee accounts to facilitate determination of the number of sets of proxy materials required, assist in the delivery
of proxy materials to these accounts and secure their voting instructions. United Bankshares will reimburse Broadridge for the reasonable
expenses in taking these actions.

If necessary, United Bankshares may use several of its regular employees, who will not be specially compensated, to solicit proxies
from United Bankshares shareholders, either personally or by telephone, facsimile, letter or other electronic means.

Record Date

The close of business on February 1, 2017 has been fixed as the record date for determining the United Bankshares shareholders
entitled to receive notice of and to vote at the special meeting. At that time, 81,045,385 shares of United Bankshares common stock were
outstanding, held by approximately, 6,577 holders of record and 61,603 holders in street name.

Quorum and Voting Rights

In order to conduct voting at the special meeting, there must be a quorum. A quorum is the number of shares that must be present at
the meeting – either in person or by proxy. To have a quorum at the special meeting requires the presence of shareholders or their proxies
who are entitled to cast at least a majority of the votes that all shareholders are entitled to cast. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be
counted for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present.

As of the record date, directors and executive officers of United Bankshares had the right to vote approximately 4,668,003 shares of
United Bankshares common stock, or approximately 5.72% of the outstanding
 

46



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 58/233

Table of Contents

United Bankshares shares entitled to vote at the special meeting. United Bankshares currently expects that each of these individuals will
vote their shares of United Bankshares common stock in favor of the proposals to be presented at the special meeting.

If you are a holder of United Bankshares common stock and you submit a proxy card in which you abstain from voting, the
abstention will be counted toward a quorum at the United Bankshares special meeting, but it will have no effect on the United Bankshares
Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and the United
Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

Brokers, banks and other holders of record holding shares of United Bankshares common stock in “street name” may vote your
shares of United Bankshares common stock on the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment
Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal only if you provide
instructions on how to vote. If you do not provide instructions on how to vote by filling out the voter instruction form sent to you by your
broker, bank or other holder of record, your shares will not be voted on any proposal with respect to which you did not provide voting
instructions. Broker non-votes will have no effect on the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Articles Amendment
Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

The United Bankshares board of directors urges United Bankshares shareholders to promptly vote by: accessing the Internet
site listed in the proxy card instructions if voting through the Internet, calling the telephone number listed in the proxy card
instructions or completing, dating, and signing the accompanying proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage-
paid envelope. If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank or broker, please vote by following the voting instructions of
your bank or broker.

Shareholders will vote at the meeting by ballot. Votes properly cast at the special meeting, in person or by proxy, will be tallied by
United Bankshares’ Inspector of Election.

Attending the Special Meeting

All holders of United Bankshares common stock, including holders of record and shareholders who beneficially hold their stock
through banks, brokers, nominees or any other holder of record, are invited to attend the special meeting. Shareholders of record on the
record date can vote in person at the special meeting. If you beneficially hold your shares in “street name,” of record, you must obtain a
written proxy executed in your favor from the record holder of your shares, such as a broker, bank or other nominee, to be able to vote in
person at the special meeting. If you plan to attend the special meeting, you must either hold your shares in your own name or have a letter
from the record holder of your shares confirming your ownership, and you must bring a form of personal photo identification with you in
order to be admitted. United Bankshares reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper proof of share ownership and
without proper photo identification.
 

47



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 59/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSALS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE UNITED BANKSHARES SPECIAL MEETING

PROPOSAL NO. 1
APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

As discussed elsewhere in this prospectus and joint proxy statement, United Bankshares shareholders will consider and vote on the
United Bankshares Merger Proposal. You should carefully read this prospectus and joint proxy statement in its entirety for more detailed
information concerning the merger agreement and the merger. In particular, you should read in its entirety the merger agreement, which is
attached as Appendix A to this prospectus and joint proxy statement.

Required Vote

Approval of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a meeting at
which a quorum exists consisting of a least a majority of the shares of United Bankshares common stock. Therefore, assuming that a
quorum is present, your failure to vote or an abstention will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote for the United
Bankshares Merger Proposal. Your failure to vote could impact the existence of a quorum.

In addition to the approval by United Bankshares shareholders of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United
Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal, it is a condition to the parties’ obligation to proceed with the merger that United Bankshares
shareholders approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal. In the absence of that approval, and even if the
United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal are approved by United Bankshares
shareholders, United Bankshares will not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of common stock to consummate the
merger and, as a result, the merger will not be completed.

The United Bankshares board of directors urges United Bankshares shareholders to promptly vote by completing, dating and
signing the accompanying proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, or, if you hold your stock in
“street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, by following the voting instructions of your bank,
broker, nominee or other holder of record. If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may complete, sign, date and
mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage paid return envelope, vote by calling the toll-free number listed on the United Bankshares
proxy card, vote by accessing the Internet site listed on the United Bankshares proxy card or vote in person at the United Bankshares
special meeting. If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you must direct your
bank or broker to vote in accordance with the instruction form forwarded to you by your bank or broker. This voting instruction form
provides instructions on voting by mail, telephone or on the Internet.

If you return a properly executed proxy card but do not indicate instructions on your proxy card, your shares of United Bankshares
common stock represented by such proxy card will be voted “FOR” approval of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal.

Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors

The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that United Bankshares shareholders vote “FOR” approval of
the United Bankshares Merger Proposal.
 

48



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 60/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL NO. 2
APPROVAL OF AMENDMENT TO THE ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

TO INCREASE THE NUMBER OF AUTHORIZED SHARES OF COMMON STOCK

The United Bankshares articles of incorporation currently authorize the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of common stock. As of
December 31, 2016, a total of 109,970,551 shares of common stock were issued and outstanding, reserved for issuance and estimated to be
issued in pending acquisitions, as described below:
 

 •  81,039,974 shares were issued and outstanding;
 

 •  5,096,069 shares were reserved for issuance under equity compensation plans; and
 

 •  approximately 23,834,508 shares in the aggregate are currently estimated to be issued in the pending acquisition of Cardinal.

As a result, as of December 31, 2016, approximately 13,863,957 shares of common stock were available for future issuance.

As of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and except as described above, United Bankshares has no understandings,
agreements or commitments to issue common stock or to reserve additional common shares for issuance under equity compensation plans.

The United Bankshares board of directors considered the limited number of available common shares and voted to adopt, subject to
the approval of a majority of the outstanding shares of United Bankshares common stock, an amendment to the United Bankshares articles
of incorporation increasing the authorized shares of common stock from 100,000,000 shares to 200,000,000 shares.

The United Bankshares board of directors believes that it is advisable to have a greater number of authorized shares of common stock
available for issuance in connection with acquisitions and mergers, public or private financing, and various general corporate programs
and purposes.

United Bankshares may from time to time consider acquisitions and mergers as opportunities arise, stock splits and public or private
financings to provide it with capital, any or all of which may involve the issuance of additional shares of common stock or securities
convertible into shares of common stock. It is widely expected that consolidation of the financial institution industry will continue and
may accelerate. Also, additional shares of common stock may be necessary to meet anticipated future obligations of our stock-based
compensation and employee benefit plans, under which we may grant future equity awards to our officers, other employees and directors.
United Bankshares believes that these benefit plans are critical to retaining our current management team and attracting additional
management talent.

The United Bankshares board of directors believes that having the authority to issue additional shares of common stock will avoid
the possible delays and significant expense of calling and holding an additional special meeting of shareholders to increase the authorized
common shares at a later date and will enhance its ability to respond promptly to opportunities for acquisitions, mergers, stock splits and
additional financings. Such a delay may result in United Bankshares inability to consummate a desired transaction under a required
deadline. By having additional common shares authorized, United Bankshares can be prepared to act quickly as opportunities arise.

If the proposed amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation is approved, the additional authorized shares of
common stock may be issued for such consideration, cash or otherwise, at such times and in such amounts as the United Bankshares board
of directors may determine without further shareholder approval, except to the extent that shareholder approval is required by applicable
laws, rules or regulations. Because United Bankshares’ common stock is traded on Nasdaq, shareholder approval must be obtained, under
applicable
 

49



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 61/233

Table of Contents

Nasdaq rules, prior to the issuance of shares for certain purposes, including the issuance of greater than 20% of the then outstanding shares
of common stock or voting power in connection with a private financing or an acquisition or merger. In addition, under both the West
Virginia Business Corporation Act and Nasdaq rules, United Bankshares’ shareholders must approve a share issuance in connection with
an individual merger or acquisition which is greater than 20% of the voting power of United Bankshares on a pre-transaction basis.

The authorization of additional shares of common stock will not, by itself, have any effect on the rights of present shareholders. The
additional 100,000,000 shares to be authorized will be a part of the existing class of common stock and, if and when issued, would have
the same rights and privileges as the shares of common stock presently authorized issued and outstanding. United Bankshares shareholders
do not have preemptive rights to subscribe for or purchase additional shares of common stock. Accordingly, the issuance of additional
shares of common stock for corporate purposes other than a stock split or stock dividend could have a dilutive effect on the ownership and
voting rights of shareholders at the time of issuance.

The full text of the proposed amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation is attached as Appendix D to this
prospectus and joint proxy statement.

If the proposed amendment is approved, the number of authorized shares of common stock will be increased and the board of
directors will have the right to issue, without further shareholder approval, an additional 100,000,000 shares of common stock. If
approved, the proposed amendment will be effective upon the filing of articles of amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of
West Virginia promptly after the special meeting.

If United Bankshares’ shareholders do not approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal, United
Bankshares will be unable to consummate the merger.

Required Vote

Approval of the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at a
meeting at which a quorum exists consisting of a least a majority of the shares of United Bankshares common stock. Therefore, assuming
that a quorum is present, your failure to vote or an abstention will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote for the
United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal. Your failure to vote could impact the existence of a quorum.

In addition to the approval by United Bankshares shareholders of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United
Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal, it is a condition to the parties’ obligation to proceed with the merger that United Bankshares
shareholders approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal. In the absence of that approval, and even if the
United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal are approved by United Bankshares
shareholders, United Bankshares will not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of common stock to consummate the
merger and, as a result, the merger will not be completed.

The United Bankshares board of directors urges United Bankshares shareholders to promptly vote by completing, dating and
signing the accompanying proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, or, if you hold your stock in
“street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, by following the voting instructions of your bank,
broker, nominee or other holder of record. If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may complete, sign, date and
mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage paid return envelope, vote by calling the toll-free number listed on the United Bankshares
proxy card, vote by accessing the Internet site listed on the United Bankshares proxy card or vote in person at the United Bankshares
special meeting. If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you must direct your
bank or broker to vote in accordance with the instruction form forwarded to you by your bank or broker. This voting instruction form
provides instructions on voting by mail, telephone or on the Internet.
 

50



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 62/233

Table of Contents

If you return a properly executed proxy card but do not indicate instructions on your proxy card, your shares of United Bankshares
common stock represented by such proxy card will be voted “FOR” approval of the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal.

Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors

The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that United Bankshares shareholders vote “FOR” approval of
the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal.
 

51



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 63/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL NO. 3
APPROVAL OF THE ISSUANCE OF UNITED BANKSHARES COMMON STOCK

As discussed elsewhere in this prospectus and joint proxy statement, United Bankshares shareholders will consider and vote on the
United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal.

Sections 31D-6-621 and 31D-11-1104 of the West Virginia Code and Nasdaq Listing Rule 5635 require the United Bankshares
shareholders to approve any issuance of United Bankshares common stock in which the voting power of the shares issued will comprise
more than 20% of the voting power of the shares that were outstanding immediately prior to the issuance. Shares of United Bankshares
common stock are the only shares of United Bankshares capital stock with voting power. The merger will require United Bankshares to
issue shares of United Bankshares common stock in an amount that is in excess of 20% of the number of shares of United Bankshares
common stock immediately prior to the merger. As a result, United Bankshares shareholder approval is required to issue the merger
consideration.

You should carefully read this prospectus and joint proxy statement in its entirety for more detailed information concerning the
issuance of the United Bankshares common stock.

Required Vote

Approval of the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter
at a meeting at which a quorum exists consisting of at least a majority of the shares of United Bankshares common stock. Therefore,
assuming that a quorum is present, your failure to vote or an abstention will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote
for the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal.

In addition to the approval by United Bankshares shareholders of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United
Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal, it is a condition to the parties’ obligation to proceed with the merger that United Bankshares
shareholders approve the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal. In the absence of that approval, and even if the
United Bankshares Merger Proposal and the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal are approved by United Bankshares
shareholders, United Bankshares will not have a sufficient number of authorized shares of common stock to consummate the
merger and, as a result, the merger will not be completed.

The United Bankshares board of directors urges United Bankshares shareholders to promptly vote by completing, dating and
signing the accompanying proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, or, if you hold your stock in
“street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, by following the voting instructions of your bank,
broker, nominee or other holder of record. If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may complete, sign, date and
mail your proxy card in the enclosed postage paid return envelope, vote by calling the toll-free number listed on the United Bankshares
proxy card, vote by accessing the Internet site listed on the United Bankshares proxy card or vote in person at the United Bankshares
special meeting. If you hold your stock in “street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you must direct your
bank or broker to vote in accordance with the instruction form forwarded to you by your bank or broker. This voting instruction form
provides instructions on voting by mail, telephone or on the Internet.

If you return a properly executed proxy card but do not indicate instructions on your proxy card, your shares of United Bankshares
common stock represented by such proxy card will be voted “FOR” approval of the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal.

Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors

The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that United Bankshares shareholders vote “FOR” approval of
the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal.
 

52



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 64/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL NO. 4
APPROVAL OF THE ADJOURNMENT, POSTPONEMENT OR CONTINUANCE OF THE

SPECIAL MEETING, IF NECESSARY TO PERMIT FURTHER SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

If at the United Bankshares special meeting the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock present in person or
represented by proxy and voting in favor of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal or
the United Bankshares Articles Amendment Proposal is insufficient to approve any such proposal, management may move to adjourn,
postpone or continue the special meeting on one or more occasions in order to enable United Bankshares to continue to solicit additional
proxies in favor of such proposal; however, the special meeting may not be adjourned, postponed or continued to a date later than August
5, 2017. In that event, you will be asked to vote only upon the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal and will not be asked to vote on
the United Bankshares Merger Proposal, the United Bankshares Stock Issuance Proposal and the United Bankshares Articles Amendment
Proposal at the special meeting.

Required Vote

Approval of the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast on the matter
at a meeting at which a quorum exists consisting of at least a majority of the shares of United Bankshares common stock. Therefore,
assuming that a quorum is present, your failure to vote or an abstention will be disregarded and have no effect on the outcome of the vote
for the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

If you return a properly executed proxy card but do not indicate instructions on your proxy card, your shares of United Bankshares
common stock represented by such proxy card will be voted “FOR” approval of the United Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.

Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors

The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that shareholders vote “FOR” approval of the United
Bankshares Adjournment Proposal.
 

53



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 65/233

Table of Contents

THE CARDINAL SPECIAL MEETING

This section contains information about the special meeting of Cardinal shareholders that has been called to consider and approve the
merger agreement.

Together with this document, Cardinal is also sending you a notice of the special meeting and a form of proxy that is solicited by the
Cardinal board of directors. The special meeting will be held on Friday, April 7, 2017, at 10:30 a.m., local time, at the Hilton McLean
Tysons Corner, 7920 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102.

Matters to Be Considered

The purpose of the special meeting is to vote on:
 

 (1) the Cardinal Merger Proposal;
 

 (2) the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal; and
 

 (3) the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal.

Proxies

Each copy of this document mailed to record holders of Cardinal common stock is accompanied by a proxy card with instructions for
voting. The Cardinal board of directors requests that you submit your proxy promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the meeting. If
you are a common shareholder and hold your shares of Cardinal common stock under your own name (also known as “record
ownership”), you can vote your shares in one of the following manners:
 

 •  By proxy via mail by signing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope;
 

 •  By proxy via the Internet at www.voteproxy.com and following the instructions;
 

 •  By proxy via telephone at (800) 776-9437 on a touch-tone phone and following the recorded instructions; or
 

 •  By attending the meeting and voting your shares in person.

Any vote by proxy card, Internet or telephone may be revoked by you at any time before the meeting by giving written notice of such
revocation to the corporate secretary, executing another proxy or using the Internet or telephone voting procedures as of a date subsequent
to the prior proxy card or Internet or telephone vote. If you are a shareholder of record or have a legal proxy from a shareholder of record,
you may also revoke your proxy by voting in person at the special meeting. Shareholders who vote via the Internet or by telephone need
not mail their proxy cards and doing so will revoke any prior vote or proxy. Instructions on how to vote by telephone or by the Internet are
included with your proxy card.

If you hold your shares in “street name” through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you will receive a voting
instruction form directly from them. Follow the instructions on the form they provide to have your shares voted by proxy. If you wish to
attend the meeting and vote in person, you must obtain a written proxy, executed in your favor, from the bank, broker, nominee or other
holder of record to do so.

All shares represented by valid proxies that Cardinal receives through this solicitation and that are not revoked will be voted in
accordance with your instructions on the proxy card or as instructed via the Internet or telephone, or with respect to shares beneficially
held in “street name,” in accordance with the voting instructions received from the appropriate bank, broker, nominee or other holder of
record. If you make no specification on your proxy card as to how you want your shares voted before signing and returning it, your proxy
will be voted “FOR” each of the proposals described above.
 

54



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 66/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal shareholders with shares represented by stock certificates should not send Cardinal stock certificates with their proxy cards.
After the merger is completed, holders of Cardinal common stock with shares represented by stock certificates or held in book-entry form
will be mailed a transmittal form with instructions on how to exchange their Cardinal stock certificates or book-entry shares for the merger
consideration.

Solicitation of Proxies

Cardinal will bear the entire cost of soliciting proxies from its shareholders. In addition to solicitation of proxies by mail, proxies
may also be solicited by Cardinal’s directors and employees personally, and by telephone, electronic transmission, facsimile transmission,
or other means. No additional compensation will be paid to these individuals for proxy solicitation nor is it expected to result in more than
a minimal cost. Cardinal may make arrangements directly with banks, brokerage houses, custodians, nominees and fiduciaries to forward
solicitation material to the beneficial owners of Cardinal common stock held of record by them and to obtain authorization for the
execution of proxies. Cardinal expects to reimburse these institutional holders for their reasonable expenses in connection with these
activities. Cardinal has also made arrangements with InvestorCom, Inc. to assist it in soliciting proxies and has agreed to pay it
approximately $8,500 for these services and reimburse certain out of pocket expenses.

Record Date

The close of business on February 1, 2017 has been fixed as the record date for determining the Cardinal shareholders entitled to
receive notice of and to vote at the special meeting. At that time, 33,072,769 shares of Cardinal common stock were outstanding and
entitled to vote at the special meeting, held by approximately 5,790 beneficial holders of record including 695 holders of record.

Quorum and Voting Rights

The presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cardinal common stock entitled to vote
is necessary to constitute a quorum at the special meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted for the purpose of
determining whether a quorum is present.

As of the record date, directors and executive officers of Cardinal had the right to vote 1,334,874 shares of Cardinal common stock,
or approximately 4.04% of the outstanding Cardinal common stock entitled to be voted at the special meeting. Cardinal currently expects
that each of these individuals will vote their shares of Cardinal common stock in favor of the proposals to be presented at the special
meeting.

If you are a holder of Cardinal common stock and you submit a proxy in which you abstain from voting, the abstention will be
counted toward a quorum at the Cardinal special meeting, but it will have the same effect as a vote against approval of the Cardinal Merger
Proposal. An abstention will have no effect on either the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal or the Cardinal Adjournment
Proposal.

Brokers, banks, nominees and other holders of record holding shares of Cardinal common stock in “street name” may only vote your
shares of Cardinal common stock on the Cardinal Merger Proposal, the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and the Cardinal
Adjournment Proposal if you provide instructions on how to vote. If you do not provide instructions on how to vote by filling out the voter
instruction form sent to you by your broker, bank, nominee or other holder of record, your shares will not be voted on any proposal with
respect to which you did not provide instructions. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against approval of the Cardinal
Merger Proposal, and will have no effect on either the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal or the Cardinal Adjournment
Proposal.

Attending the Special Meeting

All holders of Cardinal common stock, including holders of record and shareholders who beneficially hold their stock through banks,
brokers, nominees or any other holder of record, are invited to attend the special
 

55



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 67/233

Table of Contents

meeting. Shareholders of record on the record date can vote in person at the special meeting. If you beneficially hold your shares in “street
name,” of record, you must obtain a written proxy executed in your favor from the record holder of your shares, such as a broker, bank or
other nominee, to be able to vote in person at the special meeting. If you plan to attend the special meeting, you must either hold your
shares in your own name or have a letter from the record holder of your shares confirming your ownership, and you must bring a form of
personal photo identification with you in order to be admitted. Cardinal reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper
proof of share ownership and without proper photo identification.
 

56



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 68/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSALS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE CARDINAL SPECIAL MEETING

PROPOSAL NO. 1
APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Cardinal is asking its shareholders to approve the Cardinal Merger Proposal. For a detailed discussion of the merger, including the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement, see “The Merger Agreement,” beginning on page 108. As discussed in detail in the sections
entitled “The Merger – Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Board of Directors,” beginning on page 64, after
careful consideration, the Cardinal board of directors determined that the terms of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby are in the best interests of Cardinal and the Cardinal board of directors unanimously approved the merger agreement. Accordingly,
Cardinal’s board of directors unanimously recommends that Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” the Cardinal Merger Proposal.

Required Vote

Approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Cardinal common stock entitled to vote at the Cardinal special meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each share of Cardinal common
stock you held as of the record date.

Because the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote at the Cardinal special meeting is
needed in order to proceed with the merger, an abstention will have the effect of a vote against approval of the merger agreement. The
Cardinal board of directors urges Cardinal shareholders to promptly vote by completing, dating and signing the accompanying
proxy card and returning it promptly in the enclosed postage-paid envelope, or, if you hold your stock in “street name” through a
bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, by following the voting instructions of your bank, broker, nominee or other
holder of record. If you hold stock in your name as a shareholder of record, you may complete, sign, date and mail your proxy card in the
enclosed postage paid return envelope, vote by calling the toll-free number listed on the Cardinal proxy card, vote by accessing the
Internet site listed on the Cardinal proxy card or vote in person at the Cardinal special meeting. If you hold your stock in “street name”
through a bank, broker, nominee or other holder of record, you must direct your bank or broker to vote in accordance with the instruction
form forwarded to you by your bank or broker. This voting instruction form provides instructions on voting by mail, telephone or on the
Internet.

Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors

The Cardinal board of directors unanimously recommends that Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” approval of the Cardinal Merger
Proposal. See “The Merger – Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors” on page 64 for a
more detailed discussion of the Cardinal board of directors’ recommendation.
 

57



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 69/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL NO. 2
ADVISORY (NON-BINDING) VOTE ON CERTAIN MERGER-RELATED
COMPENSATION FOR CARDINAL NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICERS

As required by Section 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, Cardinal is providing its
shareholders with the opportunity to approve, in a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may become payable to its named
executive officers in connection with the merger, which is based on or related to the merger and the agreements and understandings
concerning such compensation, by voting on the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the compensation that may be paid to the named executive officers of Cardinal in connection with or as a result of
the merger, as disclosed in the section entitled “The Merger – Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger – Certain Compensation for Cardinal Named Executive Officers,” and the related table and narrative, is hereby APPROVED.”

Approval of the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger. The vote on this
proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote on the Cardinal Merger Proposal. Because this proposal is advisory in nature only, a
vote for or against approval will not be binding on either Cardinal or United Bankshares.

The compensation that is subject to this proposal is a contractual obligation of Cardinal and/or Cardinal Bank and of United
Bankshares and United Bank as the successors thereto. If the merger is approved and completed, such compensation may be paid, subject
only to the conditions applicable thereto, even if shareholders fail to approve this proposal. If the merger is not completed, the Cardinal
board of directors will consider the results of the vote in making future executive compensation decisions.

Required Vote

Approval of the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by
shareholders on the proposal, assuming a quorum is present. Abstentions will be counted toward a quorum at the Cardinal special meeting,
but will have no effect on the vote on this proposal.

If you return a properly executed proxy card but do not indicate instructions on your proxy card, your shares of Cardinal common
stock represented by such proxy card will be voted “FOR” approval of the Cardinal Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors

The Cardinal board of directors unanimously recommends that Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” approval of the Cardinal Merger-
Related Compensation Proposal.
 

58



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 70/233

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL NO. 3
APPROVAL OF THE ADJOURNMENT, POSTPONEMENT OR CONTINUANCE OF THE

SPECIAL MEETING, IF NECESSARY TO PERMIT FURTHER SOLICITATION OF PROXIES

If at the Cardinal special meeting the number of shares of Cardinal common stock present in person or represented by proxy and
voting in favor of the Cardinal Merger Proposal is insufficient to approve such proposal, management may move to adjourn, postpone or
continue the special meeting on one or more occasions in order to enable Cardinal to continue to solicit additional proxies in favor of such
proposal; however, the special meeting may not be adjourned, postponed or continued to a date later than August 5, 2017. In that event,
you will be asked to vote only upon the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal, may be asked to vote on the Cardinal Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal and will not be asked to vote on the Cardinal Merger Proposal at the special meeting.

In this proposal, Cardinal is asking the Cardinal shareholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by its board of directors
to grant to the Cardinal board of directors the authority to adjourn, postpone or continue the special meeting and any later adjournments. If
the Cardinal shareholders approve this proposal, Cardinal could adjourn, postpone or continue the special meeting, and any adjourned
session of the special meeting on one or more occasions, to use the additional time to solicit proxies in favor of the Cardinal Merger
Proposal, including the solicitation of proxies from the shareholders that have previously voted against such proposal. Among other
effects, approval of the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal could mean that, even if proxies representing a sufficient number of votes against
the approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal have been received, Cardinal could adjourn, postpone or continue the special meeting
without a further shareholder vote on such proposal and seek to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to vote in favor
of such proposal.

Generally, if the special meeting is adjourned, no notice of the adjourned meeting is required to be given to shareholders, other than
an announcement at the special meeting of the place, date and time to which the meeting is adjourned.

Required Vote

Approval of the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by shareholders on the
proposal, assuming a quorum is present. Abstentions will be counted toward a quorum at the Cardinal special meeting, but will have no
effect on the vote on this proposal.

Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors

The Cardinal board of directors believes that if the number of shares of its common stock present in person or represented by proxy
at the Cardinal special meeting and voting in favor of the approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal is insufficient to approve such
proposal, it is in the best interests of the Cardinal shareholders to enable the board of directors, for a limited period of time, to continue to
seek to obtain a sufficient number of additional votes to approve such proposal. The Cardinal board of directors unanimously recommends
that shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Cardinal Adjournment Proposal.
 

59



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 71/233

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

The following summary describes certain aspects of the merger, including all the terms of the merger agreement that the respective
managements of Cardinal and United Bankshares believe are material. This summary does not purport to be complete and may not
contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to you. The merger agreement is attached to this prospectus
and joint proxy statement as Appendix A and is incorporated by reference in this prospectus and joint proxy statement. You are urged to
read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, as it is the legal document governing the merger.

Background of the Merger

The board of directors and senior management of Cardinal have periodically explored and discussed strategic options available to
Cardinal for maintaining its competitiveness and increasing shareholder value. These discussions have included, among other things,
remaining independent as well as exploring the merger and acquisition environment for financial institutions and a potential business
combination involving Cardinal. Several times during 2014 and 2015, Bernard H. Clineburg, then Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
of Cardinal, was contacted by representatives of larger financial institutions, including United Bankshares, to inquire about Cardinal’s
interest in a merger transaction. Mr. Clineburg informed the Cardinal board of directors of these preliminary inquiries, but such discussions
did not result in any proposals that the board could recommend to Cardinal’s shareholders.

During its November and December 2015 regular meetings, the Cardinal board of directors continued its evaluation of the company’s
business, performance and prospects and considered Cardinal’s strategic options, including potential strategic transactions or supporting
ongoing organic growth through a capital raise. The board reviewed and discussed information that senior management presented to the
board in these meetings. Upon review and discussion at the December 2015 meeting, the Cardinal board authorized senior management to
obtain further information regarding merger and acquisition activity in the financial services industry, in general, and potential pricing
information with respect to Cardinal in the event the company was interested in a sale transaction.

On March 1, 2016, at the invitation of Mr. Clineburg, representatives of Sandler O’Neill, a financial advisory firm, met with Messrs.
Clineburg and Bergstrom, and Alice P. Frazier, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer of Cardinal, to discuss recent merger
and acquisition activity. The parties engaged in a high level conversation about the merger environment in the banking industry and
Sandler O’Neill provided preliminary views on financial institutions they believed would be potential merger partners if Cardinal was
interested in pursuing a business combination. Although Sandler O’Neill had not been formally engaged to advise Cardinal in connection
with a potential strategic transaction, Sandler O’Neill had previously advised the board of directors and senior management of Cardinal in
a variety of contexts.

On March 8, 2016, Messrs. Clineburg and Bergstrom, and Ms. Frazier had a telephone conference with representatives of Sandler
O’Neill to further discuss the universe of financial institutions that could potentially be interested in pursuing a merger transaction with
Cardinal.

On April 5, 2016, the executive committee of Cardinal’s board of directors, consisting of Mr. Clineburg (chairman), William G.
Buck, Sidney O. Dewberry and Michael A. Garcia, met with representatives of Sandler O’Neill, who provided information on the current
market conditions in the banking industry, recent merger and acquisition activity, a preliminary valuation range of Cardinal’s franchise
position and an analysis of various strategic alternatives. Sandler O’Neill’s presentation included a list of potential acquirers that they
believed would be interested in entering or expanding in the Washington, D.C. market by a merger transaction with Cardinal. Important
considerations in a potential merger were discussed, including the type of merger consideration to be received by shareholders, dividend
yields, customer and community impact, regulatory approval process and whether a capital raise by a potential partner would be a concern
for Cardinal. Sandler
 

60



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 72/233

Table of Contents

O’Neill representatives also presented certain implied pricing expectations that were based on the recent, publicly available financial
information of Cardinal. The representatives of Cardinal and Sandler O’Neill also reviewed other business considerations, the process that
could culminate in the marketing of Cardinal for sale or another strategic business combination, if the Cardinal board of directors decided
to pursue a potential merger and what information would be provided to potential merger partners. After this review and discussion, the
Cardinal executive committee authorized Sandler O’Neill to proceed in continuing to identify potential merger partners and to coordinate
with Cardinal’s senior management in preparing a confidential information memorandum and establishing an electronic data room
containing extensive information about Cardinal.

On April 8, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors took action by unanimous written consent to approve the engagement of Sandler
O’Neill to act as Cardinal’s financial advisor in connection with a potential business combination, which engagement was formally entered
into on April 18, 2016.

On April 28, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors held its annual organizational meeting following Cardinal’s annual meeting of
shareholders. No discussion of a potential transaction was discussed at the board meeting.

During late April and the first half of May 2016, Cardinal’s senior management and representatives of Sandler O’Neill held various
in-person and telephonic meetings to determine a list of potential merger partners, merger criteria and the process and possible timeline for
a transaction, and to prepare a confidential information memorandum with respect to Cardinal’s business, operations and market area.
Cardinal also populated an electronic data room with documents containing substantial information about Cardinal.

On May 17, 2016, representatives of Sandler O’Neill began contacting the companies on the approved potential merger partner list,
including United Bankshares. Interested parties who executed a nondisclosure agreement were provided the confidential information
memorandum and granted access to the electronic data room. United Bankshares was among those parties and executed a nondisclosure
agreement on May 23, 2016. In total, 18 potential merger partners were contacted, of which three received nondisclosure agreements; only
United signed such agreement, received the confidential information memorandum and was granted access to Cardinal’s electronic data
room.

On May 23, 2016, Richard M. Adams, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of United Bankshares, Mr. Clineburg, Mr. Buck,
Cardinal’s Lead Independent Director and representatives of Sandler O’Neill held an in-person meeting. At this meeting, Mr. Adams
expressed strong interest in pursuing a potential acquisition of Cardinal. Mr. Adams discussed specific transaction terms, including the
form of acquisition and a specific acquisition price, and indicated that United Bankshares would be willing to offer 0.70 shares of United
Bankshares common stock for each share of Cardinal common stock. The parties discussed such initial proposal, and the operations of
United Bankshares and Cardinal, and the Cardinal representatives requested that the United Bankshares proposal be increased to 0.71
shares of United Bankshares common stock for each share of Cardinal common stock. Mr. Adams agreed to adjust United Bankshares’
proposal accordingly. The value of United Bankshares’ proposal, based on the closing price of its common stock on May 23, 2016, was
$27.32 for each share of Cardinal common stock. The per share closing price of Cardinal’s common stock on May 23, 2016 was $21.76.
Mr. Adams indicated that such proposal was preliminary, and that it was subject to United Bankshares’ further due diligence on Cardinal,
approval from the United Bankshares board of directors and a preliminary discussion between United and appropriate bank regulators.

On May 25, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors held a special telephonic meeting. During the meeting, representatives of Sandler
O’Neill informed the board that the marketing process to seek indications of interest in a business combination had commenced. Sandler
O’Neill provided information on the number of financial institutions it had contacted so far and the levels of interest it received on behalf
of Cardinal. Mr. Clineburg apprised the board of the in-person meeting with Mr. Adams on May 23 and the preliminary merger
consideration proposed by Mr. Adams. During the meeting, members of the Cardinal board asked questions of Sandler O’Neill with
respect to the marketing process, and Sandler O’Neill responded accordingly. The Cardinal
 

61



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 73/233

Table of Contents

directors and representatives of Sandler O’Neill discussed, in general, the proposed merger consideration offered by United Bankshares
and the approximate aggregate consideration value to Cardinal’s shareholders of such offer. The Cardinal board, senior management and
Sandler O’Neill also further explored the strategic options available to Cardinal. After an in-depth discussion on United Bankshares’ offer
and other initial indications of interest and strategic options, the Cardinal board instructed Sandler O’Neill to continue with the marketing
process.

During late May-early June 2016, representatives of Sandler O’Neill continued to contact financial institutions to seek their interest
in a business combination with Cardinal. At the end of the marketing process, there was one interested party other than United Bankshares
that could have made an offer to Cardinal that, from a financial point of view, was in the range of what the Cardinal board was willing to
accept. However, such party declined to make an offer because it was involved in another merger transaction.

On June 15, 2016, at a regular Cardinal board of directors meeting, representatives of Sandler O’Neill delivered a presentation to the
board that contained an updated summary of the potential merger partners contacted and the responses received from such parties. Sandler
O’Neill noted that, based on the responses it received, there was a limited number of potential merger partners. The reasons provided by
financial institutions that declined to further investigate a transaction with Cardinal included pricing (unlikely that Cardinal’s pricing
expectations would be met), geography (too far from core market), timing (other mergers pending, being reviewed or digested), size of
transaction (too large) and uncertain regulatory approval (without conditions). During and after Sandler O’Neill’s review, the Cardinal
board of directors engaged in a comprehensive discussion regarding the results of the marketing process and the information provided by
Sandler O’Neill, and considered the strategic objectives of Cardinal. After such deliberation, the Cardinal board determined to postpone,
for a period of 30 days, any decision with respect to the marketing process in order to allow United Bankshares to move forward and
pursue preliminary discussions with appropriate bank regulatory agencies concerning a potential merger with Cardinal.

In early July 2016, Mr. Adams informed a representative of Sandler O’Neill and Mr. Clineburg that United Bankshares was willing to
move forward with a transaction with Cardinal at the exchange ratio discussed in May 2016 (0.71 shares of United Bankshares common
stock), subject to United Bankshares’ further due diligence on Cardinal.

On July 20, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting at which United Bankshares’ interest in a
merger transaction was discussed. Representatives of Sandler O’Neill were present at the meeting and discussed the current bank merger
and acquisition environment. The Sandler O’Neill representatives provided a preliminary analysis regarding Cardinal, United Bankshares
and a merger transaction based on publicly available information on the parties and the proposed 0.71 exchange ratio of shares of United
Bankshares common stock for shares of Cardinal common stock. Sandler O’Neill noted that the value of United Bankshares’ offer, based
on the closing price of its common stock on July 15, 2016, was $27.84 for each share of Cardinal common stock. The per share closing
price of Cardinal’s common stock on July 15, 2016 was $22.98. Sandler O’Neill stated that the offer from United Bankshares included a
built-in assumption that it would raise capital in connection with the completion of the potential merger with Cardinal. Based on this new
information and discussions between the parties, Sandler O’Neill’s presentation included assumptions that United Bankshares would issue
approximately $200 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock with a dividend of 6.50% at or around the time of the closing of
the merger. Sandler O’Neill thereafter provided the Cardinal board with financial and other information on merger transactions in the
banking industry that involved the acquirer conducting a capital offering between announcement and closing of the merger.

At the July 20 meeting, representatives of Sandler O’Neill presented the Cardinal board with information on the pricing metrics of
transactions announced since January 2014 involving other banking institutions in the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast regions and nationally,
and the board considered such information. Sandler O’Neill also noted that the overlap of retail banking offices and the cost savings
associated with a combination with United Bankshares would most likely allow it to pay a higher premium for Cardinal than any out of
market buyer.
 

62



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 74/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal’s board of directors discussed the potential benefits of a merger with United Bankshares, and engaged in a thorough discussion on
the potential combination with United Bankshares, especially the preliminary merger consideration offered and the results of the marketing
process recently undertaken by Cardinal’s senior management as assisted by Sandler O’Neill. The Cardinal board of directors also
considered, in general, the impact of the proposed transaction on Cardinal’s management, employees and community. The board reviewed
the financial performance, stock performance, market position, growth prospects and other matters concerning United Bankshares. After a
lengthy discussion, the Cardinal board of directors determined that a merger with United Bankshares would provide substantial long-term
benefits to Cardinal’s shareholders. The Cardinal board of directors then authorized senior management and Sandler O’Neill to proceed
with the negotiation of a definitive merger agreement and related documents with United Bankshares. After the Cardinal board meeting
Mr. Clineburg contacted Mr. Adams to inform him that the Cardinal board had determined to move forward in merger discussions with
United Bankshares.

On July 22, 2016, Sandler O’Neill provided an initial draft of the merger agreement to LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation,
Cardinal’s legal counsel, that Sandler O’Neill had received from United Bankshares and Bowles Rice LLP, or Bowles Rice, legal counsel
to United Bankshares. As directed by Cardinal senior management, Sandler O’Neill and LeClairRyan were to review and provide
comments only on the provisions relating to Cardinal’s ability to pay dividends while the merger was pending, the regulatory approval
closing condition in light of United Bankshares’ intent to raise capital in connection with the potential merger and a possible termination
fee provision relating to such closing condition. Over the next two weeks, United Bankshares and Cardinal, with the assistance of their
respective legal and financial advisors, negotiated and came to an understanding with respect to such provisions. During such period and
continuing during the negotiations of the merger agreement, Cardinal updated its electronic data room, and United Bankshares, Cardinal
and their representatives conducted extensive due diligence on each bank utilizing publicly available information as well as confidential
information the parties made available to each other.

On August 4, 2016, Cardinal requested that LeClairRyan review the draft merger agreement and related documents in their entirety,
including a support agreement that provided, among other things, for each director of Cardinal to vote his or her shares of Cardinal
common stock in favor of the merger at any meeting of the Cardinal shareholders held to consider and vote on the merger. Over the next
week, LeClairRyan reviewed and discussed the merger agreement with Cardinal’s senior management and Sandler O’Neill.

On August 10, 2016, LeClairRyan delivered comments on the draft merger agreement and related documents to Bowles Rice. From
August 10 through August 17, 2016, United Bankshares, Cardinal and their respective financial advisors and legal counsel continued to
negotiate the terms of the definitive merger agreement and related documents. Throughout this period, United Bankshares, Cardinal and
their senior management teams conducted due diligence on their respective proposed merger partners and held management interviews. In
addition, United Bankshares and Cardinal and their respective financial advisors and legal counsel continued to discuss various matters
related to the proposed combination of United Bankshares and Cardinal.

On August 14, 2016, the board of directors of Cardinal held a special meeting with senior management and its financial and legal
advisors. Management reviewed for the Cardinal board of directors the progress of its negotiations with United Bankshares and reported
on the status of its due diligence investigation of United Bankshares. At that meeting, representatives of LeClairRyan discussed with the
Cardinal board of directors the legal standards applicable to its decisions and actions with respect to its consideration of the proposed
merger, and reviewed in detail the legal terms of the proposed merger agreement and related transaction documents. Sandler O’Neill
reviewed with the Cardinal board of directors the structure and other terms of the proposed transaction and financial information regarding
United Bankshares, Cardinal and the transaction, information regarding peer companies and comparable transactions and other relevant
analyses. Sandler O’Neill advised the directors, informally, that it would be able to provide an opinion that the exchange ratio to be
received by Cardinal’s shareholders was fair from a financial point of view. LeClairRyan and Sandler O’Neill responded to questions from
the board regarding the proposed merger, the draft merger agreement and related documents, and the financial and other information
provided by Sandler O’Neill. After review and thorough discussion among
 

63



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 75/233

Table of Contents

members of the Cardinal board of directors, including consideration of the factors described under “ – Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger;
Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors,” the Cardinal board determined to hold a meeting on August 17 to further consider
the merger.

On August 17, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors held a regular meeting at which updates on the merger negotiations were
provided by Cardinal senior management. LeClairRyan briefed the Cardinal board on its discussions with United Bankshares’ legal
counsel and the changes to the merger agreement and related documents from the draft merger agreement and related documents
previously reviewed on August 14. Sandler O’Neill again provided information on the terms of the proposed transaction and financial
information regarding United Bankshares, Cardinal and the transaction, information regarding peer companies and comparable
transactions and other relevant analyses. The Cardinal board engaged in a lengthy discussion on the proposed merger and the terms of the
merger agreement and related documents. Cardinal board members presented questions to Cardinal’s senior management, LeClairRyan
and Sandler O’Neill regarding the proposed merger and the merger agreement, and senior management and Cardinal’s financial and legal
advisors responded to the inquiries. In connection with the deliberations by the Cardinal board, Sandler O’Neill rendered to the board its
oral opinion (subsequently confirmed in writing), as described under the “– Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor,” that as of the date of
its opinion, the exchange ratio in the merger was fair to the holders of Cardinal common stock from a financial point of view. After
reviewing Sandler O’Neill’s opinion and further discussion of the terms of the merger, the Cardinal board determined that the proposed
merger with United Bankshares and the related transactions as reflected in the merger agreement presented at the meeting were in the best
interest of Cardinal and its shareholders. The board voted unanimously to adopt and approve the merger agreement and related transactions
and documents, and to recommend approval of the merger agreement to the shareholders of Cardinal.

On August 17, 2016, the United Bankshares board of directors held a meeting that was attended by representatives of KBW, United
Bankshares’ financial advisor for the proposed transaction, and Bowles Rice LLP, counsel to United Bankshares. During this meeting, the
United Bankshares board of directors evaluated the fairness of the proposed transaction with Cardinal to the United Bankshares
shareholders from a financial point of view. The United Bankshares board of directors discussed the contemplated amendment to the
United Bankshares articles of incorporation and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative
perpetual preferred stock, each in connection with the consummation of the proposed transaction. At this meeting, KBW reviewed the
financial aspects of the proposed merger and rendered to the United Bankshares’ board of directors an opinion to the effect that, as of that
date and subject to the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review
undertaken by KBW as set forth in such opinion, the exchange ratio in the proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to
United Bankshares. A representative from Bowles Rice advised the United Bankshares board of directors regarding the directors’ fiduciary
duties and the terms of the proposed transaction and merger agreement. After detailed discussion and careful deliberation of the proposed
terms of the merger agreement and the various presentations of its financial and legal advisors, and taking into consideration the matters
discussed during the meeting of the United Bankshares board of directors, including the factors described under “– United Bankshares’
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors”, the United Bankshares board of directors
unanimously approved the proposed acquisition of Cardinal and approved signing the merger agreement.

On the evening of August 17, 2016, United Bankshares and Cardinal executed the definitive merger agreement. United Bankshares
and Cardinal issued a joint press release publicly announcing the transaction prior to the opening of the financial markets on August 18,
2016.

Cardinal’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the Cardinal Board of Directors

In reaching its decision to approve the merger and the merger agreement and to recommend its approval to Cardinal shareholders, the
Cardinal board of directors consulted with executive management, Sandler O’Neill, its financial advisor, and LeClairRyan, its legal
counsel. The Cardinal board of directors carefully considered the
 

64



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 76/233

Table of Contents

terms of the merger agreement and the value of the merger consideration to be received by Cardinal shareholders and ultimately
determined that it was in the best interest of Cardinal and its shareholders for Cardinal to enter into the merger agreement with United
Bankshares. The Cardinal board of directors believes that partnering with United Bankshares will maximize the long-term value of
shareholders’ investment in Cardinal, and that the merger will provide the combined company with additional resources necessary to
compete more effectively in Northern Virginia and the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. In addition, the Cardinal board of directors
believes that the customers and communities served by Cardinal will benefit from the combined company’s enhanced abilities to meet
their banking needs.

In reaching its unanimous decision to approve the merger and the merger agreement and to recommend that Cardinal shareholders
vote for approval of the merger agreement, the Cardinal board of directors considered many factors, including, without limitation, the
following:
 

 
•  The value of the United Bankshares common stock consideration being offered to Cardinal shareholders in relation to the

market value, book value per share, tangible book value per share, earnings per share and projected earnings per share of
Cardinal and United Bankshares;

 

 •  The fact that the merger consideration represented 2.24 times Cardinal’s tangible book value per share at June 30, 2016;
 

 
•  The consideration offered by United Bankshares equals or exceeds the value which could be expected to be offered by other

likely acquirers;
 

 
•  The expected future receipt by Cardinal shareholders of significant dividends after completion of the merger as United

Bankshares shareholders, based on United Bankshares’ current and forecasted dividend yield and its 42-year history of dividend
increases;

 

 
•  Comparative pro forma analyses of Cardinal, United Bankshares and the combined entity, and the earnings per share, dividends

and capital levels of each entity;
 

 
•  United Bankshares’ asset size, capital position and financial performance in recent periods, which make United Bankshares an

attractive merger partner and would give the combined company approximately $20 billion in assets;
 

 
•  The current and prospective environment in which Cardinal operates, including national, regional and local economic

conditions, the competitive environment for financial institutions, the increased regulatory burdens on financial institutions; and
the uncertainties in the regulatory climate going forward;

 

 
•  The feasibility of, and the results that could be expected to be obtained if, Cardinal continued to operate independently,

including Cardinal’s ability to compete with much larger regionally-based banks and the potential need to eventually raise
additional capital that could be dilutive to existing Cardinal shareholders;

 

 •  The potential volatility of Cardinal’s earnings and share price resulting from the mortgage operations conducted by Cardinal;
 

 
•  The anticipated future earnings growth of Cardinal compared to the potential future earnings growth of United Bankshares and

the combined entity;
 

 
•  The anticipated future trading value of Cardinal common stock compared to the value of the common stock consideration

offered by United Bankshares and the potential future trading value of United Bankshares common stock;
 

 
•  The common stock consideration offered by United Bankshares, including the opportunity for Cardinal shareholders to receive

shares of United Bankshares common stock on a tax-free basis for their shares of Cardinal common stock;
 

65



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 77/233

Table of Contents

 
•  The greater market capitalization and trading liquidity of United Bankshares common stock in the event Cardinal shareholders

desired to sell the shares of United Bankshares common stock to be received by them upon completion of the merger;
 

 
•  The process conducted by Sandler O’Neill, Cardinal’s financial advisor, to assist the Cardinal board of directors in structuring

the proposed merger with United Bankshares;
 

 

•  The presentation of analyses by Sandler O’Neill, Cardinal’s financial advisor, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
of the exchange ratio in the merger to the holders of Cardinal common stock. In this regard, the Cardinal board of directors
received from Sandler O’Neill a written opinion dated August 17, 2016 that, as of such date, the exchange ratio in the merger
was fair to Cardinal shareholders from a financial point of view;

 

 
•  The analyses presented by LeClairRyan, Cardinal’s outside legal counsel, as to the structure of the merger, the merger

agreement, duties of the Cardinal board of directors under applicable law, and the process that Cardinal (including its board of
directors) employed in considering all potential strategic transactions including the merger with United Bankshares;

 

 

•  The ability to terminate the merger agreement if (i) the average closing price of United Bankshares common stock declines by
more than 20% from the closing price immediately prior to the public announcement of entry into the merger agreement, and
(ii) United Bankshares common stock underperforms the NASDAQ Bank Index (IBIX) by more than 15%, all as calculated
pursuant to the merger agreement;

 

 
•  The reverse break-up fee of $13.5 million payable to Cardinal if United Bankshares does not satisfy any condition to approval

of a governmental authority requiring United Bankshares to raise or obtain capital in accordance with the terms required by the
applicable governmental authority;

 

 
•  The scale, scope, strength and diversity of operations, product lines and delivery systems that could be achieved by combining

Cardinal with United Bankshares;
 

 
•  The additional products offered by United Bankshares to its customers, the ability of the combined company to provide

comprehensive financial services to its customers, and the potential for operating synergies and cross-marketing of products and
services across the combined company;

 

 
•  The potential value of an expansion of the United Bankshares branch network adding Cardinal branch locations in Virginia,

Maryland and Washington, D.C. to United Bankshares’ existing branch network in Virginia, West Virginia, Maryland,
Pennsylvania, Ohio and Washington, D.C.;

 

 
•  The shared community banking philosophies of Cardinal and United Bankshares, and each entity’s commitment to community

service and support of community-based non-profit organizations and causes;
 

 
•  The fact that Cardinal directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to,

those of other Cardinal shareholders;
 

 •  The likelihood of successful integration and operation of the combined company;
 

 •  The likelihood of obtaining the governmental approvals needed to complete the transaction;
 

 •  The potential cost-saving opportunities resulting from the merger;
 

 
•  The effects of the merger on Cardinal employees, including the prospects for continued employment and the severance and

other benefits agreed to be provided to Cardinal employees; and
 

 

•  The review by the Cardinal board of directors with its legal and financial advisors of the structure of the merger and the
financial and other terms of the merger, including the exchange ratio and the condition that the merger must qualify as a
transaction that will permit Cardinal shareholders to receive United Bankshares shares in exchange for their Cardinal shares on
a tax-free basis for federal income tax purposes.

 
66



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 78/233

Table of Contents

The Cardinal board of directors also considered a number of potential risks and uncertainties associated with the merger in
connection with its deliberation of the proposed transaction, including, without limitation, the following:
 

 •  The challenges of integrating Cardinal’s businesses, operations and employees with those of United Bankshares;
 

 
•  The need to obtain approval by shareholders of Cardinal and United Bankshares, as well as governmental approvals in order to

complete the transaction;
 

 •  The risks associated with the operations of the combined company including the ability to achieve the anticipated cost savings;
 

 
•  The risks associated with entry into the merger agreement and conduct of Cardinal’s business before the merger is completed,

and the impact that provisions of the merger agreement relating to reimbursement of expenses and payment of a termination fee
by Cardinal may have on Cardinal receiving superior acquisition offers; and

 

 
•  That the fixed exchange ratio, by its nature, would not adjust upwards to compensate for declines in United Bankshares’ stock

price prior to the completion of the merger, meaning that Cardinal shareholders would not be protected against decreases in
United Bankshares’ stock price prior to the completion of the merger.

The Cardinal board of directors also considered the structural protections included in the merger agreement, such as the ability of
Cardinal to terminate the merger agreement if, without limitation:
 

 
•  United Bankshares breaches the representation that, since December 31, 2015, no event has occurred or circumstance arisen

that is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect with respect to United Bankshares, which breach cannot be or has not
been cured within 30 days after written notice of the breach to United Bankshares;

 

 
•  The average closing price of United Bankshares common stock declines by more than 20% from the closing price immediately

prior to the public announcement of entry into the merger agreement, and United Bankshares common stock underperforms the
NASDAQ Bank Index by more than 15%, all as calculated pursuant to the merger agreement;

 

 
•  United Bankshares materially breaches any of its covenants or agreements under the merger agreement, which material breach

cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after written notice of the breach to United Bankshares; or
 

 
•  Any required approval of any government authority is denied by final nonappealable action of such government authority, or

the shareholders of United Bankshares or Cardinal do not approve the merger at the United Bankshares special meeting or the
Cardinal special meeting, respectively.

In addition, the Cardinal board of directors discussed the reverse break-up fee of $13.5 million payable to Cardinal if United
Bankshares does not satisfy any condition to approval of a governmental authority requiring United Bankshares to raise or obtain capital in
accordance with the terms required by the applicable governmental authority. This break-up fee is subject to Cardinal’s representations,
warranties and covenants being true as of the effective time and certain conditions to the closing being satisfied by Cardinal.

The Cardinal board of directors also noted that it could terminate the merger agreement in order to concurrently enter into an
agreement with respect to an unsolicited acquisition proposal that was received from a buyer other than United Bankshares and considered
by Cardinal in compliance with the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement and that would, if consummated, result in a
transaction that is more favorable to Cardinal shareholders than the merger. This termination right is conditioned on Cardinal providing
notice of the unsolicited acquisition proposal to United Bankshares, United Bankshares not making a revised offer to Cardinal that is at
least as favorable as the unsolicited acquisition proposal and Cardinal paying a $36.0 million
 

67



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 79/233

Table of Contents

break-up fee to United Bankshares. The amount of this potential fee was negotiated at arm’s-length and was deemed by the Cardinal board
of directors to be reasonable based upon the break-up fees paid in comparable transactions and the fact that multiple institutions had
already been given an opportunity to bid prior to the merger agreement being approved.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Cardinal board of directors is not intended to be
exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by the board of directors. In view of the wide variety and complexity of factors
considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the Cardinal board of directors did not find it practicable to, and did not attempt
to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determination and recommendation.
In addition, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The Cardinal board of directors did not undertake to
make any specific determination as to whether any factor, or any particular aspect of any factor, supported or did not support its ultimate
determination. The Cardinal board of directors based its recommendation on the totality of the information presented. The Cardinal board
of directors evaluated the factors described above, including asking questions of Cardinal’s legal and financial advisors. The Cardinal
board of directors relied on the experience and expertise of its legal advisors regarding the structure of the merger and the terms of the
merger agreement and on the experience and expertise of its financial advisor for quantitative analysis of the financial terms of the merger.

For the reasons set forth above, the Cardinal board of directors unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, are advisable and in the best interests of Cardinal and its shareholders, and
unanimously adopted and approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by it. The Cardinal board of directors
unanimously recommends that the Cardinal shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Cardinal Merger Proposal.

United Bankshares’ Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the United Bankshares Board of Directors

The United Bankshares board of directors considers the strategic direction of United Bankshares, including an evaluation of strategic
growth opportunities, on a regular basis. This consideration includes periodic discussions with United Bankshares management with
respect to business combination opportunities. In its evaluation of potential acquisition targets, the United Bankshares board of directors
considers numerous factors, including among other things the strength of the fit between the target and United Bankshares’ existing
business, the accretive or dilutive impact of the acquisition on United Bankshares’ earnings per share and other measures of profitability,
the projected strength of the combined enterprise, the expected pro forma effects of the transaction on the balance sheet of the combined
enterprise, and the impacts of the transaction on United Bankshares shareholders, employees, customers and other stakeholders.

In reaching its decision to adopt and approve the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock in
connection with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and to recommend that its shareholders
approve the merger agreement, the United Bankshares board of directors evaluated the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of
United Bankshares common stock and the other transactions in consultation with United Bankshares management, as well as United
Bankshares’ financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the following material factors:
 

 

•  United Bankshares’, Cardinal’s and the combined entity’s business, operations, financial condition, risk profile, asset quality,
earnings and prospects. In reviewing these factors, the United Bankshares board of directors considered its view that Cardinal’s
business and operations complement those of United Bankshares and that the merger would result in a combined company with
a more diversified revenue stream and an attractive funding base;

 

 
•  The combined entity will be the leading independent community bank operating throughout the most attractive markets in

Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C.
 

68



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 80/233

Table of Contents

 •  Cardinal’s familiarity with the Northern Virginia and Washington, D.C. markets;
 

 
•  The board’s understanding of the current and prospective environment in which United Bankshares and Cardinal operate,

including national and local economic conditions, the competitive environment for financial institutions generally and the likely
effect of these factors on United Bankshares both with and without the proposed transaction;

 

 •  Management’s expectation regarding cost synergies, accretion, tangible book value dilution and internal rate of return;
 

 •  Its review and discussions with United Bankshares management concerning the due diligence examination of Cardinal;
 

 
•  Sensitivity of the proposed transaction’s economic returns to a variety of factors, including changes to the amount of cost

synergies, Cardinal’s pro forma earnings, Cardinal’s rates of growth and estimated mark-to-market of the associated loan
portfolio;

 

 
•  The market for alternative merger or acquisition transactions in the banking industry and the likelihood and timing of other

material strategic transactions;
 

 
•  The complementary nature of the cultures and product mix of the two companies, including the fact that each company utilizes

the same service provider for its data processing platform, which management believes should facilitate integration and
implementation of the transaction;

 

 
•  Management’s expectation that the strong capital position maintained by each separate company prior to the completion of the

merger and the additional $200 million of non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock that United anticipates raising in
connection with the merger will contribute to a strong capital position for the combined entity upon completion of the merger;

 

 
•  The opinion, dated August 17, 2016, of KBW to the United Bankshares board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial

point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to United Bankshares of the exchange ratio in the proposed merger, as more
fully described below under “Opinion of United Bankshares’ Financial Advisor”;

 

 
•  The terms of the merger agreement, including the fixed exchange ratio, tax treatment and mutual deal protection and

termination fee provisions, which it reviewed with its outside legal and financial advisors;
 

 
•  The potential risks associated with and management’s recent experience in achieving anticipated cost synergies and savings and

successfully integrating Cardinal’s business, operations and workforce with those of Cardinal;
 

 
•  The nature and amount of payments to be received by Cardinal management in connection with the merger and the merger-

related costs and restructuring charges that will be incurred in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  The impact on treatment of United’s trust preferred securities as Tier 2 capital as a result of United’s assets exceeding $15

billion following the merger;
 

 
•  The potential risk of diverting management attention and resources from the operation of United Bankshares’ business and

towards the completion of the merger; and
 

 •  The regulatory and other approvals required in connection with the merger.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the United Bankshares board of directors is not intended to be
exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by the United Bankshares board of directors. In reaching its decision to approve
the merger agreement, the merger, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock to Cardinal shareholders in connection with the
merger, and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the United Bankshares board of directors did not quantify or
assign any
 

69



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 81/233

Table of Contents

relative weights to the factors considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The United
Bankshares board of directors considered all these factors as a whole, including discussions with, and questioning of, United Bankshares
management and United Bankshares’ financial and legal advisors, and overall considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its
determination.

For the reasons set forth above, the United Bankshares board of directors unanimously determined that the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, are advisable and in the best interests of United
Bankshares and its shareholders, and unanimously adopted and approved the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by it. The United Bankshares board of directors unanimously recommends that the United Bankshares shareholders
vote “FOR” the approval of the United Bankshares Merger Proposal and vote “FOR” the approval of the United Bankshares
Stock Issuance Proposal.

Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor

By letter dated April 5, 2016, Cardinal retained Sandler O’Neill, to act as financial advisor to Cardinal’s board of directors in
connection with Cardinal’s consideration of a possible business combination. Sandler O’Neill is a nationally recognized investment
banking firm whose principal business specialty is financial institutions. In the ordinary course of its investment banking business, Sandler
O’Neill is regularly engaged in the valuation of financial institutions and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and
other corporate transactions.

Sandler O’Neill acted as financial advisor in connection with the proposed transaction and participated in certain of the negotiations
leading to the execution of the merger agreement. At the August 14, 2016 meeting at which Cardinal’s board of directors considered and
discussed the terms of the merger agreement and the merger, Sandler O’Neill delivered to Cardinal’s board of directors its oral opinion,
which was subsequently confirmed in writing on August 17, 2016, to the effect that, as of such date, the exchange ratio was fair to the
holders of Cardinal common stock from a financial point of view. The full text of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion is attached as Appendix B
to this prospectus and joint proxy statement. The opinion outlines the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered
and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by Sandler O’Neill in rendering its opinion. The description of the
opinion set forth below is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. Holders of Cardinal common stock are
urged to read the entire opinion carefully in connection with their consideration of the proposed merger. 

Sandler O’Neill’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was directed to Cardinal’s board of directors
in connection with its consideration of the merger and is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
exchange ratio to the holders of Cardinal common stock. Sandler O’Neill’s opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
shareholder of Cardinal as to how such shareholder should vote at any meeting of shareholders called to consider and vote upon
the merger or any other matter. It does not address the underlying business decision of Cardinal to engage in the merger, the
relative merits of the merger as compared to any other alternative business strategies that might exist for Cardinal or the effect of
any other transaction in which Cardinal might engage. Sandler O’Neill did not express any opinion as to the fairness of the amount or
nature of the compensation to be received in the merger by any of Cardinal’s or United Bankshares’ officers, directors or employees, or
class of such persons, if any, relative to the compensation to be received in the merger by any other shareholder, including the merger
consideration to be received by Cardinal’s common shareholders. Sandler O’Neill’s opinion was approved by Sandler O’Neill’s fairness
opinion committee.

In connection with rendering its opinion, Sandler O’Neill reviewed, among other things:
 

 •  a draft of the merger agreement, dated August 16, 2016;
 

 
•  certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of Cardinal that Sandler O’Neill

deemed relevant;
 

70



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 82/233

Table of Contents

 
•  certain publicly available financial statements and other historical financial information of United Bankshares that Sandler

O’Neill deemed relevant;
 

 
•  publicly available consensus mean and median analyst earnings per share estimates for Cardinal for the years ending December

31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as
provided by the senior management of Cardinal;

 

 
•  publicly available consensus mean and median analyst earnings per share estimates for United Bankshares for the years ending

December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years
thereafter, as provided by the senior management of United Bankshares;

 

 

•  the pro forma financial impact of the Merger on United Bankshares based on certain assumptions relating to transaction costs,
purchase accounting adjustments, expected cost savings, a core deposit intangible asset, a provision expense and United
Bankshares’ issuance of a certain amount of perpetual preferred stock, as provided by the senior management of United
Bankshares;

 

 

•  the publicly reported historical price and trading activity for Cardinal common stock and United Bankshares common stock,
including a comparison of certain stock market information for Cardinal common stock and United Bankshares common stock
and certain stock indices, as well as publicly available information for certain other similar companies, the securities of which
are publicly traded;

 

 
•  a comparison of certain financial information for Cardinal and United Bankshares with similar institutions for which

information is publicly available;
 

 
•  the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the bank and thrift industry (on a nationwide basis), to the extent

publicly available;
 

 •  the current market environment generally and in the banking sector in particular; and
 

 
•  such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and financial, economic and market criteria as Sandler

O’Neill considered relevant.

Sandler O’Neill also discussed with certain members of senior management of Cardinal the business, financial condition, results of
operations and prospects of Cardinal and held similar discussions with the senior management of United Bankshares regarding the
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of United Bankshares.

In performing its review, Sandler O’Neill relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information that
was available to it from public sources, that was provided to it by Cardinal and United Bankshares, or their respective representatives, or
that was otherwise reviewed by it, and Sandler O’Neill assumed such accuracy and completeness for purposes of preparing its opinion.
Sandler O’Neill further relied on the assurances of the management of Cardinal and United Bankshares that they were not aware of any
facts or circumstances that would make any of such information inaccurate or misleading. Sandler O’Neill was not asked to and did not
undertake an independent verification of any such information and Sandler O’Neill did not assume any responsibility or liability for the
accuracy or completeness thereof. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the specific assets, the collateral
securing assets or the liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Cardinal or United Bankshares, or any of their respective subsidiaries, nor
were they furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. Sandler O’Neill rendered no opinion or evaluation on the collectability of any
assets or the future performance of any loans of Cardinal or United Bankshares. Sandler O’Neill did not make an independent evaluation
of the adequacy of the allowance for loan losses of Cardinal, United Bankshares or the combined entity after the merger and Sandler
O’Neill did not review any individual credit files relating to Cardinal or United Bankshares. Sandler O’Neill assumed, with Cardinal’s
consent, that the respective allowances for loan losses for both Cardinal and United Bankshares were adequate to cover such losses and
would be adequate on a pro forma basis for the combined entity.
 

71



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 83/233

Table of Contents

In preparing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill used publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for Cardinal
for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the
years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Cardinal. In addition, Sandler O’Neill used publicly available consensus mean
analyst earnings per share estimates for United Bankshares for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an
estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of United Bankshares.
Sandler O’Neill also received and used in its pro forma analyses certain assumptions relating to transaction costs, purchase accounting
adjustments, expected cost savings, a core deposit intangible asset, a provision expense and United Bankshares’ issuance of a certain
amount of perpetual preferred stock, as provided by the senior management of United Bankshares. With respect to the foregoing
information, the respective senior managements of Cardinal and United Bankshares confirmed to Sandler O’Neill that those estimates and
judgments reflected the best currently available estimates and judgments of those respective managements of the future financial
performance of Cardinal and United Bankshares, respectively, and Sandler O’Neill assumed that such performance would be achieved.
Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to such information or the assumptions on which such information was based. Sandler O’Neill
assumed that there had been no material change in the respective assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects of
Cardinal or United Bankshares since the date of the most recent financial data made available to Sandler O’Neill. Sandler O’Neill also
assumed in all respects material to its analysis that Cardinal and United Bankshares would remain as going concerns for all periods
relevant to its analyses.

Sandler O’Neill also assumed, with Cardinal’s consent, that (i) each of the parties to the merger agreement would comply in all
material respects with all material terms of the merger agreement and all related agreements, that all of the representations and warranties
contained in such agreements were true and correct in all material respects, that each of the parties to such agreements would perform in
all material respects all of the covenants required to be performed by such party under the agreements and that the conditions precedent in
such agreements were not and would not be waived, (ii) in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals,
consents and releases with respect to the merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition would be imposed that would have an
adverse effect on Cardinal, United Bankshares or the merger or any related transaction, (iii) the merger would be consummated without
Cardinal’s rights under Section 9.01(i) of the merger agreement having been triggered, and (iv) the merger and any related transaction
would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement without any waiver, modification or amendment of any
material term, condition or agreement thereof and in compliance with all applicable laws and other requirements. Finally, with Cardinal’s
consent, Sandler O’Neill relied upon the advice that Cardinal received from its legal, accounting and tax advisors as to all legal,
accounting and tax matters relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Sandler O’Neill’s analyses and the views expressed in its opinion were necessarily based on financial, economic, regulatory, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Sandler O’Neill as of the date of its opinion. Events occurring
after that date could materially affect Sandler O’Neill’s views and Sandler O’Neill did not undertake to update, revise, reaffirm or
withdraw its opinion or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the date of its opinion. Sandler O’Neill expressed no opinion as to
the trading values of Cardinal common stock or United Bankshares common stock at any time or what the value of United Bankshares
common stock would be once it is actually received by the holders of Cardinal common stock.

In rendering its opinion, Sandler O’Neill performed a variety of financial analyses. The summary below is not a complete description
of the analyses underlying Sandler O’Neill’s opinion or the presentation made by Sandler O’Neill to Cardinal’s board of directors, but is a
summary of all material analyses performed and presented by Sandler O’Neill. The summary includes information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses, these tables must be read together with the accompanying text. The
tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex
process involving subjective judgments as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of
 

72



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 84/233

Table of Contents

financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances. The process, therefore, is not necessarily
susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. Sandler O’Neill believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that
selecting portions of the factors and analyses to be considered without considering all factors and analyses, or attempting to ascribe
relative weights to some or all such factors and analyses, could create an incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion.
Also, no company included in Sandler O’Neill’s comparative analyses described below is identical to Cardinal or United Bankshares and
no transaction is identical to the merger. Accordingly, an analysis of comparable companies or transactions involves complex
considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the companies and other factors that
could affect the public trading values or merger transaction values, as the case may be, of Cardinal and United Bankshares and the
companies to which they are being compared. In arriving at its opinion, Sandler O’Neill did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor that it considered. Rather, Sandler O’Neill made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each
analysis and factor. Sandler O’Neill did not form an opinion as to whether any individual analysis or factor (positive or negative)
considered in isolation supported or failed to support its opinion, rather, Sandler O’Neill made its determination as to the fairness of the
exchange ratio on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all its analyses taken as a whole.

In performing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill also made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, business and
economic conditions and various other matters, many of which cannot be predicted and are beyond the control of Cardinal, United
Bankshares and Sandler O’Neill. The analyses performed by Sandler O’Neill are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future
results, both of which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by such analyses. Sandler O’Neill prepared its analyses
solely for purposes of rendering its opinion and provided such analyses to Cardinal’s board of directors at its August 14, 2016 meeting.
Estimates on the values of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which companies or their securities
may actually be sold. Such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty and actual values may be materially different. Accordingly,
Sandler O’Neill’s analyses do not necessarily reflect the value of Cardinal common stock or the prices at which Cardinal common stock or
United Bankshares common stock may be sold at any time. The analyses of Sandler O’Neill and its opinion were among a number of
factors taken into consideration by Cardinal’s board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the
analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of Cardinal’s board of directors or management with
respect to the fairness of the merger.

Summary of Proposed Merger Consideration and Implied Transaction Metrics. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the financial terms of the
proposed transaction. Using United Bankshares’ August 12, 2016 closing stock price of $38.40, and based upon Cardinal’s 32,459,179
shares of common stock outstanding and 1,015,904 options to acquire shares of common stock outstanding with a weighted average strike
price of $15.06, Sandler O’Neill calculated an aggregate implied transaction value of approximately $897 million, or a transaction price
per share of $27.26. Based upon financial information for Cardinal as or for the last twelve months (“LTM”) ended June 30, 2016, unless
otherwise noted, Sandler O’Neill calculated the following implied transaction metrics:
 

Transaction Price / LTM Net Income:    19.2x 
Transaction Price / 2016 Mean Analyst Estimates Earnings Per Share:    17.8x 
Transaction Price / 2017 Mean Analyst Estimates Earnings Per Share:    17.3x 
Transaction Price / Tangible Book Value Per Share:    220.2% 
Tangible Book Premium/Core Deposits¹:    18.9% 
Market Premium as of August 12, 2016:    6.0% 
Market Premium as of July 25, 2016²:    14.5% 
Market Premium as of July 12, 2016 (One Month Prior)    20.6% 

 
(1) Tangible book premium to core deposits calculated as (deal value – tangible equity) / (core deposits); Core Deposits defined as total

deposits less jumbo CDs (>$100,000).
 

73



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 85/233

Table of Contents

(2) Represents the closing price of Cardinal common stock on the trading day prior to the July 26, 2016 MergerMarket.com article that
first announced rumors of a possible sale of Cardinal

Stock Trading History. Sandler O’Neill reviewed the history of the publicly reported trading prices of Cardinal common stock and
United Bankshares common stock for both the year-to-date and the three-year period ended August 12, 2016. Sandler O’Neill then
compared the relationship between the movements in the prices of Cardinal and United Bankshares common stock, respectively, to
movements in their respective peer groups (as described below) as well as certain stock indices.

Cardinal Year-to-Date Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning

January 1, 2016  
Ending

August 12, 2016 
Cardinal    100%   113.1% 
Cardinal Peer Group    100%   107.3% 
NASDAQ U.S. Bank Index    100%   101.0% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   106.9% 

Cardinal Three-Year Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning

August 12, 2013  
Ending

August 12, 2016 
Cardinal    100%   151.8% 
Cardinal Peer Group    100%   144.8% 
NASDAQ U.S. Bank Index    100%   121.0% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   129.3% 

United Bankshares Year-to-Date Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning

January 1, 2016  
Ending

August 12, 2016 
United Bankshares    100%   103.8% 
United Bankshares Peer Group    100%   104.1% 
NASDAQ U.S. Bank Index    100%   101.0% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   106.9% 

United Bankshares Three-Year Stock Performance
 

   
Beginning

August 12, 2013  
Ending

August 12, 2016 
United Bankshares    100%   133.4% 
United Bankshares Peer Group    100%   127.3% 
NASDAQ U.S. Bank Index    100%   121.0% 
S&P 500 Index    100%   129.3% 

 
74



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 86/233

Table of Contents

Comparable Company Analyses. Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to compare selected financial information for
Cardinal with a group of financial institutions selected by Sandler O’Neill or the Cardinal Peer Group. The Cardinal Peer Group consisted
of publicly-traded holding companies, banks and thrifts headquartered in Delaware, Washington DC, Maryland and Virginia with total
assets between $2.0 billion and $10.0 billion, excluding announced merger targets, The Bancorp, Inc., and Xenith Bankshares, Inc. The
Cardinal Peer Group consisted of the following companies:
 

Union Bankshares Corporation   TowneBank
Eagle Bancorp, Inc.   WSFS Financial Corporation
Carter Bank & Trust   Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.
Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust   First Community Bancshares, Inc.

The analysis compared financial information for Cardinal with the corresponding publicly available data for the Cardinal Peer Group
as of or for the twelve months ended June 30, 2016 (unless otherwise noted), with pricing data as of August 12, 2016. The table below sets
forth the data for Cardinal and the high, low, median and mean data for the Cardinal Peer Group.

Cardinal Comparable Company Analysis
 

   Cardinal  

Cardinal
Peer

Group
Median   

Cardinal
Peer

Group
Mean   

Cardinal
Peer

Group
High   

Cardinal
Peer

Group
Low  

Total assets (in millions)   $ 4,197  $ 5,370  $ 5,409  $ 8,101  $ 2,495 
Loans/Deposits    97.3%   97.1%   89.6%   104.6%   60.3% 
Non-performing assets¹/Total assets    0.01%   0.75%   1.24%   4.30%   0.45% 
Tangible common equity/Tangible assets    9.65%   9.57%   9.66%   11.89%   7.76% 
Leverage ratio    10.38%   10.28%   10.43%   12.36%   7.71% 
Total risk-based capital ratio    11.86%   12.76%   13.43%   16.82%   11.79% 
Commercial real estate/Total risk-based capital    384.7%   273.3%   288.0%   393.2%   206.8% 
LTM Return on average assets    1.20%   0.99%   1.05%   1.52%   0.74% 
LTM Return on average equity    11.28%   8.62%   8.85%   11.87%   6.97% 
LTM Net interest margin    3.32%   3.68%   3.59%   4.34%   2.24% 
LTM Efficiency ratio    57.7%   61.5%   58.2%   64.7%   40.5% 
Price/Tangible book value    208%   174%   171%   251%   93% 
Price/LTM Earnings per share    18.1x   16.7x   16.3x   22.1x   9.5x 
Price/Median Analyst 2016E Earnings per share²    16.6x   16.1x   16.5x   18.3x   15.8x 
Current Dividend Yield    1.9%   2.8%   2.3%   3.7%   0.0% 
LTM Dividend ratio    32.4%   42.3%   33.4%   50.5%   0.0% 
Market value (in millions)   $ 835  $ 904  $ 907  $ 1,710  $ 348 
 
(1) Nonperforming assets defined as nonaccrual loans and leases, renegotiated loans and leases, and real estate owned.
(2) Based on analyst earnings per share estimates as reported by FactSet.

Note: Financial data for the institutions in the Cardinal Peer Group is not pro forma for any publicly announced and pending
transactions. Commercial real estate/Total risk-based capital for Eagle Bancorp, Inc. and Price/Tangible book value, Price/LTM EPS, and
LTM Dividend ratio for Burke & Herbert Bank & Trust are as of or for the twelve months ending March 31, 2016.

Sandler O’Neill used publicly available information to perform a similar analysis for United Bankshares and a group of financial
institutions as selected by Sandler O’Neill or the United Bankshares Peer Group. The United
 

75



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 87/233

Table of Contents

Bankshares Peer Group consisted of holding companies, banks and thrifts whose securities are traded on the NYSE or NASDAQ with total
assets between $12.0 billion and $20.0 billion headquartered in the U.S., excluding announced merger targets and Puerto Rican
institutions. The United Bankshares Peer Group consisted of the following companies:
 

UMB Financial Corporation   First Hawaiian, Inc.
Fulton Financial Corporation   Western Alliance Bancorporation
MB Financial, Inc.   Bank of Hawaii Corporation
Washington Federal, Inc.   Old National Bancorp
BancorpSouth, Inc.   Flagstar Bancorp, Inc.
Cathay General Bancorp   Hilltop Holdings, Inc.
Sterling Bancorp   Trustmark Corporation
Bank of the Ozarks, Inc.   

The analysis compared financial information for United Bankshares with the corresponding publicly available data for the United
Bankshares Peer Group as of or for the twelve months ended June 30, 2016 (unless otherwise noted) with pricing data as of August 12,
2016. The table below sets forth the data for United Bankshares and the high, low, median and mean data for the United Bankshares Peer
Group.

United Bankshares Comparable Company Analysis
 

   
United

Bankshares  

United
Bankshares

Peer 
Group
Median   

United
Bankshares

Peer 
Group
Mean   

United
Bankshares

Peer 
Group
High   

United
Bankshares

Peer 
Group
Low  

Total assets (in millions)   $ 14,338  $ 14,420  $ 15,197  $ 19,734  $ 12,280 
Loans/Deposits    101.0%   87.8%   84.2%   100.4%   61.1% 
Non-performing assets¹/Total assets    0.99%   0.85%   0.84%   2.20%   0.21% 
Tangible common equity/Tangible assets    8.33%   8.97%   9.37%   11.67%   7.11% 
Leverage ratio    11.48%   9.93%   10.21%   13.26%   7.29% 
Total risk-based capital ratio    12.63%   13.45%   14.40%   20.19%   11.71% 
Commercial real estate/Total risk-based capital    341.6%   169.4%   184.2%   410.3%   49.0% 
LTM Return on average assets    1.08%   1.10%   1.13%   2.01%   0.66% 
LTM Return on average equity    7.72%   8.27%   9.35%   15.36%   6.51% 
LTM Net interest margin    3.58%   3.58%   3.51%   4.94%   2.68% 
LTM Efficiency ratio    48.3%   64.0%   59.9%   82.6%   33.4% 
Price/Tangible book value    262%   166%   187%   263%   117% 
Price/LTM Earnings per share    20.0x   16.5x   16.5x   22.3x   11.8x 
Price/Median Analyst 2016E Earnings per share²    19.2x   15.4x   15.2x   18.4x   11.7x 
Current Dividend Yield    3.4%   2.0%   1.8%   3.8%   0.0% 
LTM Dividend ratio    68.2%   32.9%   28.0%   59.4%   0.0% 
Market value (in millions)   $ 2,933  $ 2,386  $ 2,621  $ 4,515  $ 1,551 
 
(1) Nonperforming assets defined as nonaccrual loans and leases, renegotiated loans and leases, and real estate owned.
(2) Based on analyst earnings per share estimates as reported by FactSet.

Note: Financial data for the institutions in the United Bankshares Peer Group is not pro forma for any publicly announced and
pending transactions. Commercial real estate/total risk-based capital for Fulton Financial Corporation, Western Alliance Bancorporation,
MB Financial, Inc., Washington Federal, Inc., BancorpSouth, Inc., and Hilltop Holdings Inc. is as of March 31, 2016. ROAA, ROAE, Net
interest margin, and Efficiency ratio for First Hawaiian, Inc. is for the three months ending June 30, 2016 annualized.
 

76



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 88/233

Table of Contents

Analysis of Selected Merger Transactions. Sandler O’Neill reviewed a group of selected merger and acquisition transactions or the
Precedent Transactions. The Precedent Transactions group consisted of nationwide holding company, bank and thrift transactions with
disclosed deal value and target total assets between $2.0 billion and $10.0 billion announced between January 1, 2014 and August 12,
2016, excluding mergers of equals transactions and transactions where less than 100% of the stock was acquired. The Precedent
Transactions group was composed of the following transactions:
 
Buyer   Target
F.N.B. Corp.   Yadkin Financial Corporation
First Midwest Bancorp, Inc.   Standard Bancshares Inc.
People’s United Financial Inc.   Suffolk Bancorp
Old National Bancorp   Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc.
Capital Bank Financial Corp.   CommunityOne Bancorp
MB Financial Inc.   American Chartered Bancorp Inc.
Bank of the Ozarks Inc.   Community & Southern Holdings Inc.
Yadkin Financial Corporation   NewBridge Bancorp
BB&T Corp.   National Penn Bancshares Inc.
F.N.B. Corp.   Metro Bancorp Inc.
PacWest Bancorp   Square 1 Financial Inc.
Sterling Bancorp   Hudson Valley Holding Corp.
Banner Corp.   Starbuck Bancshares Inc.
First Citizens BancShares Inc.   First Citizens Bancorp

Using the latest publicly available information prior to the announcement of the relevant transaction, Sandler O’Neill reviewed the
following transaction metrics: transaction price to last-twelve-months earnings per share, transaction price to estimated earnings per share,
transaction price to tangible book value per share, tangible book premium to core deposits, 1-day market premium, and 1-month market
premium. Sandler O’Neill compared the indicated transaction multiples for the merger to the high, low, mean and median multiples of the
Precedent Transactions group.
 

   

Cardinal/
United

Bankshares   

Precedent
Transactions

Median   

Precedent
Transactions

Mean   

Precedent
Transactions

High   

Precedent
Transactions

Low  
Transaction price/LTM earnings per share:    19.2x   21.4x   20.6x   47.4x   2.1x 
Transaction price/Estimated earnings per share:    17.8x   21.1x   24.7x   44.0x   16.8x 
Transaction price/Tangible book value per share:    220%   192%   182%   263%   118% 
Core deposit premium:    18.9%   10.3%   10.8%   19.8%   1.5% 
1-day market premium:    6.0%/14.5%¹   18.3%   20.1%   42.8%   (0.7%) 
1-month market premium:    20.6%   19.9%   23.1%   45.8%   6.6% 
 
(1) Represents the one day market premium and the premium to the closing price of Cardinal common stock on the trading day prior to

the July 26, 2016 MergerMarket.com article that first announced rumors of a possible sale of Cardinal, respectively.

Net Present Value Analyses. Sandler O’Neill performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of Cardinal
common stock assuming Cardinal performed in accordance with publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates
for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 and an estimated earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter,
as provided by the senior management of Cardinal, as well as a projected dividend growth rate, as discussed with and confirmed by senior
management of Cardinal. To approximate the terminal value of a share of Cardinal common stock at December 31, 2020, Sandler O’Neill
applied price to 2020 earnings multiples ranging from 12.0x to 20.0x and multiples of December 31,
 

77



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 89/233

Table of Contents

2020 tangible book value ranging from 160% to 235%. The terminal values were then discounted to present values using different
discount rates ranging from 6.7% to 11.7%, which were chosen to reflect different assumptions regarding required rates of return of
holders or prospective buyers of Cardinal common stock As illustrated in the following tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of
values per share of Cardinal common stock of $15.78 to $31.09 when applying multiples of earnings and $18.78 to $33.08 when applying
multiples of tangible book value.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   12.0x   14.0x   16.0x   18.0x   20.0x
6.7%   $19.44  $22.35  $25.26  $28.18  $31.09
7.7%   $18.63  $21.41  $24.20  $26.99  $29.78
8.7%   $17.86  $20.53  $23.19  $25.86  $28.53
9.7%   $17.13  $19.68  $22.24  $24.79  $27.35
10.7%   $16.44  $18.88  $21.33  $23.78  $26.22
11.7%   $15.78  $18.12  $20.47  $22.81  $25.16

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   160%   175%   190%   205%   220%   235%
6.7%   $23.17  $25.15  $27.13  $29.12  $31.10  $33.08
7.7%   $22.20  $24.09  $25.99  $27.89  $29.79  $31.68
8.7%   $21.27  $23.09  $24.91  $26.72  $28.54  $30.36
9.7%   $20.40  $22.14  $23.88  $25.62  $27.36  $29.10
10.7%   $19.57  $21.24  $22.90  $24.57  $26.23  $27.90
11.7%   $18.78  $20.38  $21.97  $23.57  $25.17  $26.76

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the Cardinal board of directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in
the underlying assumptions, including variations with respect to net income. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar
analysis assuming Cardinal’s net income varied from 25% above estimates to 25% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the following
range of per share values for Cardinal common stock, applying the price to 2020 earnings multiples range of 12.0x to 20.0x referred to
above and a discount rate of 9.24%.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual Budget
Variance   12.0x   14.0x   16.0x   18.0x   20.0x
(25.0%)   $13.57  $15.53  $17.49  $19.45  $21.40
(20.0%)   $14.35  $16.44  $18.53  $20.62  $22.71
(15.0%)   $15.14  $17.36  $19.58  $21.80  $24.01
(10.0%)   $15.92  $18.27  $20.62  $22.97  $25.32
(5.0%)   $16.70  $19.18  $21.67  $24.15  $26.63
0.0%   $17.49  $20.10  $22.71  $25.32  $27.93
5.0%   $18.27  $21.01  $23.75  $26.50  $29.24
10.0%   $19.05  $21.93  $24.80  $27.67  $30.54
15.0%   $19.84  $22.84  $25.84  $28.84  $31.85
20.0%   $20.62  $23.75  $26.89  $30.02  $33.15
25.0%   $21.40  $24.67  $27.93  $31.19  $34.46
 

78



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 90/233

Table of Contents

Sandler O’Neill also performed an analysis that estimated the net present value per share of United Bankshares common stock
assuming that United Bankshares performed in accordance with publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for
United Bankshares for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated earnings per share growth rate
and estimated dividends for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of United Bankshares. To approximate the terminal
value of United Bankshares common stock at December 31, 2020, Sandler O’Neill applied price to 2020 earnings multiples ranging from
12.0x to 20.0x and multiples of December 31, 2020 tangible book value ranging from 160% to 260%. The terminal values were then
discounted to present values using different discount rates ranging from 7.4% to 12.4% which were chosen to reflect different assumptions
regarding required rates of return of holders or prospective buyers of United Bankshares common stock. As illustrated in the following
tables, the analysis indicated an imputed range of values per share of United Bankshares common stock of $20.24 to $38.39 when
applying earnings multiples and $21.10 to $39.29 when applying multiples of tangible book value.

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   12.0x   14.0x   16.0x   18.0x   20.0x
7.4%   $24.97  $28.33  $31.68  $35.04  $38.39
8.4%   $23.92  $27.13  $30.33  $33.53  $36.73
9.4%   $22.93  $25.99  $29.05  $32.11  $35.17
10.4%   $21.98  $24.91  $27.83  $30.75  $33.68
11.4%   $21.09  $23.88  $26.68  $29.47  $32.27
12.4%   $20.24  $22.91  $25.59  $28.26  $30.93

Tangible Book Value Multiples
 
Discount
Rate   160%   180%   200%   220%   240%   260%
7.4%   $26.05  $28.70  $31.35  $33.99  $36.64  $39.29
8.4%   $24.95  $27.48  $30.01  $32.54  $35.06  $37.59
9.4%   $23.91  $26.33  $28.74  $31.16  $33.57  $35.98
10.4%   $22.93  $25.23  $27.54  $29.85  $32.15  $34.46
11.4%   $21.99  $24.20  $26.40  $28.61  $30.81  $33.02
12.4%   $21.10  $23.21  $25.32  $27.43  $29.54  $31.65

Sandler O’Neill also considered and discussed with the Cardinal board of directors how this analysis would be affected by changes in
the underlying assumptions, including variations with respect to net income. To illustrate this impact, Sandler O’Neill performed a similar
analysis assuming United Bankshares’ net income varied from 25% above estimates to 25% below estimates. This analysis resulted in the
following range of per share values for United Bankshares common stock, applying the price to 2020 earnings multiples range of 12.0x to
20.0x referred to above and a discount rate of 9.90%.
 

79



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 91/233

Table of Contents

Earnings Per Share Multiples
 
Annual
Budget
Variance   12.0x   14.0x   16.0x   18.0x   20.0x
(25.0%)   $17.96  $20.21  $22.45  $24.69  $26.94
(20.0%)   $18.86  $21.25  $23.65  $26.04  $28.43
(15.0%)   $19.76  $22.30  $24.84  $27.38  $29.93
(10.0%)   $20.66  $23.35  $26.04  $28.73  $31.42
(5.0%)   $21.55  $24.39  $27.23  $30.08  $32.92
0.0%   $22.45  $25.44  $28.43  $31.42  $34.41
5.0%   $23.35  $26.49  $29.63  $32.77  $35.91
10.0%   $24.24  $27.53  $30.82  $34.11  $37.40
15.0%   $25.14  $28.58  $32.02  $35.46  $38.90
20.0%   $26.04  $29.63  $33.22  $36.80  $40.39
25.0%   $26.94  $30.67  $34.41  $38.15  $41.89

In connection with its analyses, Sandler O’Neill considered and discussed with the Cardinal board of directors how the present value
analyses would be affected by changes in the underlying assumptions. Sandler O’Neill noted that the net present value analysis is a widely
used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly dependent upon the numerous assumptions that must be made,
and the results thereof are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results.

Pro Forma Merger Analysis. Sandler O’Neill analyzed certain potential pro forma effects of the merger, assuming the merger closes
at the end of the first calendar quarter of 2017, all outstanding shares of Cardinal common stock are converted into United Bankshares
common stock at the exchange ratio, and all outstanding Cardinal options are converted into United Bankshares options on the same terms.
In performing this analysis, Sandler O’Neill utilized the following information: (i) publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per
share estimates for Cardinal for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings
per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Cardinal; (ii) publicly available consensus mean
analyst earnings per share estimates for United Bankshares for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an
estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of United Bankshares;
and (iii) certain assumptions relating to transaction costs, purchase accounting adjustments, expected cost savings, a core deposit
intangible asset, a provision expense and United Bankshares’ issuance of a certain amount of perpetual preferred stock, as provided by the
senior management of United Bankshares. The analysis indicated that the merger could be accretive to United Bankshares’ earnings per
share (excluding one-time transaction costs and expenses) in 2017 and accretive to United Bankshares’ estimated tangible book value per
share at close.

In connection with this analysis, Sandler O’Neill considered and discussed with the Cardinal board of directors how the analysis
would be affected by changes in the underlying assumptions, including the impact of final purchase accounting adjustments determined at
the closing of the transaction, and noted that the actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from projected results and the
variations may be material.

Sandler O’Neill’s Relationship. Sandler O’Neill has acted as financial advisor to Cardinal in connection with the merger and will
receive a fee for such services in an amount equal to 0.75% of the aggregate purchase price, or approximately $6,840,000, which fee shall
be due and payable in immediately available funds on the day of closing of the merger. Sandler O’Neill also received a $500,000 fee upon
rendering its fairness opinion to the Cardinal Board of Directors, which opinion fee will be credited in full towards the fee becoming due
and payable to Sandler O’Neill on the day of closing of the merger. Cardinal has also agreed to reimburse Sandler O’Neill for its
reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its engagement, including the reasonable fees and disbursements of its legal
counsel. Cardinal has also agreed to indemnify Sandler O’Neill
 

80



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 92/233

Table of Contents

and its affiliates and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees and agents against certain expenses and liabilities, including
liabilities under applicable federal or state law.

In the two years preceding the date of Sandler O’Neill’s opinion, Sandler O’Neill has provided certain investment banking services
to United Bankshares and has received customary compensation for such services. Most recently, Sandler O’Neill acted as financial
advisor to United Bankshares in connection with its acquisition of Bank of Georgetown, which transaction closed on June 3, 2016 and for
which Sandler O’Neill received a fee in an amount equal to $350,000. Sandler O’Neill has advised the Cardinal board of directors that it
may provide, and receive customary compensation for, investment banking services to United Bankshares in the future, including during
the pendency of the merger. In addition, in the ordinary course of Sandler O’Neill’s business as a broker-dealer, Sandler O’Neill may
purchase securities from and sell securities to Cardinal and United Bankshares and its affiliates. Sandler O’Neill may also actively trade
the equity and debt securities of Cardinal and United Bankshares or its affiliates for its own account and for the accounts of its customers.

Opinion of United Bankshares’ Financial Advisor

United Bankshares engaged Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., or KBW, to render financial advisory and investment banking services to
United Bankshares, including an opinion to the United Bankshares board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to
United Bankshares of the exchange ratio in the proposed merger. United Bankshares selected KBW because KBW is a nationally
recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience in transactions similar to the merger. As part of its investment banking
business, KBW is continually engaged in the valuation of financial services businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and
acquisitions.

As part of its engagement, representatives of KBW attended the meeting of the United Bankshares board held on August 17, 2016 at
which the United Bankshares board of directors evaluated the proposed merger. At this meeting, KBW reviewed the financial aspects of
the proposed merger and rendered an opinion to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the procedures followed, assumptions made,
matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by KBW as set forth in such opinion, the exchange ratio in
the proposed merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to United Bankshares. The United Bankshares board of directors approved
the merger agreement at this meeting.

The description of the opinion set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion, which is attached
as Appendix C to this document and is incorporated herein by reference, and describes the procedures followed, assumptions made,
matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by KBW in preparing the opinion.

KBW’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was for the information of, and was directed to, the
United Bankshares board of directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with its consideration of the financial terms of the
merger. The opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the exchange ratio in the merger to United
Bankshares. It did not address the underlying business decision of United Bankshares to engage in the merger or enter into the
merger agreement or constitute a recommendation to the United Bankshares board of directors in connection with the merger, and
it does not constitute a recommendation to any holder of United Bankshares common stock or any shareholder of any other entity
as to how to vote in connection with the merger or any other matter, nor does it constitute a recommendation as to whether or not
any such shareholder should enter into a voting, shareholders’, affiliates’ or other agreement with respect to the Merger or
exercise any dissenters’ or appraisal rights that may be available to such shareholder.

KBW’s opinion was reviewed and approved by KBW’s Fairness Opinion Committee in conformity with its policies and procedures
established under the requirements of Rule 5150 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.
 

81



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 93/233

Table of Contents

In connection with the opinion, KBW reviewed, analyzed and relied upon material bearing upon the financial and operating
condition of United Bankshares and Cardinal and bearing upon the merger, including, among other things:
 

 •  a draft of the merger agreement, dated August 14, 2016 (the most recent draft then made available to KBW);
 

 
•  the audited financial statements and the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 of

United Bankshares;
 

 
•  the unaudited quarterly financial statements and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016

and June 30, 2016 of United Bankshares;
 

 
•  the audited financial statements and the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 of

Cardinal;
 

 
•  the unaudited quarterly financial statements and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016

and June 30, 2016 of Cardinal;
 

 
•  certain regulatory filings of United Bankshares and Cardinal and their respective subsidiaries, including the quarterly reports on

Form FR Y-9C and the quarterly call reports required to be filed with respect to each quarter during the three year period ended
June 30, 2016;

 

 •  certain other interim reports and other communications of United Bankshares and Cardinal to their respective shareholders; and
 

 
•  other financial information concerning the businesses and operations of United Bankshares and Cardinal furnished to KBW by

United Bankshares and Cardinal or which KBW was otherwise directed to use for purposes of its analysis.

KBW’s consideration of financial information and other factors that it deemed appropriate under the circumstances or relevant to its
analyses included, among others, the following:
 

 •  the historical and current financial position and results of operations of United Bankshares and Cardinal;
 

 •  the assets and liabilities of United Bankshares and Cardinal;
 

 •  the nature and terms of certain other merger transactions and business combinations in the banking industry;
 

 
•  a comparison of certain financial and stock market information of United Bankshares and Cardinal with similar information for

certain other companies the securities of which were publicly traded;
 

 

•  publicly-available consensus “street estimates” of Cardinal for 2016 and 2017, as well as assumed Cardinal long term growth
rates provided to KBW by United Bankshares management, all of which information was discussed with KBW by United
Bankshares management and Cardinal management and used and relied upon by KBW at the direction of United Bankshares
management with the consent of the United Bankshares board of directors;

 

 

•  publicly available consensus “street estimates” of United Bankshares for 2016 and 2017, as well as assumed United Bankshares
long term growth rates provided to KBW by United Bankshares management, all of which information was discussed with
KBW by such management and used and relied upon by KBW at the direction of such management and with the consent of the
United Bankshares board of directors; and

 

 

•  estimates regarding certain pro forma financial effects of the merger on United Bankshares (including, without limitation, the
potential cost savings and related expenses expected to result or be derived from the merger) that were prepared by United
Bankshares management, provided to and discussed with KBW by such management, and used and relied upon at the direction
of such management with the consent of the United Bankshares board of directors.

 
82



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 94/233

Table of Contents

KBW also performed such other studies and analyses as it considered appropriate and took into account its assessment of general
economic, market and financial conditions and its experience in other transactions, as well as its experience in securities valuation and
knowledge of the banking industry generally. KBW also participated in discussions that were held with the respective managements of
United Bankshares and Cardinal regarding the past and current business operations, regulatory relations, financial condition and future
prospects of their respective companies and such other matters that KBW deemed relevant to its inquiry.

In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, KBW relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information that was provided to it or publicly available and did not independently verify the accuracy or completeness
of any such information or assume any responsibility or liability for such verification, accuracy or completeness. KBW relied upon the
management of United Bankshares as to the reasonableness and achievability of the publicly available consensus “street estimates” and
long term growth rates of United Bankshares and Cardinal referred to above that were provided to or otherwise discussed with KBW by
such management, and that in each case KBW was directed by such management to use. KBW further relied upon such management as to
the reasonableness and achievability of the estimates regarding certain pro forma financial effects of the merger on United Bankshares
(and the assumptions and bases therefor) that were prepared by, and provided to and discussed with KBW by, such management and that
KBW was directed by such management to use. KBW assumed, at the direction of United Bankshares, that all of the foregoing
information was reasonably prepared on bases reflecting, or in the case of the United Bankshares and Cardinal publicly available “street
estimates” referred to above were consistent with, the best currently available estimates and judgments of United Bankshares management,
and that the forecasts, projections and estimates reflected in such information would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods
estimated.

It is understood that the assumed long term growth rates and estimates referred to above that were provided to KBW by United
Bankshares were not prepared with the expectation of public disclosure, that all such assumed long term growth rates and estimates,
together with the publicly available consensus “street estimates” of United Bankshares and Cardinal referred to above, were based on
numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain, including, without limitation, factors related to general economic and
competitive conditions and that, accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from those set forth in such information. KBW
assumed, based on discussions with the respective managements of United Bankshares and Cardinal and with the consent of the United
Bankshares board of directors, that all such information provided a reasonable basis upon which KBW could form its opinion and KBW
expressed no view as to any such information or the assumptions or bases therefor. KBW relied on all such information without
independent verification or analysis and did not in any respect assume any responsibility or liability for the accuracy or completeness
thereof.

KBW assumed that there were no material changes in the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations, business or
prospects of either United Bankshares or Cardinal since the date of the last financial statements of each such entity that were made
available to KBW. KBW is not an expert in the independent verification of the adequacy of allowances for loan and lease losses and KBW
assumed, without independent verification and with United Bankshares’ consent, that the aggregate allowances for loan and lease losses
for United Bankshares and Cardinal are adequate to cover such losses. In rendering its opinion, KBW did not make or obtain any
evaluations or appraisals or physical inspection of the property, assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of United Bankshares or
Cardinal, the collateral securing any of such assets or liabilities, or the collectability of any such assets, nor did KBW examine any
individual loan or credit files, nor did it evaluate the solvency, financial capability or fair value of United Bankshares or Cardinal under
any state or federal laws, including those relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or other matters. Estimates of values of companies and assets
do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which companies or assets may actually be sold. Because such estimates
are inherently subject to uncertainty, KBW assumed no responsibility or liability for their accuracy.
 

83



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 95/233

Table of Contents

KBW assumed, in all respects material to its analyses:
 

 

•  the merger and any related transaction would be completed substantially in accordance with the terms set forth in the merger
agreement (the final terms of which KBW assumed would not differ in any respect material to its analyses from the latest draft
version of the merger agreement that had been reviewed by KBW (except as was otherwise described to KBW by
representatives of United Bankshares)) with no adjustments to the exchange ratio;

 

 
•  that any related transactions (including the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately

$200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock) would be completed substantially in accordance with the terms set
forth in the merger agreement or as otherwise described to KBW by representatives of United Bankshares;

 

 
•  the representations and warranties of each party in the merger agreement and in all related documents and instruments referred

to in the merger agreement were true and correct;
 

 
•  each party to the merger agreement or any of the related documents would perform all of the covenants and agreements

required to be performed by such party under such documents;
 

 

•  that there are no factors that would delay or subject to any adverse conditions, any necessary regulatory or governmental
approval for the merger and any related transactions (including the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential
issuance of approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock) and that all conditions to the completion
of the merger and any related transaction would be satisfied without any waivers or modifications to the merger agreement or
any related documents; and

 

 

•  in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory, contractual, or other consents or approvals for the merger and any related
transactions (including the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately $200,000,000
in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock), no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements, termination or other
payments or amendments or modifications, would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on the future results of
operations or financial condition of United Bankshares, Cardinal or the pro forma entity or the contemplated benefits of the
merger, including the cost savings and related expenses expected to result or be derived from the merger.

KBW assumed that the merger would be consummated in a manner that complied with the applicable provisions of the Securities
Act, the Exchange Act and all other applicable federal and state statutes, rules and regulations. KBW was further advised by
representatives of United Bankshares that United Bankshares relied upon advice from its advisors (other than KBW) or other appropriate
sources as to all legal, financial reporting, tax, accounting and regulatory matters with respect to United Bankshares, Cardinal, UBV, the
merger and any related transaction (including the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately
$200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock), and the merger agreement. KBW did not provide advice with respect to any
such matters. At the direction of United Bankshares and with the consent of the United Bankshares board of directors, KBW assumed, for
purposes of certain of its analyses and KBW’s opinion, the completion of United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately
$200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock as described to KBW by representatives of United Bankshares.

KBW’s opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, as of the date of such opinion, of the exchange ratio in the
merger to United Bankshares. KBW expressed no view or opinion as to any other terms or aspects of the merger or any terms or aspects of
any related transaction (including the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately $200,000,000 in
non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock), including without limitation, the form or structure of the merger or any related transaction, the
treatment of outstanding trust preferred securities of Cardinal in the merger, any consequences of the merger or any related transaction to
United Bankshares, its shareholders, creditors or otherwise, or any terms, aspects or implications of any employment, consulting, voting,
support, stockholder or other agreements, arrangements or understandings contemplated or entered into in connection with the merger, any
related transaction, or otherwise. KBW’s
 

84



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 96/233

Table of Contents

opinion was necessarily based upon conditions as they existed and could be evaluated on the date of such opinion and the information
made available to KBW through such date. Developments subsequent to the date of KBW’s opinion may have affected, and may affect,
the conclusion reached in KBW’s opinion and KBW did not and does not have an obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.
KBW’s opinion did not address, and KBW expressed no view or opinion with respect to:
 

 •  the underlying business decision of United Bankshares to engage in the merger or enter into the merger agreement;
 

 
•  the relative merits of the merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that are, have been or may be available to or

contemplated by United Bankshares or the United Bankshares board of directors;
 

 
•  the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to any of United Bankshares’ officers, directors or employees, or any

class of such persons, relative to any compensation to the holders of United Bankshares common stock or relative to the
exchange ratio;

 

 
•  the effect of the merger or any related transaction on, or the fairness of the consideration to be received by, holders of any class

of securities of United Bankshares or Cardinal or any other party to any transaction contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 
•  any adjustment (as provided in the merger agreement (except as has been otherwise described to KBW by representatives of

United Bankshares)) to the exchange ratio assumed for purposes of KBW’s opinion;
 

 •  the actual value of United Bankshares common stock to be issued in the merger;
 

 
•  the prices, trading range or volume at which United Bankshares common stock or Cardinal common stock might trade

following the public announcement of the merger;
 

 
•  the prices, trading range or volume at which United Bankshares common stock might trade following the consummation of the

merger;
 

 
•  any advice or opinions provided by any other advisor to any of the parties to the merger or any other transaction contemplated

by the merger agreement; or
 

 

•  any legal, regulatory, accounting, tax or similar matters relating to United Bankshares, Cardinal, any of their respective
shareholders, UBV, or relating to or arising out of or as a consequence of the merger or any other related transaction (including
the bank subsidiary merger and United Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative
perpetual preferred stock), including whether or not the merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for United
Bankshares States federal income tax purposes.

In performing its analyses, KBW made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic,
market and financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of KBW, United Bankshares and Cardinal. Any estimates
contained in the analyses performed by KBW are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which may be significantly
more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or securities do not purport to
be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which such businesses or securities might actually be sold. Accordingly, these analyses and
estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. In addition, the KBW opinion was among several factors taken into
consideration by the United Bankshares board of directors in making its determination to approve the merger agreement and the merger.
Consequently, the analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of the United Bankshares board of
directors with respect to the fairness of the exchange ratio. The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger were determined
through negotiation between United Bankshares and Cardinal and the decision to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of the
United Bankshares board of directors.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by KBW to the United Bankshares board of directors in
connection with its opinion. The summary is not a complete description of the financial analyses underlying the opinion or the presentation
made by KBW to the United Bankshares board of directors,
 

85



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 97/233

Table of Contents

but summarizes the material analyses performed and presented in connection with such opinion. The financial analyses summarized below
include information presented in tabular format. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. The
preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various determinations as to appropriate and relevant methods of
financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances. Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily
susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, KBW did not attribute any particular weight to any
analysis or factor that it considered, but rather made qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor.
Accordingly, KBW believes that its analyses and the summary of its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of
its analyses and factors or focusing on the information presented below in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or
the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create
a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion.

For purposes of the financial analyses described below, KBW utilized an implied transaction value for the proposed merger of $911.6
million, or $27.69 per outstanding share of Cardinal common stock, based on the exchange ratio in the proposed merger and the closing
price of United Bankshares common stock on August 16, 2016. In addition to the financial analyses described below, KBW reviewed with
the United Bankshares board of directors for informational purposes, among other things, the implied transaction multiple for the proposed
merger of 17.5x Cardinal’s estimated 2017 earnings per share, or EPS, taken from consensus “street estimates” for Cardinal and based on
the implied transaction value for the proposed merger of $27.69 per outstanding share of Cardinal common stock.

Cardinal Selected Companies Analysis. Using publicly available information, KBW compared the financial performance, financial
condition and market performance of Cardinal to 19 major exchange-traded banks and bank holding companies, referred to as the Cardinal
selected companies, headquartered in Maryland, Pennsylvania, Virginia, West Virginia, Delaware and Washington, D.C. with total assets
between $2.0 billion and $10.0 billion. Merger targets were excluded from the Cardinal selected companies.

The Cardinal selected companies were as follows:
 

Customers Bancorp, Inc.   Sandy Spring Bancorp, Inc.
Northwest Bancshares, Inc.   Bancorp, Inc.
WesBanco, Inc.
Union Bankshares Corporation   

City Holding Company
TriState Capital Holdings, Inc.

TowneBank
First Commonwealth Financial Corporation
S&T Bancorp, Inc.
Eagle Bancorp, Inc.
WSFS Financial Corporation
Beneficial Bancorp, Inc.   

Univest Corporation of Pennsylvania
Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation
First Community Bancshares, Inc.
CNB Financial Corporation
Xenith Bankshares, Inc.

To perform this analysis, KBW used profitability data and other financial information for, as of, or, in the case of latest 12 months, or
LTM, information, through, the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 (which was the most recent completed quarter (“MRQ”) available) and
market price information as of August 16, 2016. KBW also used 2016 and 2017 EPS estimates taken from consensus “street estimates” for
Cardinal and the Cardinal selected companies. Certain financial data prepared by KBW, as referenced in the tables presented below, may
not correspond to the data presented in Cardinal’s historical financial statements, or the data prepared by Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P.
presented under the section “The Merger – Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor,” as a result of the different periods, assumptions and
methods used by KBW to compute the financial data presented.
 

86



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 98/233

Table of Contents

KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the financial performance of Cardinal and the Cardinal selected companies:
 
       Cardinal Selected Companies  

   Cardinal   
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
MRQ Core Return on Average Assets (%)    1.40    0.83    0.95    0.97    1.13 
MRQ Core Return on Average Equity (%)    13.02    6.67    8.14    8.29    10.54 
MRQ Net Interest Margin (%)    3.33    3.26    3.45    3.49    3.82 
MRQ Fee Income / Revenue Ratio (%)    34.9    20.3    27.2    24.7    35.0 
MRQ Efficiency Ratio (%)    53.4    63.8    62.5    60.8    56.7 
 
(1) Core income excludes extraordinary items, nonrecurring items, gain/loss on sale of securities and amortization of intangibles.
(2) Excludes gain/loss on sale of securities.

KBW’s analysis also showed the following concerning the financial condition of Cardinal and the Cardinal selected companies:
 

 

     Cardinal Selected Companies  

  Cardinal  
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets (%)    9.65   8.28    9.32    8.75    9.71 
Total Risk Based Capital Ratio (%)    11.86   12.43    13.74    12.77    14.45 
Loans / Deposits (%)    97.3   91.5    94.3    97.5    102.5 
Loan Loss Reserve / Gross Loans (%)    0.91   0.66    0.87    0.84    1.10 
Nonperforming Assets / Loans + OREO (%)    0.01   1.52    1.28    0.89    0.67 
MRQ Net Charge-Offs / Average Loans (%)    (0.02)   0.19    0.11    0.11    0.03 

In addition, KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the market performance of Cardinal and the Cardinal selected
companies (excluding the impact of the LTM EPS multiples of three of the Cardinal selected companies and the 2016 estimated EPS
multiples of two of the Cardinal selected companies, which multiples were not considered to be meaningful because they were greater than
30.0x or negative):
 

 

      Cardinal Selected Companies  

  Cardinal   
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
One – Year Stock Price Change (%)    9.2    4.3    8.7    11.5    16.3 
One – Year Total Return (%)    11.6    5.8    11.1    14.6    18.0 
Year-to-date (“YTD”) Stock Price Change (%)    13.3    4.8    6.1    7.5    11.9 
Stock Price / Book Value per Share (x)    1.91    1.18    1.31    1.24    1.37 
Stock Price / Tangible Book Value per Share (x)    2.08    1.53    1.69    1.74    1.86 
Stock Price / LTM EPS (x)    18.2    13.7    16.3    16.5    18.2 
Stock Price / 2016 EPS (x)    16.9    13.7    15.0    15.4    16.3 
Stock Price / 2017 EPS (x)    16.4    12.5    14.1    13.5    15.0 
Dividend Yield (%)    1.9    0.3    2.1    2.7    3.1 
2016 Dividend Payout (%)    31.4    5.4    34.1    41.7    48.7 

No company used as a comparison in the above selected companies analysis is identical to Cardinal. Accordingly, an analysis of
these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of the companies involved.
 

87

(1)

(1)

(2)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 99/233

Table of Contents

United Bankshares Selected Companies Analysis. Using publicly available information, KBW compared the financial performance,
financial condition and market performance of United Bankshares to 18 major exchange-traded U.S. banks and bank holding companies,
referred to as the United Bankshares selected companies, with total assets between $10.0 billion and $20.0 billion. Merger targets were
excluded from the United Bankshares selected companies.

The United Bankshares selected companies were as follows:
 

UMB Financial Corporation   Cathay General Bancorp
Fulton Financial Corporation   Hilltop Holdings Inc.
Western Alliance Bancorporation
MB Financial, Inc.   

Sterling Bancorp
Trustmark Corporation

Bank of Hawaii Corporation
Washington Federal, Inc.
Old National Bancorp
BancorpSouth, Inc.
Flagstar Bancorp, Inc.   

Bank of the Ozarks, Inc.
International Bancshares Corporation
Great Western Bancorp, Inc.
First Midwest Bancorp, Inc.
Banc of California, Inc.

To perform this analysis, KBW used profitability data and other financial information for, as of, or, in the case of LTM information,
through, the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2016 and market price information as of August 16, 2016. KBW also used 2016 and 2017 EPS
estimates taken from consensus “street estimates” for United Bankshares and, to the extent available, the United Bankshares selected
companies. Certain financial data prepared by KBW, as referenced in the tables presented below, may not correspond to the data presented
in United Bankshares’ historical financial statements, or the data prepared by Sandler O’Neill + Partners, L.P. presented under the section
“The Merger – Opinion of Cardinal’s Financial Advisor,” as a result of the different periods, assumptions and methods used by KBW to
compute the financial data presented.

KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the financial performance of United Bankshares and the United Bankshares
selected companies:
 
       United Selected Companies  

   United   
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
MRQ Core Return on Average Assets (%)    1.10    0.97    1.11    1.08    1.17 
MRQ Core Return on Average Equity (%)    7.69    7.63    9.38    8.58    11.00 
MRQ Net Interest Margin (%)    3.63    3.23    3.53    3.54    3.76 
MRQ Fee Income / Revenue Ratio (%)    14.7    14.3    30.4    30.5    37.3 
MRQ Efficiency Ratio (%)    46.6    68.4    60.8    63.6    50.7 
 
(1) Core income excludes extraordinary items, nonrecurring items, gain/loss on sale of securities and amortization of intangibles.
(2) Excludes gain/loss on sale of securities.
 

88

(1)

(1)

(2)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 100/233

Table of Contents

KBW’s analysis also showed the following concerning the financial condition of United Bankshares and the United Bankshares
selected companies:
 
       United Selected Companies  

   United    
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets (%)    8.33    8.30    9.31    8.94    10.44 
Total Risk Based Capital Ratio (%)    12.63    12.54    14.35    13.28    14.96 
Loans / Deposits (%)    101.0    79.3    85.1    88.4    92.8 
Loan Loss Reserve / Gross Loans (%)    0.69    0.72    0.97    1.02    1.16 
Nonperforming Assets / Loans + OREO (%)    1.36    1.53    1.30    1.24    0.84 
MRQ Net Charge-Offs / Average Loans (%)    0.44    0.22    0.20    0.09    0.03 

In addition, KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the market performance of United Bankshares and, to the extent
publicly available, the United Bankshares selected companies:
 
      United Selected Companies  

   United  
25th

Percentile   Mean    Median   
75th

Percentile 
One – Year Stock Price Change (%)    (2.3)   2.8    10.9    6.2    14.6 
One – Year Total Return (%)    1.2   4.2    13.2    8.9    17.3 
Year-to-date (“YTD”) Stock Price Change (%)    5.4   1.8    10.2    8.7    16.3 
Stock Price / Book Value per Share (x)    1.48   1.17    1.43    1.26    1.43 
Stock Price / Tangible Book Value per Share (x)    2.66   1.55    1.84    1.71    2.23 
Stock Price / LTM EPS (x)    20.3   15.1    16.5    16.4    17.9 
Stock Price / 2016 EPS (x)    19.6   14.1    15.2    15.3    16.0 
Stock Price / 2017 EPS (x)    18.3   12.7    13.8    13.6    15.0 
Dividend Yield (%)    3.4   1.7    1.9    2.0    2.3 
2016 Dividend Payout (%)    66.4   25.5    29.4    31.7    33.0 

No company used as a comparison in the above selected companies analysis is identical to United Bankshares. Accordingly, an
analysis of these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial
and operating characteristics of the companies involved.
 

89



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 101/233

Table of Contents

Select Transactions Analysis. KBW reviewed publicly available information related to 17 selected U.S. bank transactions, referred
to as the Group 1 selected transactions, announced since January 1, 2013, with announced deal values greater than $500 million.
Transactions where the acquired company was a mutual holding company, transactions with non-bank buyers, mergers of equals and
terminated transactions were excluded from the selected transactions. The selected transactions were as follows:
 
Acquiror   Acquired Company
F.N.B. Corporation   Yadkin Financial Corporation
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce   PrivateBancorp, Inc.
Huntington Bancshares Incorporated   FirstMerit Corporation
KeyCorp   First Niagara Financial Group, Inc.
New York Community Bancorp, Inc.
Bank of the Ozarks, Inc.
BB&T Corporation
PacWest Bancorp
Royal Bank of Canada
BB&T Corporation
Banner Corporation
Sterling Bancorp
First Citizens BancShares, Inc.
Umpqua Holdings Corporation
PacWest Bancorp
MB Financial, Inc.
Banco de Credito e Inversiones SA   

Astoria Financial Corporation
Community & Southern Holdings, Inc.
National Penn Bancshares, Inc.
Square 1 Financial, Inc.
City National Corporation
Susquehanna Bancshares, Inc.
Starbuck Bancshares, Inc.
Hudson Valley Holding Corp.
First Citizens Bancorporation, Inc.
Sterling Financial Corporation
CapitalSource Inc.
Taylor Capital Group, Inc.
CM Florida Holdings, Inc.

For each Group 1 selected transaction, KBW derived the following implied transaction statistics, in each case based on the
transaction consideration value paid for the acquired company and using financial data based on the acquired company’s then latest
publicly available financial statements and, to the extent publicly available, forward year EPS consensus “street estimates” prior to the
announcement of the respective transaction:
 

 
•  Price per common share to tangible book value per share of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions

involving a private acquired company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by total
tangible common equity);

 

 
•  Tangible equity premium to core deposits (total deposits less time deposits greater than $100,000) of the acquired company,

referred to as core deposit premium;
 

 
•  Price per common share to LTM EPS of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions involving a private acquired

company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by LTM net income); and
 

 
•  Price per common share to estimated EPS of the acquired company in the 13 Group 1 selected transactions in which consensus

“street estimates” for the acquired company were then available.

KBW also reviewed the price per common share paid for the acquired company for the 15 Group 1 selected transactions in which the
acquired company was publicly traded as a premium/discount to the closing price of the acquired company one day prior to the
announcement of the acquisition (expressed as a percentage and referred to as the one-day market premium). The above transaction
statistics for the Group 1 selected transactions were compared with the corresponding transaction statistics for the proposed merger based
on the implied transaction value for the proposed merger of $911.6 million and using historical financial information for Cardinal as of or
for the 12 months ended June 30, 2016 and 2016 EPS consensus “street estimates” for Cardinal.
 

90



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 102/233

Table of Contents

The results of the analysis are set forth in the following table (excluding the impact of the LTM EPS multiple for one of the Group 1
selected transactions, which multiple was not considered to be meaningful because it was greater than 75.0x):
 

 
  United /

Cardinal
Merger  

  Group 1 Selected Transactions  
    25th

Percentile 
  

Mean  
  

Median 
  75th

Percentile Transaction Price to           
Price to Tangible Book Value (x)    2.24    1.68    1.89    1.82    2.19 
Core Deposit Premium (%)    19.5    7.8    13.1    12.3    17.2 
Price to LTM EPS (x)    19.5    15.1    20.6    19.2    22.9 
Price to Estimated EPS (x)    18.1    17.4    21.2    19.1    21.1 
One – Day Market Premium (%)    7.4    11.8    22.2    20.1    32.9 

KBW then reviewed publicly available information related to 9 selected U.S. bank transactions, referred to as the Group 2 selected
transactions, announced since January 1, 2013 with announced deal values greater than $250 million, and the acquired company’s return
on average assets greater than 1.00% and the acquired company’s non-performing assets / total assets less than 1.50%. Transactions with
non-bank buyers, mergers of equals and terminated transactions were excluded from the selected transactions. The selected transactions
were as follows:
 
Acquiror   Acquired Company
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce
South State Corporation
MB Financial, Inc.
BB&T Corporation
Western Alliance Bancorporation
PacWest Bancorp
ViewPoint Financial Group, Inc.
Prosperity Bancshares, Inc.
Banco de Credito e Inversiones SA   

PrivateBancorp, Inc.
Southeastern Bank Financial Corporation
American Chartered Bancorp, Inc.
National Penn Bancshares, Inc.
Bridge Capital Holdings
Square 1 Financial, Inc.
LegacyTexas Group, Inc.
FVNB Corp.
CM Florida Holdings, Inc.

For each Group 2 selected transaction, KBW derived the following implied transaction statistics, in each case based on the
transaction consideration value paid for the acquired company and using financial data based on the acquired company’s then latest
publicly available financial statements and, to the extent publicly available, forward year EPS consensus “street estimates” prior to the
announcement of the respective transaction:
 

 
•  Price per common share to tangible book value per share of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions

involving a private acquired company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by total
tangible common equity);

 

 •  Core deposit premium;
 

 
•  Price per common share to LTM EPS of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions involving a private acquired

company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by LTM net income); and
 

 
•  Price per common share to estimated EPS of the acquired company in the four Group 2 selected transactions in which

consensus “street estimates” for the acquired company were then available.

KBW also reviewed the one-day market premiums for the six Group 2 selected transactions in which the acquired company was
publicly traded. The above transaction statistics for the Group 2 selected transactions were compared with the corresponding transaction
statistics for the proposed merger based on the implied transaction value for the proposed merger of $911.6 million and using historical
financial information for Cardinal as of or for the 12 months ended June 30, 2016 and 2016 EPS consensus “street estimates” for Cardinal.
 

91



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 103/233

Table of Contents

The results of the analysis are set forth in the following table:
 
   United /

Cardinal
Merger  

  Group 2 Selected Transactions  
     25th

Percentile 
  

Mean  
  

Median 
  75th

Percentile Transaction Price to           
Price to Tangible Book Value (x)    2.24    2.19    2.25    2.22    2.39 
Core Deposit Premium (%)    19.5    13.2    14.7    14.7    15.6 
Price to LTM EPS (x)    19.5    16.7    18.2    17.7    19.4 
Price to Estimated EPS (x)    18.1    18.1    19.2    19.0    20.1 
One – Day Market Premium (%)    7.4    18.4    25.1    24.9    37.5 

No company or transaction used as a comparison in the above selected transactions analysis is identical to Cardinal or the proposed
merger. Accordingly, an analysis of these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments
concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved.

Relative Contribution Analysis. KBW analyzed the relative standalone contribution of United Bankshares and Cardinal to various
pro forma balance sheet and income statement items of the combined entity. This analysis did not include purchase accounting adjustments
or cost savings. To perform this analysis, KBW used (i) balance sheet data for United Bankshares and Cardinal as of June 30, 2016, and
(ii) estimated earnings data for United Bankshares and Cardinal taken from consensus “street estimates” for United Bankshares and
Cardinal. The results of KBW’s analysis are set forth in the following table, which also compares the results of KBW’s analysis with the
implied pro forma ownership percentages of United Bankshares and Cardinal shareholders in the combined company based on the
exchange ratio in the merger:
 

   

United
as a % of

Total   

Cardinal
as a % of

Total  
Ownership    
Ownership at 100% Stock    77.0%   23.0% 
Balance Sheet    
Assets    77%   23% 
Gross Loans    77%   23% 
Deposits    76%   24% 
Tangible Common Equity    74%   26% 
Income Statement    
2016 Est. GAAP Net Income    74%   26% 
2017 Est. GAAP Net Income    76%   24% 

Pro Forma Financial Impact Analysis. KBW performed a pro forma financial impact analysis that combined projected income
statement and balance sheet information of United Bankshares and Cardinal. Using closing balance sheet estimates as of June 30, 2017 for
United Bankshares and Cardinal provided by United Bankshares management, EPS consensus “street estimates” for United Bankshares
and Cardinal and pro forma assumptions (including, without limitation, the cost savings and related expenses expected to result from the
merger, certain accounting adjustments assumed with respect thereto and assumptions relating to United Bankshares’ potential issuance of
approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock) provided by United Bankshares management, KBW analyzed
the estimated financial impact of the merger on certain projected financial results. This analysis indicated that the merger could be
accretive to United Bankshares’ 2017 and 2018 estimated EPS both including and excluding United Bankshares’ potential issuance of
approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock and could also be accretive to United Bankshares’ estimated
tangible book value per share as of June 30, 2017. Furthermore, the analysis indicated that, pro forma for the merger and United
Bankshares’ potential issuance of approximately $200,000,000 in non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, United Bankshares’ tangible
common equity to tangible assets ratio and
 

92



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 104/233

Table of Contents

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio could be higher, while United Bankshares’ leverage ratio, Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio, and Tier 1
Risk-Based Capital Ratio as of June 30, 2017 could be lower. For all of the above analysis, the actual results achieved by United
Bankshares following the merger may vary from the projected results, and the variations may be material.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. KBW performed a discounted cash flow analysis to estimate a range for the implied equity value of
Cardinal, taking into account the cost savings and related expenses expected to result from the merger as well as certain accounting
adjustments assumed with respect thereto. In this analysis, KBW used EPS consensus “street estimates” of Cardinal for 2016 and 2017,
assumed long term growth rates provided by United Bankshares management, and estimated cost savings and related expenses and
accounting adjustments provided by United Bankshares management. KBW assumed discount rates ranging from 9.0% to 13.0%. The
ranges of values were derived by adding (i) the present value of the estimated excess cash flows that Cardinal could generate over the
five-year period from 2017 to 2021 and (ii) the present value of Cardinal’s implied terminal value at the end of such period, in each case
applying estimated cost savings and related expenses and accounting adjustments. KBW assumed that Cardinal would maintain a tangible
common equity to tangible assets ratio of 8.50% and would retain sufficient earnings to maintain that level. In calculating the terminal
value of Cardinal, KBW applied a range of 12.0x to 18.0x estimated 2022 earnings. This discounted cash flow analysis resulted in a range
of implied values per share of Cardinal common stock, taking into account the cost savings and related expenses expected to result from
the merger as well as certain accounting adjustments assumed with respect thereto, of $24.52 per share to $38.25 per share.

The discounted cash flow analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly dependent
on the assumptions that must be made, including asset and earnings growth rates, terminal values, dividend payout rates, and discount
rates. The analysis did not purport to be indicative of the actual values or expected values of Cardinal.

Miscellaneous. KBW acted as financial advisor to United Bankshares in connection with the proposed merger and did not act as an
advisor to or agent of any other person. As part of its investment banking business, KBW is continually engaged in the valuation of bank
and bank holding company securities in connection with acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for various other purposes. As specialists in the securities of banking companies,
KBW has experience in, and knowledge of, the valuation of banking enterprises. In the ordinary course of their broker-dealer businesses,
KBW and its affiliates may from time to time purchase securities from, and sell securities to, United Bankshares and Cardinal and their
respective affiliates, and as market makers in securities, KBW and its affiliates may from time to time have a long or short position in, and
buy or sell, debt or equity securities of United Bankshares or Cardinal for its and their own accounts and for the accounts of its and their
respective customers and clients.

Pursuant to the KBW engagement agreement, United Bankshares agreed to pay KBW a non-refundable cash fee of $1,500,000,
$300,000 of which became payable concurrently with the rendering of KBW’s opinion and the balance of which is contingent upon the
consummation of the merger. United Bankshares also agreed to reimburse KBW for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements
incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify KBW against certain liabilities relating to or arising out of KBW’s
engagement or KBW’s role in connection therewith. Other than in connection with the present engagement, KBW has not provided
investment banking and financial advisory services to United Bankshares during the two years preceding the date of its opinion. In the two
years preceding the date of its opinion, KBW did not provide investment banking and financial advisory services to Cardinal. KBW may
in the future provide investment banking and financial advisory services to United Bankshares or Cardinal and receive compensation for
such services.
 

93



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 105/233

Table of Contents

Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

United Bankshares and Cardinal do not as a matter of course make public projections as to future performance, revenues, earnings or
other financial results due to, among other reasons, the inherent uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, United
Bankshares and Cardinal are including in this prospectus and joint proxy statement certain unaudited prospective financial information that
each of United Bankshares and Cardinal made available to the other party in connection with the other party’s evaluation of the merger and
to Sandler O’Neill, in its capacity as Cardinal’s financial advisor, and that United Bankshares made available to KBW, in its capacity as
United Bankshares’ financial advisor. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as an indication that any of United
Bankshares, Cardinal, KBW, Sandler O’Neill, their respective representatives or any other recipient of this information considered, or now
considers, it to be necessarily predictive of actual future results or that it should be construed as financial guidance, and it should not be
relied on as such.

The following unaudited financial information was prepared solely for internal use and is subjective in many respects. The unaudited
prospective financial information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions made with respect to business, economic, market,
competition, regulatory and financial conditions and matters specific to United Bankshares’ and Cardinal’s respective businesses, all of
which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond United Bankshares’ and Cardinal’s control. The unaudited prospective
financial information reflects both assumptions as to certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective
judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments.
Neither United Bankshares nor Cardinal can give any assurance that the unaudited prospective financial information and the underlying
estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited prospective financial information covers multiple years, such
information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. Actual results may differ materially from those set forth
below, and important factors that may affect actual results and cause the unaudited prospective financial information to be inaccurate
include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to United Bankshares’ and Cardinal’s respective businesses, industry
performance, general business and economic conditions, customer requirements, competition and adverse changes in applicable laws,
regulations or rules. For other factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on page 28 and page 20, respectively, of this prospectus and joint
proxy statement and in United Bankshares’ and Cardinal’s respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December
31, 2015, and the other reports filed by each of United Bankshares and Cardinal with the SEC.

The unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with a
view toward compliance with GAAP, published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. In addition, the unaudited prospective financial
information requires significant estimates and assumptions that make it inherently less comparable to the similarly titled GAAP measures
in United Bankshares’ or Cardinal’s historical GAAP financial statements. Neither United Bankshares’ nor Cardinal’s independent
registered public accounting firm, nor any other independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with
respect to the unaudited prospective financial information contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of
assurance on such information or its achievability. The independent registered public accountant reports included in this prospectus and
joint proxy statement relate to historical financial information of each of United Bankshares and Cardinal. They do not extend to the
unaudited prospective financial information and should not be read to do so.

Furthermore, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after
the date it was prepared. Neither United Bankshares nor Cardinal can give any assurance that, had the unaudited prospective financial
information been prepared as of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement, similar estimates and assumptions would be used.
United Bankshares and Cardinal each do not intend to, and disclaim any obligation to, make publicly available any update or other
 

94



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 106/233

Table of Contents

revision to the unaudited prospective financial information to reflect circumstances existing since their preparation or to reflect the
occurrence of unanticipated events, even in the event that any or all of the underlying assumptions are shown to be in error, or to reflect
changes in general economic or industry conditions. The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the
possible financial and other effects on either United Bankshares or Cardinal, as applicable, of the merger and does not attempt to predict or
suggest future results of the combined company. The unaudited prospective financial information of Cardinal and United Bankshares does
not give effect to the impact of negotiating or executing the merger agreement, the expenses that may be incurred in connection with
consummating the merger, the potential synergies that may be achieved by the combined company as a result of the merger, the effect of
any business or strategic decision or action that has been or will be taken as a result of the merger agreement having been executed, or the
effect on either United Bankshares or Cardinal, as applicable, of any business or strategic decisions or actions that would likely have been
taken if the merger agreement had not been executed, but which were instead altered, accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of
the merger. Further, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the effect on either United Bankshares or
Cardinal, as applicable, of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of United Bankshares, Cardinal, KBW, Sandler O’Neill or
their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any
representation to any shareholder of United Bankshares or Cardinal or other person regarding United Bankshares’ or Cardinal’s ultimate
performance compared to the information contained in the unaudited prospective financial information or that the projected results will be
achieved.

The inclusion of the unaudited prospective financial information herein should not be deemed an admission or representation by
United Bankshares or Cardinal that such information is viewed as material information of United Bankshares or Cardinal, respectively,
particularly in light of the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with such information.

In light of the foregoing, and considering that the United Bankshares special meeting and the Cardinal special meeting will be held
several months after the unaudited prospective financial information was prepared, as well as the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted
information, United Bankshares shareholders and Cardinal shareholders are cautioned not to place unwarranted reliance on such
information, and all United Bankshares shareholders and Cardinal shareholders are urged to review United Bankshares’ most recent SEC
filings for a description of United Bankshares’ reported financial results and Cardinal’s most recent SEC filings for a description of
Cardinal’s reported financial results. See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141 of this prospectus and joint proxy
statement.

Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of Cardinal

Cardinal provided Sandler O’Neill with an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate of 8% per year for Cardinal for years
2018 through 2020.

United Bankshares provided KBW with an assumed long-term earnings per share growth rate of 4.0% per year for Cardinal for years
2018 through 2020.

Certain Unaudited Prospective Financial Information of United Bankshares

United Bankshares provided Cardinal, KBW and Sandler O’Neill with an assumed long-term earnings per share growth rate of 4.0%
per year for United Bankshares for years 2018 through 2020.

Certain Unaudited Prospective Pro Forma Financial Information

The following unaudited pro forma financial information reflecting the effect of the merger was provided by senior management of
United Bankshares to KBW and Sandler O’Neill and was reviewed by Cardinal:
 

 •  Cost savings equal to 25% of Cardinal’s projected non-interest expense for 2016;
 

 •  Approximately $32 million in one-time after-tax merger costs;
 

95



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 107/233

Table of Contents

 
•  Purchase accounting adjustments of a credit mark on loans equal to approximately $33 million (Cardinal’s second quarter 2016

allowance for loan losses); and
 

 •  Core deposit intangibles of 1.25%, amortized sum-of-years digits method over 10 years.

United Bankshares Capital Raise Through Issuance of Common Stock

In connection with the merger, United Bankshares contemplated raising additional capital by issuing approximately $200 million in
non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock, common stock or some combination thereof. Based upon its assessment of the equity markets,
United Bankshares initially anticipated that it would issue non-cumulative perpetual preferred stock. However, to take advantage of
changed capital market conditions, on December 21, 2016, United Bankshares issued 4,330,000 shares of common stock, resulting in
approximately $200 million in net proceeds. For the anticipated pro forma impact of the common stock issuance see, “Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” on page 33.

United Bankshares Board of Directors Following Completion of the Merger

Upon completion of the merger, the number of directors constituting the United Bankshares board of directors will be increased by
one, and Bernard H. Clineburg, Executive Chairman of the Cardinal board of directors, will be appointed as a director.

Public Trading Markets

United Bankshares common stock trades on Nasdaq under the symbol “UBSI.” Cardinal common stock trades on Nasdaq under the
symbol “CFNL.” Upon completion of the merger, Cardinal common stock will be delisted from Nasdaq and deregistered under the
Exchange Act. The newly issued United Bankshares common stock issuable pursuant to the merger agreement will be listed on Nasdaq.

Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

Cardinal Shareholders Do Not Have Appraisal Rights in the Merger

In general, dissenters’ appraisal rights are statutory rights that, if applicable under law, enable shareholders to dissent from an
extraordinary transaction, such as a merger, and to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares as determined by a court
in a judicial proceeding instead of receiving the consideration offered to shareholders in connection with the extraordinary transaction.

Section 13.1-730 of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act provides that shareholders of a Virginia corporation such as Cardinal have
the right, in some circumstances, to dissent from certain corporate action and to instead demand payment of the fair value of their shares.
However, shareholders do not have dissenters’ rights with respect to shares of any class of stock that listed on the New York Stock
Exchange or listed on Nasdaq on the record date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of
shareholders to act upon the corporate action requiring appraisal rights.

Cardinal common stock is listed on Nasdaq; therefore, holders of Cardinal common stock will not be entitled to dissenters’ appraisal
rights in the merger with respect to their shares of Cardinal common stock.

United Bankshares Shareholders Do Not Have Appraisal Rights in the Merger

Dissenters’ appraisal rights are statutory rights that, if applicable under law, enable shareholders to dissent from an extraordinary
transaction, such as a merger, and to demand that the corporation pay the fair value for their shares as determined by a court in a judicial
proceeding instead of receiving the consideration offered to shareholders in connection with the extraordinary transaction.

Under the West Virginia Business Corporation Act, shareholders are not entitled to relief as dissenting shareholders if the shares of
the corporation for which the dissenting shareholder would otherwise be entitled to relief are listed on the New York Stock Exchange or
the American Stock Exchange or designated as a national
 

96



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 108/233

Table of Contents

market system security on an interdealer quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., like Nasdaq, as of the
record date fixed to determine the shareholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of shareholders to act upon the merger.

Because United Bankshares common stock is listed on Nasdaq, an interdealer quotation system, and because the proposed merger
and the issuance of shares of United Bankshares common stock otherwise satisfy the foregoing requirements, holders of United
Bankshares common stock will not be entitled to dissenters’ appraisal rights in the merger with respect to their shares of United
Bankshares common stock. Additionally, holders of United Bankshares common stock will not be entitled to dissenters’ appraisal rights
with respect to the amendment to the United Bankshares articles of incorporation.

Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendations of the Cardinal board of directors that Cardinal shareholders vote in favor of the Cardinal
Merger Proposal, Cardinal shareholders should be aware that Cardinal directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger
that differ from, or are in addition to, their interests as shareholders of Cardinal. The Cardinal board of directors was aware of these
interests and took them into account in its decision to approve and adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement, including the merger.

Service as a Director of United Bankshares and United Bank

Under the merger agreement, one individual from Cardinal, Bernard H. Clineburg, who currently serves as the Executive Chairman
of the Cardinal board of directors, will join the United Bankshares board of directors at the effective time of the merger. In addition, the
merger agreement provides for the appointment of two individuals from Cardinal, each of whom is expected to be a current director of
Cardinal Bank, to be appointed to the board of directors of United Bank following completion of the merger of United Bank and Cardinal
Bank. As directors of United Bankshares or United Bank, these former Cardinal and Cardinal Bank directors will be eligible to receive the
same cash compensation paid to other members of the United Bankshares or United Bank boards of directors, respectively. United
Bankshares is required to nominate Mr. Clineburg for election as a director at the next annual meeting of United Bankshares immediately
following the effective time of the merger and to solicit proxies for Mr. Clineburg in the same manner as it does for all other members of
United Bankshares’ slate of directors in connection with such meeting. United Bank is not required by the merger agreement to re-
nominate the former Cardinal and Cardinal Bank directors at future United Bank shareholder meetings.

Options to Acquire Cardinal Common Stock

As of the record date for the Cardinal special meeting, the Cardinal and Cardinal Bank directors and executive officers owned, in the
aggregate, options to purchase 397,090 shares of Cardinal common stock granted under a Cardinal equity compensation plan. Under the
merger agreement, at the effective time of the merger each such stock option that is outstanding and not yet exercised immediately prior to
the merger, whether vested or unvested, will vest pursuant to the terms thereof and will be converted into an option to acquire, on the same
terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock option, the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock equal to
(a) the number of shares of Cardinal common stock subject to such stock option multiplied by (b) 0.71. Such product shall be rounded
down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share (rounded up to the next whole cent) of each United Bankshares stock
option issued for the Cardinal stock option shall equal (y) the exercise price per share of shares of Cardinal common stock that were
purchasable pursuant to such Cardinal stock option divided by (z) 0.71.

Each Cardinal stock option that is intended to be an “incentive stock option” (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) shall be adjusted
in accordance with the requirements of Section 424 of the Code. At or prior to the effective time of the merger, Cardinal must use its
reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary consents from
 

97



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 109/233

Table of Contents

optionees with respect to the Cardinal equity compensation plans to permit replacement of the outstanding Cardinal stock options by
United Bankshares and to permit United Bankshares to assume the Cardinal equity compensation plans. Cardinal must take all action
necessary to amend the Cardinal equity compensation plans to eliminate automatic grants or awards thereunder following the effective
time. At the effective time of the merger, United Bankshares shall assume the Cardinal equity compensation plans; but that assumption
shall only be with respect to the United Bankshares granted replacement options pursuant to the merger agreement and, United Bankshares
shall have no obligation to make any additional grants or awards under the Cardinal equity compensation plans.

As of December 31, 2016, shares underlying options that will vest at the effective time of the merger held by the Cardinal named
executive officers were as follows: Mr. Clineburg – 21,671 shares; Mr. Bergstrom – 8,669 shares; Ms. Frazier – 6,669 shares; Mr.
Reynolds – 4,835 shares; and Mr. Wendel – 4,168 shares.

Restricted Shares of Cardinal Common Stock

As of the record date for the Cardinal special meeting, the Cardinal and Cardinal Bank directors and executive officers owned, in the
aggregate, 61,339 restricted shares of Cardinal common stock granted under a Cardinal equity compensation plan. At the effective time of
the merger, all of such restricted shares owned by executive officers of Cardinal and Cardinal Bank that are outstanding immediately prior
to the merger will vest under the terms of the restricted stock agreements pursuant to which these restricted shares were granted and will
be freely transferable. Shares of restricted stock that are outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
converted into shares of United Bankshares common stock at the effective time of the merger in accordance with the exchange ratio,
whether or not such shares are vested.

Employment Agreements with Cardinal Executive Officers

Certain Cardinal directors and executive officers have employment and severance agreements that provide such directors or
executive officers with severance benefits if their employment is terminated in connection with the merger. The aggregate compensation
that certain Cardinal directors and named executive officers may receive as a result of the merger is as follows: Bernard H. Clineburg, –
 $11,379,115; Christopher W. Bergstrom – $5,312,282; Alice P. Frazier – $1,772,476; F. Kevin Reynolds – $1,124,716 and Mark A.
Wendel $356,594.

Cardinal currently has employment agreements with each of Messrs. Clineburg, Bergstrom, Reynolds and Ms. Frazier. Mr. Wendel
has no written employment agreement with Cardinal or any affiliate.

Bernard H. Clineburg

Mr. Clineburg’s employment agreement with Cardinal contains a gross-up for excise taxes that may apply under Section 4999 of the
Code.

Assuming the merger closes in 2017, the 280G limit for Mr. Clineburg (after which excise taxes under Section 4999 would apply,
and Mr. Clineburg would be entitled to an additional payment sufficient to reimburse him for such excise taxes, and a further amount equal
to the excise, employment and income taxes payable by Mr. Clineburg respecting such additional payment), is $8,812,182.

It is anticipated that United will terminate Mr. Clineburg’s employment without cause, as defined in his employment agreement, or
accept Mr. Clineburg’s resignation, effective immediately following the effective time of the merger. Under Mr. Clineburg’s existing
employment agreement with Cardinal, he is entitled to receive a lump sum payment on such termination or resignation, within one year
after a change-in-control of Cardinal, of 2.99 times his average compensation (including, without limitation, annual salary, bonuses, stock
options, directors’ fees and retainers) over the most recent five calendar year period of his employment with Cardinal, which we refer to as
the Clineburg Severance Payment, which is estimated at $8,879,167. Mr. Clineburg is also entitled, at the effective time of the merger, to
an increase in the vested amount of his Supplemental Executive Retirement Plan, or SERP, of $1.8 million.
 

98



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 110/233

Table of Contents

While the parties have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to resolve any “excess parachute payment”, at this time, it is not currently
anticipated that the amount that Mr. Clineburg may receive would constitute an “excess parachute payment”. As noted above, if any
amount that Mr. Clineburg may receive exceeds the 280G limit, then Mr. Clineburg is entitled to an additional payment for the excise taxes
under Section 4999 of the Code payable with respect to an excess parachute payment, along with a further additional payment equal to the
excise, employment and income taxes payable by Clineburg respecting such additional payment. In such event, United Bankshares and its
affiliates, individually and as successor by merger to Cardinal, will not be able to deduct the excess parachute payment or the “gross up”
and payment for excise, employment and income taxes thereon as reasonable compensation or a business expense on its consolidated
returns.

On December 21, 2016, Cardinal and Mr. Clineburg signed an amendment to his employment agreement to extend the period of the
covenant not to compete set forth in the employment agreement between Cardinal and Mr. Clineburg from a period of one year to a period
of two years and to provide that on or before March 15, 2017, Cardinal will transfer ownership of Mr. Clineburg’s current company-owned
automobile to Mr. Clineburg with appropriate tax treatment.

On August 25, 2016, Cardinal entered into a split dollar life insurance agreement with Mr. Clineburg that provides that in the event
of his death prior to the effective time of the merger, the difference between (i) the death benefit under Cardinal’s existing bank owned life
insurance, or BOLI, policy covering the life of Mr. Clineburg and (ii) the cash surrender value of such policy, shall be paid to Mr.
Clineburg’s designee. The value of this additional death benefit is estimated at $2,325,559 as of December 31, 2016. In addition, upon the
effective time of the merger, United Bankshares shall make an irrevocable contribution to a rabbi trust with a mutually-agreed upon
independent bank of an amount that is sufficient to pay the Clineburg Severance Payment. Additionally, Cardinal paid the 2016 annual
bonus for Mr. Clineburg in December 2016 rather than early 2017 in the amount of $1,125,000.

United intends to assume the obligations of Mr. Clineburg’s employment agreement with Cardinal and to pay the amounts described
above with respect to his termination of employment without cause or resignation, as the case may be, at the effective time of the merger.

Christopher W. Bergstrom

On December 22, 2016, Cardinal and Mr. Bergstrom signed an amendment to his employment agreement with Cardinal as follows:
(i) to require a one-time payment, which we refer to as the Bergstrom 2016 Change in Control payment, which was then paid by Cardinal
to Mr. Bergstrom in December 2016 in the amount of $1,350,000, with a waiver effective upon receipt of the 2016 Change in Control
payment by Mr. Bergstrom of the right to assert good reason (as defined in his employment agreement with Cardinal) termination, based
upon the changes to employment terms and conditions described below with respect to his anticipated employment with United Bank
effective at the effective time of the merger; (ii) to specify that (A) the term “average compensation” as used in certain sections of his
employment agreement with Cardinal with respect to calculation of severance pay under certain circumstances thereunder shall not include
the Bergstrom 2016 Change in Control payment and (B) any payment to which Mr. Bergstrom may be entitled in the event of certain
terminations as set forth in certain sections of his employment agreement with Cardinal shall be reduced by the amount of the Bergstrom
2016 Change in Control Payment; and (iii) to provide that the Mr. Bergstrom’s employment agreement with Cardinal shall terminate
effective upon the effective date of an employment agreement entered into between United Bank and Mr. Bergstrom, the terms of which
are described below.

The December 22, 2016 amendment to Mr. Bergstrom’s employment agreement with Cardinal provides that at the effective time of
the merger, Cardinal will pay Mr. Bergstrom a lump sum payment of $1,190,500, which we refer to as the Bergstrom 2017 Change in
Control payment, provided that he remains employed with Cardinal through such date, subject to accelerated vesting and payment
protections upon termination of Mr. Bergstrom by Cardinal without cause or upon resignation by Mr. Bergstrom for good reason (as such
terms are defined in his employment agreement with Cardinal) prior to the effective time of the merger.
 

99



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 111/233

Table of Contents

There is no agreement between Cardinal and Mr. Bergstrom to pay a gross-up for excise taxes that may apply under Section 4999 of
the Code and no amount he may receive is subject to reduction in the event that it would constitute an “excess parachute payment,”
although, as discussed below, Mr. Bergstrom has entered into a new employment agreement with United Bank, to be effective at the
effective time of the merger and under the new employment agreement with United Bank, certain amounts he may receive under such
employment agreement will be subject to reduction in the event that, when compared to the amounts being paid in full, the reduced
amounts (reduced to one dollar less than the maximum amount that may be paid without causing any of the amounts to be subject to the
excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code), results in the receipt by Mr. Bergstrom, of a greater net after-tax amount than if he received
the payments and paid tax on them, including the excise tax, without any such reduction.

Assuming the merger closes in 2017, the 280G limit for Mr. Bergstrom, after which excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Code
would apply (unless a reduction applies, in the event that Mr. Bergstrom enters into an employment agreement with United Bank,
providing for a reduction if such reduction results in a larger net after-tax payment for Mr. Bergstrom) is $3,552,342.

If Mr. Bergstrom had not signed the above-described waiver and amendment of his employment agreement with Cardinal, and
United Bankshares were to have assumed his employment agreement with Cardinal at the effective time of the merger, Mr. Bergstrom
would have been entitled, in the event of termination of his employment without cause or his resignation for good reason, each as defined
in his employment agreement with Cardinal, within twelve months after the effective date of the merger, to receive a payment of 2.99
times his average compensation (including, without limitation, annual salary, bonuses, stock options, directors’ fees and retainers) over the
most recent five calendar year period of his employment with Cardinal, which payment is estimated at $3,540,502.

On August 26, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors adopted a new SERP that provides Mr. Bergstrom with an immediately vested
benefit of $7,500 per month commencing at age 60 for 15 years. Additionally, Cardinal paid the 2016 annual bonus for Mr. Bergstrom in
December 2016 rather than early 2017, in the amount of $1,400,000.

Alice P. Frazier

On December 20, 2016, Cardinal and Ms. Frazier signed an amendment to Ms. Frazier’s employment agreement with Cardinal, and
they intend to take any further actions required, all to ensure that any payment that may be payable to Ms. Frazier under her employment
agreement complies with, or is exempt from, Section 409A of the Code of 1986, as amended, or Code Section 409A, including without
limitation, correcting any document failures in accordance with the IRS Notice 2010-6, as amended by IRS Notice 2010-80.

The amendment to Ms. Frazier’s employment agreement with Cardinal also provides that on or before March 15, 2017, Cardinal will
also transfer ownership of Ms. Frazier’s current company-owned automobile to Ms. Frazier with appropriate tax treatment. Additionally,
Cardinal paid the 2016 annual bonus for Ms. Frazier in December 2016 rather than early 2017, in the amount of $650,000.

The amount that Ms. Frazier may receive is subject to reduction in the event it would constitute an “excess parachute payment”
based on Section 280G of the Code. In that event, Ms. Frazier’s payments would be reduced to the largest amount that Ms. Frazier could
receive without being subject to such excise taxes. Assuming the merger closes in 2017, the 280G limit, after which excise taxes under
Section 4999 of the Code would apply in the case of Ms. Frazier, but for the cut-back provision of her employment agreement with
Cardinal, is estimated at $2,137,552.

On August 26, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors adopted a new SERP for Ms. Frazier in substantially the same form as the
Cardinal SERPs for Mr. Bergstrom, and the new SERP provides Ms. Frazier with an immediately vested benefit of $1,500 per month
commencing at age 65 for 10 years.
 

100



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 112/233

Table of Contents

United Bank will assume the employment agreement, amended with respect to Code Section 409A compliance as described above,
between Cardinal and Ms. Frazier at the effective time of the merger. It is anticipated that Ms. Frazier will continue employment with
United Bank for several months, and upon her termination without cause within twelve months after the effective time of the merger,
United Bank will be obligated to pay severance to Ms. Frazier, if she timely signs an appropriate release, in amount equal to (i) her base
salary for the remainder of the 12-month period from and after the effective date of the merger, plus two times her base salary for a period
of twelve months, less required and authorized withholdings and deductions, on regular payroll dates, and (ii) if Ms. Frazier is
participating in United Bank’s group health insurance plans on the effective date of termination of her employment, and she timely elects
and remains eligible for continued coverage under COBRA, or, if applicable, state insurance laws, United Bank is obligated to pay that
portion of Ms. Frazier’s COBRA premiums that United Bank was paying prior to the effective date of termination for the severance
period, as defined in Ms. Frazier’s employment agreement with Cardinal, which period is equal to 12 months less the number of months
following the effective time of the merger during which she is employed by United Bank, or for the continuation period for which she is
eligible, whichever is shorter, provided that United Bank’s COBRA premium payment obligation will end immediately if Ms. Frazier
obtains health care insurance from any other source during the severance period. The estimated amount of Ms. Frazier’s payments,
including but not limited to, the value of the continued COBRA premiums, if any, upon termination of her employment without cause
within twelve months after the effective time of the merger, is $1,212,227, subject to reduction in the event that it exceeds the 280G
threshold for imposition of excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, and such threshold, as stated above is estimated at $2,137,552.

F. Kevin Reynolds

Cardinal paid the 2016 annual bonus for Mr. Reynolds in December 2016 rather than early 2017, in the amount of $800,000. On
August 26, 2016, the Cardinal board of directors adopted a new SERP providing for payment of $3,000 per month for 10 years beginning
at age 65, fully accrued and vested at inception with full survivorship benefits. Funding for the SERP was placed into a third-party rabbi
trust and the SERP has additional terms and conditions that are similar to the Cardinal SERPs for Mr. Bergstrom. In the case of Mr.
Reynolds, there is no agreement to pay a gross-up for excise taxes that may apply under Section 4999 of the Code and no amount he may
receive is subject to reduction in the event that it would constitute an “excess parachute payment”. For Mr. Reynolds, the 280G limit, after
which excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Code would apply, is estimated at $1,805,742.

Mark A. Wendel

Cardinal paid the 2016 annual bonus for Mr. Wendel in December 2016 rather than early 2017, in the amount of $200,000. United
Bank does not intend to continue the employment of Mr. Wendel after the effective time of the merger. Since Mr. Wendel’s employment
will be involuntarily terminated without cause by United Bank within six months after the effective time of the merger, he will be entitled
to receive two weeks of base pay (at the rate in effect on the termination date) for each year of service at Cardinal or its subsidiaries (with
credit for partial years of service) with a minimum payment equal to four weeks of base pay and a maximum payment equal to 26 weeks
of base pay and United Bankshares will provide reasonable outplacement services by an outplacement company selected by United
Bankshares for a period of six months following termination, and the estimated value of such severance payment and outplacement
services for Mr. Wendel is $110,000. For Mr. Wendel, the 280G limit, after which excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Code would
apply, is estimated at $1,063,391.

Certain Compensation for Cardinal Named Executive Officers

The following table sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, regarding certain
merger-related compensation that the Cardinal named executive officers may be entitled to receive pursuant to their existing agreements
with Cardinal. The amounts are calculated assuming that the effective date of the merger and a qualifying termination of employment
occurred on December 31, 2016. The
 

101



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 113/233

Table of Contents

merger-related compensation payable to the Cardinal named executive officers is subject to a non-binding advisory vote of the Cardinal
shareholders, as described under “Proposal No. 2 – Advisory (Non-Binding) Vote on Certain Merger-Related Compensation for Cardinal
Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 58.

Golden Parachute Compensation
 

Name  Cash   Equity   
Pension/
NQDC   

Perquisites/
Benefits   

Tax
Reimbursement   Other  Total  

Bernard H. Clineburg  $8,879,167  $841,769  $1,558,179  $100,000  $             —  $ —  $11,379,115 
Mark A. Wendel   110,000   132,200   114,394   —   —   —   356,594 
Christopher W. Bergstrom   3,540,502   522,856   1,226,470   22,454   —   —   5,312,282 
Alice P. Frazier   1,185,000   218,744   273,339   45,393   —   —   1,722,476 
F. Kevin Reynolds   487,500   198,433   422,453   16,330   —   —   1,124,716 
 
 

(1) For Mr. Clineburg, represents a double-trigger (i.e., the amounts are triggered by the occurrence of a change in control and payment
is conditioned upon the executive’s qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change in control) lump sum cash
severance payment equal to 2.99 times his average total compensation during each of the past five years that is payable within 30
days after the date of termination assuming Mr. Clineburg is terminated without cause by United Bankshares or Mr. Clineburg
voluntarily terminates his employment for any reason within one year after the merger. For Mr. Wendel, represents a double-trigger
lump sum cash severance payment equal to two weeks of base pay for each of his 11 years of service at Cardinal (with credit for
partial years of service) assuming Mr. Wendel is terminated without cause by United Bankshares within six months after the merger,
and the value of reasonable outplacement services to be provided by United Bankshares. Mr. Wendel does not have an employment
agreement with Cardinal and will receive severance pursuant to the merger agreement like all other employees of Cardinal that do not
have employment agreements and are involuntarily terminated by United Bankshares within six months after the merger. For Mr.
Bergstrom, represents a double-trigger lump sum cash severance payment equal to 2.99 times his average total compensation during
each of the past five years that is payable within 30 days after the date of termination assuming Mr. Bergstrom is terminated without
cause by United Bankshares or Mr. Bergstrom voluntarily terminates his employment for good reason within one year after the
merger. For Ms. Frazier, represents a double-trigger cash severance payment equal to 12 months of base salary that is payable within
30 days after Ms. Frazier delivers a customary release of claims to United Bankshares, plus monthly payments equal to two times her
base salary for a period of 12 months after such date, assuming Ms. Frazier is not employed by United Bankshares following the
merger. For Mr. Reynolds, represents a double-trigger lump sum cash severance payment equal to 18 months of base salary that is
payable within 30 days after the date of termination assuming Mr. Reynolds is terminated without cause by United Bankshares or Mr.
Reynolds voluntarily terminates his employment for any reason within one year after the merger. In most cases, payment of each cash
severance payment will be delayed for six months following the executive’s termination date to comply with the requirements of
Section 409A of the Code. Any terminations must meet the “separation from service” standards of Section 409A of the Code. Any
payments required to be delayed will be paid at the end of the six-month period in one lump sum. Any payments due after the end of
the six-month period will be paid at the normal payment date provided under the employment agreements. For Messrs. Clineburg,
Bergstrom and Reynolds, and Ms. Frazier, any delayed payments will accrue interest at The Wall Street Journal Prime Rate in effect
on the applicable date of termination, which accrued interest is not reflected in these amounts.

(2) Represents single-trigger acceleration of outstanding restricted stock and option awards that are unvested at the time of the merger.
The amounts related to the accelerated vesting of the restricted stock awards are expressed as an aggregate dollar value which
represents $26.34 (the average closing market price of Cardinal common stock over the first five business days following the first
public announcement of the merger) for each unvested share of common stock for which vesting will be accelerated. The aggregate
dollar value of the acceleration of unvested restricted stock awards in connection with the merger for each executive is as follows:
Mr. Clineburg – $702,515, Mr. Wendel – $105,394, Mr. Bergstrom – $465,410,

 
102

(1) (2) (3) (4) (5)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 114/233

Table of Contents

 

Ms. Frazier – $175,622 and Mr. Reynolds – $166,850. The amounts related to the accelerated vesting of option awards are expressed
as an aggregate dollar value which represents the difference between $26.34 and the exercise price for each stock option. The
aggregate dollar value of the acceleration of unvested option awards in connection with the merger for each executive is as follows:
Mr. Clineburg – $139,254, Mr. Wendel – $26,805, Mr. Bergstrom – $57,446, Ms. Frazier – $43,122 and Mr. Reynolds – $31,582.
Importantly, these values are different from, and significantly higher than, the valuation of unvested equity grants for purposes of
Section 280G of the Code, which valuation is determined as of the date of the change in control and is based on several factors,
including the stock’s fair market value and the length of time until the unvested equity grants would otherwise have vested, assuming
no change in control.

(3) For Mr. Clineburg, represents the estimated present value of a single-trigger increase in the vested amount of his SERP of $10,000
per month for a period of 180 months commencing on the month following the date of the merger. For Mr. Wendel, represents single-
trigger acceleration of vesting of his unvested account balance under Cardinal’s Executive Deferred Income Plan. For Messrs.
Bergstrom and Reynolds, and Ms. Frazier, represents (i) single-trigger acceleration of vesting of their respective unvested account
balances under Cardinal’s Executive Deferred Income Plan, and (ii) the estimated present value of the benefit under their respective
SERP agreements with Cardinal that were entered into in connection with the merger. Mr. Clineburg is currently fully vested in the
account balance maintained for him under Cardinal’s Executive Deferred Income Plan.

(4) For Mr. Clineburg, represents the estimated value of his company-owned vehicle which will be transferred to him by Cardinal on or
before March 15, 2017. Under Mr. Clineburg’s Split Dollar Agreement with Cardinal, in the event of his death prior to the effective
time of the merger, Mr. Clineburg’s designated beneficiaries will be entitled to the difference between (i) the death benefit under
Cardinal’s existing BOLI policy covering the life of Mr. Clineburg, and (ii) the cash surrender value of such policy, the value of
which death benefit was approximately $2,325,559 as of December 31, 2016. The value of this death benefit is not reflected in the
above amount. For Mr. Bergstrom, represents a double-trigger health care continuance benefit to which he would be entitled if,
within one year after the merger, his employment is terminated without cause by United Bankshares or he terminates his employment
for good reason, or the Health Care Continuance Benefit. For Ms. Frazier, represents (i) a double-trigger Health Care Continuance
Benefit to which she would be entitled if she is not employed by United Bankshares following the merger, and (ii) the estimated
value of her company-owned vehicle which will be transferred to her by Cardinal on or before March 15, 2017. For Mr. Reynolds,
represents a double-trigger Health Care Continuance Benefit to which he would be entitled if, within one year after the merger, his
employment is terminated without cause by United Bankshares or he voluntarily terminates his employment for any reason. The
Health Care Continuance Benefit generally requires the continuation of coverage under any of Cardinal’s group health and dental
plans or COBRA coverage with Cardinal (or its successor) paying that portion of the COBRA premiums that it was paying prior to
the merger. For Messrs. Bergstrom and Reynolds, the Health Care Continuance Benefit will continue for a period of 24 months and
18 months, respectively, after the date of termination. For Ms. Frazier, the Health Care Continuance Benefit will continue for a period
of 12 months after the date of termination, provided that it will cease sooner if and when she has obtained comparable health
coverage from a subsequent employer. The aggregate dollar value of the Health Care Continuance Benefit was estimated by
assuming a 20% increase in then-current premium costs on January 1 of each calendar year during the applicable Health Care
Continuance Benefit period.

(5) The Cardinal named executive officers are not expected to receive tax reimbursements in connection with the merger. Pursuant to his
employment agreement with Cardinal, in the event that the change in control payments and benefits received or to be received by Mr.
Clineburg would constitute an “excess parachute payment” under Section 280G of the Code, Mr. Clineburg would be entitled to an
additional payment for the excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Code payable with respect to such excess parachute payment,
along with a further additional payment equal to the excise, employment and income taxes payable by Mr. Clineburg with respect to
such additional payment. Mr. Clineburg’s change in control benefits are not expected to constitute an “excess parachute payment”
under Section 280G of the Code.

 
103



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 115/233

Table of Contents

Pursuant to her employment agreement with Cardinal, if the payments or benefits received or to be received by Ms. Frazier in
connection with the merger would constitute an “excess parachute payment” under Section 280G of the Code, thereby causing her to be
subject to an excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, then the total benefits paid to her will be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid
imposition of any such excise taxes.

Please see “– Employment Agreements with Cardinal Executive Officers” for additional information regarding the terms, conditions
and limitations on the merger related compensation to which the Cardinal named executed are entitled pursuant to their agreements with
Cardinal.

Employment and Engagement with United Bank Following the Merger

Mr. Bergstrom has signed a new employment agreement with United Bank, which will be effective on the effective date of the
merger, to be employed as the President of United Bank. Mr. Bergstrom’s new employment agreement with United Bank has a one-year
term, an initial annual base salary of $350,000, participation in all benefit plans (including bonus and equity plans) in the same manner as
similar situated employees, and that United Bank will pay monthly dues for Mr. Bergstrom’s current country club memberships, Evergreen
and Farmington, while he is employed with United Bank, and that Mr. Bergstrom may continue, while employed with United Bank, to
drive his current company-owned automobile, and that if its useful life ends while he is still employed with United Bank, he may turn it in
to United Bank and thereafter, for the remainder of his employment, have use of another company-owned car under United Bank’s policy
for use of company cars as then in effect. United Bank’s policy for Mr. Bergstrom’s use of his company vehicle shall include gas, taxes,
maintenance, repairs, insurance, and EZ Pass fees and charges. In addition, if Mr. Bergstrom terminates employment within the first three
years after the effective time of the merger, United Bank shall pay an amount equal to the full monthly cost (including COBRA
administrative fees, if applicable) of his medical and dental coverage under the current or any successor health plan provided by United or
United Bank to its employees, with Mr. Bergstrom eligible to elect any, then available, health plan option for Mr. Bergstrom and his family
for 24 months.

In addition, Mr. Bergstrom’s new employment agreement with United Bank grants Mr. Bergstrom an unvested, unsecured right to
payment of a retention bonus, which we refer to as the Bergstrom Retention Bonus, in the amount of $1,000,000, to vest ratably and be
paid in twelve equal monthly installments during 12 months of continued employment following the effective time of the merger, with the
remaining installments to vest and be paid in a lump sum sooner upon termination during the 12 months after the effective time of Mr.
Bergstrom by United Bank without cause or due to disability, or upon resignation during such 12 month period by Mr. Bergstrom for good
reason. Any remaining unvested installments of the Bergstrom Retention Bonus are forfeited if Mr. Bergstrom is terminated for cause or if
he resigns without good reason prior to 12 months of continued employment with United Bank from and after the effective time of the
merger. The definitions of cause and good reason under the new employment agreement between Mr. Bergstrom and United Bank are
substantially identical to the definitions of cause and good reason under Mr. Bergstrom’s existing employment agreement with Cardinal.
United Bank shall, upon the effective time of the merger, make an irrevocable contribution to a rabbi trust with a mutually agreed-upon
independent bank of an amount that is sufficient to pay the monthly installments of the Bergstrom Retention Bonus.

Under the employment agreement between Mr. Bergstrom and United Bank, United Bank will pay premiums on a term life insurance
policy, insuring Mr. Bergstrom in the amount of the Bergstrom Retention Bonus, and payable to a beneficiary of his choice for a coverage
period commensurate with the vesting period for the Bergstrom Retention Bonus, or the period during which Mr. Bergstrom remains
employed with United Bank, whichever is shorter. Mr. Bergstrom’s W-2s will reflect appropriate imputed income.

Mr. Bergstrom’s employment agreement with United Bank will also provide that in the event it is determined that any payment,
benefit, vesting or distribution to or for the benefit of Mr. Bergstrom would be subject to the excise tax imposed by §4999 of the Code, or
any comparable successor provisions, or the excise tax, then the payments shall be either be (i) provided to Mr. Bergstrom in full or (ii)
provided to Mr. Bergstrom
 

104



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 116/233

Table of Contents

as to such lesser extent which would result in no portion of such payments being subject to an excise tax, whichever of the foregoing
amounts, when taking into account applicable income and employment taxes, the excise tax, and any other applicable taxes, results in the
receipt by Mr. Bergstrom on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount, notwithstanding that all or some portion of such payments may be
subject to such excise tax.

Mr. Bergstrom is subject under his employment agreement with United Bank to customary post-employment non-compete and non-
solicitation covenants for a period of 12 months beginning after separation from service during the 12 month term of his employment
agreement from United Bank for any reason or no reason. The geographic area of the non-compete restriction shall be limited to 25 miles
from Mr. Bergstrom’s office at the effective time of the merger.

Cardinal and United Bankshares have agreed that the Bergstrom 2016 Change in Control payment, the Bergstrom 2017 Change in
Control payment, and the Bergstrom Retention Bonus described above are intended, in the aggregate, to approximate, and not exceed, the
amount that Mr. Bergstrom would be entitled to receive in connection with a termination of his employment without cause or for good
reason following a change in control under his employment agreement with Cardinal, prior to its amendment as described above.

It is currently anticipated that Mr. Reynolds will also be employed by United Bank at his current location following the effective time
of the merger, as the Director of Sales and Regional President, directly reporting to Mr. Bergstrom. United Bank and Mr. Reynolds are
currently negotiating a new employment agreement, the terms of which have not yet been finalized, to replace Mr. Reynold’s existing
employment agreement with Cardinal at the effective time of the merger. Although the terms of Mr. Reynold’s employment with United
Bank have not been finalized, the agreement is expected to include an initial annual base salary of $300,000, participation by Mr. Reynolds
in the standard cash and equity incentive programs for similarly situated executive officers of United Bank, as well as participation in all
benefit plans (including bonus and equity plans) in the same manner as similar situated employees. United Bank will pay the monthly dues
for Mr. Reynolds’ current country club memberships, Westwood and Kinloch, while employed with United Bank. Mr. Reynolds may
continue, while employed with United Bank, to drive his current company-owned automobile, and if its useful life ends while he is still
employed with United Bank, he may turn it in to United Bank and for the remainder of his employment he will have the use of another
company-owned car under United Bank’s policy for use of company cars as then in effect. United Bank’s policy for Mr. Reynolds’ use of
his company-owned car includes gas, taxes, maintenance, repairs, insurance and his EZ Pass. Vacation time is to be in accordance with
United Bank’s policies in place for similarly situated executive officers of United Bank. It is anticipated that Mr. Reynolds will have
administrative support consistent with his current administrative support. United Bank will fully support Mr. Reynolds’ involvement in
outside business and civic organizations.

Under the anticipated new employment agreement with United Bank, Mr. Reynolds will receive a payment, on the effective date of
the merger of 1.5 times his annual salary, and such payment is estimated to be $615,000.

Also, under the anticipated new employment agreement between Mr. Reynolds and United Bank, if Mr. Reynolds’ employment is
terminated without cause or he voluntarily resigns within three years after the effective date of the merger, he is entitled to continued group
health and dental insurance benefits for himself and his family for a period of 12 months after the date of termination or resignation. If a
change of control of United Bank occurs during such three-year period and his employment is terminated without cause or he voluntarily
resigns within 12 months after such change of control, he is entitled to continued group health and dental insurance benefits for a period of
12 months after the date of termination or resignation. In the event that Mr. Reynolds does not agree to a new employment agreement with
United Bank, and United Bankshares were to assume the obligations of his employment agreement with Cardinal, in the event of
termination of Mr. Reynolds’ employment by United Bankshares or its affiliates within 12 months after the effective time of the merger,
without cause as defined in Mr. Reynolds’ employment agreement with Cardinal, or by voluntary resignation of Mr. Reynolds between 10
and 12 months after the effective time of the merger, United Bankshares or an affiliate would be obligated to make a payment to Mr.
Reynolds equal to 1.5 times his annual salary (such payment is estimated to be $615,000) and to provide continued health and dental
insurance benefits to Mr. Reynolds and his family for a period of 18 months.
 

105



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 117/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal Retirement Benefits

Qualified Retirement Plan

The parties also anticipate termination of the Cardinal qualified retirement plan, effective on or immediately before the effective time
of the merger, and upon such termination, the accounts of all participants, including Messrs. Clineburg, Bergstrom, Reynolds and Wendel
and Ms. Frazier, will vest 100%.

Deferred Income Plan

Each of Messrs. Clineburg, Bergstrom, Reynolds and Wendel and Ms. Frazier is a participant in the Cardinal non-qualified Executive
Deferred Income Plan, or the Cardinal deferred income plan, which provides that matching contributions vest 100% at a change of control.
The amounts set forth below are calculated assuming that the effective date of the merger occurred on December 31, 2016.

Mr. Clineburg is fully vested in the account balance maintained for him under the Cardinal deferred income plan. As Mr. Clineburg
has elected change of control as the distribution event for these deferrals, he will receive a payment of $2,598,365 from such plan at the
effective time of the merger, although this amount is not considered as part of any “parachute payment” for purposes of Section 280G of
the Code, as it is previously vested in full and the distribution is not an acceleration of the previously elected time and form of payment.

Mr. Bergstrom has $126,470 in matching contributions that are not 100% vested, which will instead vest 100% at the effective time
of the merger. The estimated value of the accelerated vesting is $126,470. Mr. Bergstrom elected change of control as the distribution
event for these deferrals, and he will receive a payment of $2,264,921 from this plan at the effective time of the merger, although only the
accelerated vesting of the matching contributions is considered as part of any “parachute payment” for purposes of Section 280G of the
Code, as the distribution on change of control previously vested in full and the distribution is not an acceleration of the previously elected
time and form of payment.

Ms. Frazier has $152,339 in matching contributions that are not 100% vested, which will instead vest 100% at the effective time of
the merger. The estimated value of the accelerated vesting is $152,339. Ms. Frazier elected change of control as the distribution event for
these deferrals, and she will receive a payment of $972,956 from this plan at the effective time of the merger, although only the accelerated
vesting of the matching contributions is considered as part of any “parachute payment” for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, as the
distribution on change of control previously vested in full and the distribution is not an acceleration of the previously elected time and
form of payment.

Mr. Reynolds has $136,453 in matching contributions that are not 100% vested, which will vest 100% at the effective time of the
merger. The estimated value of the accelerated vesting is $136,453. Mr. Reynolds elected change of control as the distribution event for a
portion these deferrals, and he will receive a payment of $373,253 from this plan at the effective time of the merger and the remaining
$1,207,213 of his plan accounts will be held, invested and distributed over certain periods as elected by Mr. Reynolds, although only the
accelerated vesting of the matching contributions is considered as part of any “parachute payment” for purposes of Section 280G of the
Code, as the distribution on change of control previously vested in full and the distribution is not an acceleration of the previously elected
time and form of payment.

Mr. Wendel has $114,394 in matching contributions that are not 100% vested, which will vest 100% at the effective time of the
merger. The estimated value of the accelerated vesting is $114,394. Mr. Wendel elected change of control as the distribution event for
these deferrals, and he will receive a payment of $650,530 from this plan at the effective time of the merger, although only the accelerated
vesting of the matching contributions is considered as part of any “parachute payment” for purposes of Section 280G of the Code, as the
distribution on change of control previously vested in full and the distribution is not an acceleration of the previously elected time and
form of payment.
 

106



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 118/233

Table of Contents

The members of the Cardinal board of directors knew about these additional interests and considered them when they approved the
merger agreement and the merger.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

The merger will be accounted for using acquisition accounting, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, for
accounting and financial reporting purposes. Under acquisition accounting, the assets (including identifiable intangible assets) and
liabilities (including executory contracts and other commitments) of Cardinal as of the effective time of the merger will be recorded at
their respective fair values and added to those of United Bankshares. Any excess of purchase price over the fair values is recorded as
goodwill. Consolidated financial statements of United Bankshares issued after the merger would reflect these fair values and would not be
restated retroactively to reflect the historical consolidated financial position or results of operations of Cardinal.
 

107



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 119/233

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement. The following description of the merger agreement is
subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the merger agreement, which is attached to this prospectus and joint proxy
statement as Appendix A and is incorporated by reference into this document. This summary may not contain all of the information about
the merger agreement that may be important to you. You are urged to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, as it is the
legal document governing the merger.

Terms of the Merger

Each of the United Bankshares board of directors and the Cardinal board of directors has approved the merger agreement, which
provides for the merger of Cardinal with and into UBV, a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares. UBV will be the
surviving entity in the merger.

Each share of Cardinal common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the merger (other than shares
held by United Bankshares and its subsidiaries, in each case except for shares held by them in a fiduciary capacity or as a result of debts
previously contracted) will be converted into the right to receive 0.71 shares of United Bankshares common stock, which is referred to
herein as the exchange ratio. If the number of shares of common stock of United Bankshares or Cardinal changes before the merger is
completed because of a reclassification, recapitalization, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split or similar event, then a
proportionate adjustment will be made to the exchange ratio.

The UBV articles of organization and the UBV operating agreement as in effect immediately prior to the completion of the merger
will be the articles of organization and operating agreement of the surviving entity.

After the effective time of the merger and as part of the same overall transaction, Cardinal Bank, the wholly-owned subsidiary of
Cardinal, for no additional consideration and pursuant to the bank merger agreement, attached as an exhibit to the merger agreement, will
merge with and into United Bank, a Virginia banking corporation, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of UBV, or the bank merger. As a result
of the bank merger, the separate existence of Cardinal Bank will cease and the corporate existence of United Bank, as the merged bank,
shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the bank merger and the merged bank shall be deemed to be the same business and corporate
entity as each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank.

Treatment of Cardinal Stock Options

Under the merger agreement, each stock option to buy Cardinal common stock granted under a Cardinal equity compensation plan
that is outstanding and not yet exercised immediately prior to the merger, whether vested or unvested, will vest pursuant to the terms
thereof and will be converted into an option to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock option, the
number of shares of United Bankshares common stock equal to (a) the number of shares of Cardinal common stock subject to such stock
option multiplied by (b) 0.71. Such product will be rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share (rounded up
to the next whole cent) of each United Bankshares stock option issued for a Cardinal stock option will equal (y) the exercise price per
share of shares of Cardinal common stock that were purchasable pursuant to such Cardinal stock option divided by (z) 0.71.

Each Cardinal stock option that is intended to be an “incentive stock option” (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) will be adjusted
in accordance with the requirements of Section 424 of the Code and all Cardinal stock options will be adjusted in a manner that maintains
the options’ exemption from Section 409A of the Code. At or prior to the effective time of the merger, Cardinal must use its reasonable
best efforts to obtain any necessary consents from optionees with respect to the Cardinal equity compensation plans to permit replacement
of the outstanding Cardinal stock options by United Bankshares and to permit United Bankshares to assume the
 

108



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 120/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal equity compensation plans. Cardinal must take all action necessary to amend the Cardinal equity compensation plans to eliminate
automatic grants or awards thereunder following the effective time. At the effective time of the merger, United Bankshares will assume the
Cardinal equity compensation plans, but such assumption will only be with respect to the United Bankshares replacement options granted
pursuant to the merger agreement and United Bankshares will have no obligation to make any additional grants or awards under the
Cardinal equity compensation plans.

Restricted Stock

Under the merger agreement, each restricted stock award under a Cardinal equity compensation plan that is unvested or contingent
and outstanding immediately prior to the merger will fully vest and be converted into the right to receive, without interest, the merger
consideration and the shares of Cardinal common stock subject to such stock award will be treated in the same manner as all other shares
of Cardinal common stock for such purposes.

Conditions of the Merger

The respective obligations of United Bankshares and Cardinal to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction of certain
mutual conditions, including the following:
 

 
•  The shareholders of Cardinal approve the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, described in this

prospectus and joint proxy statement, at the meeting of shareholders for Cardinal;
 

 
•  The shareholders of United Bankshares approve the issuance of the merger consideration, the amendment to the United

Bankshares articles of incorporation and the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, described in this
prospectus and joint proxy statement, at the meeting of shareholders for United Bankshares;

 

 

•  All regulatory approvals required by law to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are obtained
from the Federal Reserve, the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions and the other appropriate federal and/or state regulatory
agencies without unreasonable conditions, all waiting periods after such approvals required by law or regulation expire and no
such approvals will contain any conditions or requirements applicable either before or after the effective time of the merger that
United Bankshares reasonably determines in good faith would have a material adverse effect on United Bankshares and its
subsidiaries as a whole, taking into account the consummation of the merger with Cardinal;

 

 
•  The registration statement (of which this prospectus and joint proxy statement is a part) registering shares of United Bankshares

common stock to be issued in the merger is declared effective and not subject to a stop order and no proceedings suspending the
effectiveness of the registration statement shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC;

 

 
•  The absence of any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order being enacted, issued, promulgated,

enforced or entered by a governmental authority effectively prohibiting consummation of the merger;
 

 
•  Authorization for the listing on Nasdaq of the shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued in the merger, subject to

official notice of issuance; and
 

 
•  All supplemental and amended documents required to be executed by United Bankshares to assume Cardinal’s obligations with

respect to certain trust preferred securities shall have been executed and delivered by United Bankshares.
 

109



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 121/233

Table of Contents

In addition to the mutual conditions described above, United Bankshares’ obligation to consummate the merger is subject to the
satisfaction, unless waived, of the following other conditions:
 

 
•  The representations and warranties of Cardinal made in the merger agreement are true and correct as of the date of the merger

agreement and as of the effective time of the merger and United Bankshares receives a certificate of the chief executive officer
and the chief financial officer of Cardinal to that effect;

 

 
•  Cardinal performs in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement at or prior

to the effective time of the merger and delivers to United Bankshares a certificate of its chief executive officer and chief
financial to that effect; and

 

 
•  United Bankshares shall have received an opinion of Bowles Rice LLP, counsel to United Bankshares, dated as of the effective

time of the merger, that the merger will be treated as a “reorganization” under Section 368 of the Code.

In addition to the mutual conditions described above, Cardinal’s obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction,
unless waived, of the following other conditions:
 

 
•  The representations and warranties of United Bankshares made in the merger agreement are true and correct as of the date of

the merger agreement and as of the effective time of the merger and Cardinal receives a certificate of the chief executive officer
and chief financial officer of United Bankshares to that effect;

 

 
•  United Bankshares performs in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under the merger agreement

at or prior to the effective time of the merger and delivers to Cardinal a certificate of its chief executive officer and chief
financial officer to that effect; and

 

 
•  Cardinal shall have received an opinion of LeClairRyan, counsel to Cardinal, dated as of the effective time of the merger, that

the merger will be treated as a “reorganization” under Section 368 of the Code.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by United Bankshares and Cardinal. These representations and
warranties are qualified by items previously disclosed and a materiality standard, which means that neither United Bankshares nor
Cardinal is in breach of a representation or warranty unless the existence of any fact, event or circumstance, individually, or taken together
with other facts, events or circumstances has had or is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on United Bankshares or
Cardinal. These include, among other things, representations and warranties by United Bankshares and Cardinal to each other as to:
 

 •  Organization and good standing of each entity and its subsidiaries;
 

 •  Each entity’s capital structure;
 

 
•  Each entity’s (including UBV) power and authority relative to the execution and delivery of, and performance of its obligations

under, the merger agreement;
 

 •  Absence of material adverse changes since December 31, 2015;
 

 •  Consents and approvals required;
 

 •  Regulatory matters;
 

 •  Accuracy of documents, including financial statements and other reports, filed by each entity with the SEC;
 

 •  Absence of defaults under material contracts and agreements;
 

 •  Absence of environmental problems;
 

 
•  Absence of conflicts between each entity’s obligations under the merger agreement and its charter documents and contracts to

which it is a party or by which it is bound;
 

110



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 122/233

Table of Contents

 •  Litigation and related matters;
 

 •  Taxes and tax regulatory matters;
 

 •  Compliance with applicable laws, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and accounting controls;
 

 •  Absence of brokerage commissioners, except as disclosed for financial advisors;
 

 •  Employee benefit matters;
 

 •  Risk management instruments in effect for each entity;
 

 •  The taking of all actions necessary to exempt the merger agreement from any takeover laws;
 

 •  Books and records being fully and accurately maintained and fairly presenting events and transactions;
 

 •  Insurance matters;
 

 •  Labor matters;
 

 •  Opinions of the parties’ respective financial advisors;
 

 •  Loan matters;
 

 •  Allowance for loan and lease losses; and
 

 •  Marketable title to assets.

No representation or warranty contained in the merger agreement shall be deemed untrue or incorrect, and no party hereto shall be
deemed to have breached a representation or warranty, as a consequence of the existence of any fact, event or circumstance unless such
fact, circumstance or event, individually or taken together with all other facts, events or circumstances inconsistent with any representation
or warranty contained in the merger agreement has had or is reasonably likely to have a “material adverse effect”.

For the purposes of the merger agreement, a “material adverse effect” means any event, change, effect, development, state of facts,
condition, circumstances or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, (i) is material and adverse to the financial position, results of
operations or business of United Bankshares and its subsidiaries taken as a whole or Cardinal and its subsidiaries taken as a whole,
respectively, or (ii) would materially impair the ability of either United Bankshares or Cardinal to perform its obligations under the merger
agreement or otherwise materially threaten or materially impede the consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement; provided, that the impact of the following items shall not be deemed to be a material adverse effect:
 

 
•  Changes in tax, banking and similar laws of general applicability or interpretations thereof by courts or governmental

authorities except to the extent that such changes have a disproportionate impact on United Bankshares or Cardinal, as the case
may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking industry;

 

 
•  Changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting requirements applicable to banks and their

holding companies generally, except to the extent that such changes have a disproportionate impact on United Bankshares or
Cardinal, as the case may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking industry;

 

 

•  Changes in economic conditions affecting financial institutions generally, including changes in market interest rates, credit
availability and liquidity, and price levels or trading volumes in securities markets except to the extent that such changes have a
disproportionate impact on United Bankshares or Cardinal, as the case may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking
industry;

 

 
•  Any modifications or changes to valuation policies and practices in connection with the merger in accordance with U.S.

generally accepted accounting principles;
 

111



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 123/233

Table of Contents

 
•  Actions and omissions of United Bankshares or Cardinal taken with the prior written consent of the other in contemplation of

the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 
•  Any outbreak or escalation of hostilities or war (whether or not declared) or any act of terrorism, or any earthquakes,

hurricanes, tornados or other natural disasters;
 

 
•  Failure of United Bankshares or Cardinal to meet any internal financial forecasts or any earnings projections (whether made by

United Bankshares or Cardinal or any other person);
 

 •  The public disclosure of the merger agreement and the impact thereof on relationships with customers or employees; or
 

 
•  The effects of compliance with the merger agreement on the operating performance of the parties, including, expenses incurred

by the parties in consummating the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Waiver and Amendment

Prior to the effective time of the merger, any provision of the merger agreement may be waived by the party benefiting by the
provision or amended or modified by an agreement in writing between the parties, except that, after the Cardinal special meeting, the
merger agreement may not be amended if it would violate the Virginia Stock Corporation Act.

Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

United Bankshares has agreed to indemnify the directors, officers and employees of Cardinal and its subsidiaries for a period of six
years from the effective time of the merger to the fullest extent that Cardinal or any of its subsidiaries is permitted or required to indemnify
(and advance expenses to) its directors and officers under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, the articles of incorporation and
bylaws of Cardinal and/or any of its subsidiaries and any indemnification agreements in effect between Cardinal and/or any of its
subsidiaries and any director, officer or employee thereof. Additionally, United Bankshares has agreed to maintain in effect (i) the current
provisions of the articles of incorporation and bylaws of Cardinal and/or its subsidiaries and (ii) any indemnification agreements in place
with any directors, officers or employees of Cardinal and/or its subsidiaries, for a period of six years following the effective time of the
merger.

United Bankshares has also agreed for a period of six years from the effective time of the merger to use its reasonable best efforts to
cause the directors and officers of Cardinal to be covered by a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy maintained by United
Bankshares with respect to claims against such officers and directors arising from facts or events that occurred prior to the effective time
of the merger. United Bankshares is not required to expend, on an annual basis, more than 200% of the current amount expended by
Cardinal to maintain or procure such directors and officers liability insurance coverage.

Acquisition Proposals

Cardinal has agreed that it will not, and that it will cause its officers, directors, agents, advisors, and affiliates not to solicit or
encourage inquiries or proposals with respect to, engage in any negotiations concerning, or provide any confidential information to, or
have any discussions with any person relating to any proposal to acquire the stock or assets of Cardinal or other business combination
transactions with Cardinal, unless the Cardinal board of directors concludes in good faith, after consultation with and based upon the
advice of outside counsel, that the failure to take such actions in response to a written unsolicited acquisition proposal, would be
reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to shareholders under applicable law. In such a case and upon the receipt of a
confidentiality agreement, Cardinal would be permitted to provide non-public information to, and negotiate with, the person or entity who
made the written unsolicited acquisition proposal. Additionally, Cardinal must promptly inform United Bankshares of all relevant details
of any inquires or contacts
 

112



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 124/233

Table of Contents

by third parties relating to the possible disposition of the business or capital stock of Cardinal, or any merger, change of control or other
business combination involving Cardinal. If Cardinal, by a majority vote of members of the board of directors of Cardinal, terminates the
merger agreement in order to concurrently enter into an agreement with respect to an unsolicited competing acquisition proposal received
and considered by Cardinal (i) that, if consummated, would be more favorable to Cardinal’s shareholders from a financial point of view
than the merger with United Bankshares, (ii) is fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed and (iii) is reasonably likely to
receive all required governmental approvals, provided that United Bankshares does not make a counteroffer that is at least as favorable to
the other proposal, it is obligated to pay to United Bankshares the termination fee equal to $36,000,000. See “– Effect of Termination;
Termination Fees” on page 118.

Effective Time

The merger will be consummated and become effective upon the issuance of a certificate of merger by the Virginia State Corporation
Commission (or on such other date as may be specified in the articles of merger to be filed with the Virginia State Corporation
Commission). Provided that the conditions set forth in the merger agreement have been satisfied or waived, other than those conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the effective time of the merger, United Bankshares and Cardinal shall cause the effective date of
the merger to occur on the date on which Cardinal’s data processing systems are fully integrated with United Bankshares’ data processing
systems; provided, that if such date shall not have occurred by May 31, 2017, then the parties shall cause the effective date of the merger
to occur on the sooner of (i) five business days thereafter if all of the conditions of the merger have been satisfied or waived as of such
date or (ii) five business days following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement; and provided,
further, that, if Cardinal has declared a dividend in any quarter, to be paid in such quarter in which all conditions set forth in the merger
agreement have been satisfied or waived, then the effective date shall be the day immediately after the record date for the dividend
declared by United Bankshares in such quarter (or, at the election of United Bankshares, on the last business day of the month in which
such day occurs), unless another date is agreed to by Cardinal and United Bankshares in writing.

Regulatory Approvals

The merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement require the approval of the Federal Reserve and the
Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions. As a bank holding company, United Bankshares is subject to regulation under the BHCA.
Cardinal is a Virginia corporation, a member bank of the Federal Reserve System, and is subject to the Virginia banking and finance
statutes in Title 6.2 of the Code of Virginia. United Bankshares, Cardinal, UBV, Cardinal Bank and United Bank have filed all required
applications seeking approval of the merger with the Federal Reserve and the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions.

Under the BHCA, the Federal Reserve is required to examine the financial and managerial resources and future prospects of the
combined organization and analyze the capital structure and soundness of the resulting entity. The Federal Reserve has the authority to
deny an application if it concludes that the combined organization would have inadequate capital. In addition, the Federal Reserve can
withhold approval of the merger if, among other things, it determines that the effect of the merger would be to substantially lessen
competition in the relevant market. Further, the Federal Reserve must consider whether the combined organization meets the requirements
of the Community Reinvestment Act of 1977 by assessing the involved entities’ records of meeting the credit needs of the local
communities in which they operate, consistent with the safe and sound operation of such institutions. The Virginia Bureau of Financial
Institutions will review the merger under similar standards.

In addition, a period of 15 to 30 days must expire following approval by the Federal Reserve before completion of the merger is
allowed, within which period the United States Department of Justice may file objections to the merger under the federal antitrust laws.

The merger cannot be consummated prior to receipt of all required approvals. There can be no assurance that required regulatory
approvals for the merger will be obtained and, if the merger is approved, as to the date of
 

113



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 125/233

Table of Contents

such approvals or whether the approvals will contain any unacceptable conditions. There can likewise be no assurance that the United
States Department of Justice will not challenge the merger during the waiting period set aside for such challenges after receipt of approval
from the Federal Reserve.

Under the merger agreement, United Bankshares is not required to agree to any condition or take any action if such agreement or the
taking of such action is reasonably likely to result in any conditions or requirements applicable either before or after the effective time of
the merger that the United Bankshares board of directors reasonably determines in good faith would have a material adverse effect on
United Bankshares and its subsidiaries taken as a whole taking into account the consummation of the merger in making such
determination, which we refer to as a materially burdensome regulatory condition. If the merger is not consummated by August 31, 2017
or the necessary governmental approvals are not obtained, solely because United Bankshares does not satisfy a condition to approval of a
governmental authority requiring it to raise or obtain capital, then United Bankshares may be required to pay Cardinal a termination fee of
$13,500,000 if certain other conditions are satisfied. See “– Effect of Termination; Termination Fees” on page 118.

United Bankshares and Cardinal are not aware of any governmental approvals or actions that may be required for consummation of
the merger other than as described above. Should any other approval or action be required, it is presently contemplated that such approval
or action would be sought. There can be no assurance that any necessary regulatory approvals or actions will be timely received or taken,
that no action will be brought challenging such approval or action or, if such a challenge is brought, as to the result thereof, or that any
such approval or action will not be conditioned in a manner that would cause the parties to abandon the merger.

The approval of any application merely implies the satisfaction of regulatory criteria for approval, which does not include review of
the merger from the standpoint of the adequacy of the cash consideration or the exchange ratio for converting Cardinal common stock to
United Bankshares common stock. Furthermore, regulatory approvals do not constitute an endorsement or recommendation of the merger.

As of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement, no regulatory approvals have been received. While United Bankshares
and Cardinal do not know of any reason why necessary regulatory approval would not be obtained in a timely manner, they cannot be
certain when or if they will receive them, or if obtained, whether they will contain terms, conditions or restrictions not currently
contemplated that will be detrimental to the combined company after completion of the merger.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

The merger agreement contains reciprocal forbearances made by Cardinal and United Bankshares to each other. Cardinal and United
Bankshares have agreed that, until the effective time of the merger, neither of them nor any of their subsidiaries, without the prior written
consent of, or as previously disclosed to, the other, will:
 

 

•  Conduct business other than in the ordinary and usual course or fail to use reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business
organizations and assets and maintain its rights, franchises and existing relations with customers, suppliers, employees and
business associates, or take any action reasonably likely to have an adverse effect upon its ability to perform any of its material
obligations under the merger agreement;

 

 
•  Implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be required by U.S.

generally accepted accounting principles or its regulatory authorities;
 

 

•  Except as required by applicable law or regulation, implement or adopt any material change in its interest rate or other risk
management policies, practices or procedures, fail to materially follow existing policies or practices with respect to managing
exposure to interest rate and other risk, or fail to use commercially reasonable means to avoid any material increase in its
aggregate exposure to interest rate risk; or

 

 
•  Take any action that would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the merger from qualifying as a reorganization within

the meaning of Section 368 of the Code, or knowingly take any action that is
 

114



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 126/233

Table of Contents

 
intended or is reasonably likely to result in any of the conditions to the merger not being satisfied, or a material violation of any
provision of the merger agreement except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.

Cardinal has also agreed that, prior to the effective time, without the prior written consent of, or as previously disclosed to, United
Bankshares, it will not and will cause each of its subsidiaries not to:
 

 

•  Other than pursuant to rights previously disclosed and outstanding on the date of the merger agreement, issue, sell or otherwise
permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any additional shares of Cardinal common stock or any rights to
purchase Cardinal common stock, enter into any agreement with respect to the foregoing, or permit any additional shares of
Cardinal common stock to become subject to new grants of employee or director stock options, other rights or similar stock
based employee rights (other than equity compensation awards and issuances of Cardinal common stock, rights, employee or
director stock options or similar equity compensation awards under a Cardinal equity compensation plan in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice);

 

 

•  Except as previously disclosed, make, declare, pay or set aside for payment any dividend (other than cash dividends at a rate
not to exceed $0.12 per share on Cardinal common stock and dividends from wholly-owned subsidiaries to Cardinal, or another
wholly-owned subsidiary of Cardinal) on or in respect of, or declare or make any distribution on, any shares of Cardinal stock
or directly or indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem, reclassify, purchase or otherwise acquire, any shares of its capital stock;

 

 

•  Enter into or amend or renew any employment, consulting, compensation, severance or similar agreements or arrangements
with any director, officer or employee of Cardinal or its subsidiaries, except as previously disclosed, or grant any salary or wage
increase or increase any employee benefit, except for normal individual increases in compensation to employees in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices, individual cash bonus awards for 2016 performance in accordance with
Cardinal’s short-term and long-term incentive plans in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and for the
retention bonus pool equal to $1,250,000 in the aggregate that Cardinal and United Bankshares have agreed to establish for the
purpose of retaining certain employees of Cardinal before and after the effective time of the merger;

 

 

•  Enter into, establish, adopt or amend (except as may be required by applicable law or to satisfy previously disclosed contractual
obligations existing as of the date of the merger agreement) any pension, retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings,
profit sharing, deferred compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or welfare
contract, plan or arrangement, or any trust agreement (or similar arrangement) related thereto, in respect of any director, officer
or employee of Cardinal or its subsidiaries, or take any action to accelerate the vesting or exercisability of stock options,
restricted stock or other compensation or benefits payable thereunder;

 

 
•  Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of or discontinue any of its assets, deposits, business or properties

except in the ordinary course of business and in a transaction that is not material to it and its subsidiaries taken as a whole;
 

 
•  Except in the ordinary course of business, acquire (other than by way of foreclosures or acquisitions of control in a bona fide

fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in each case in the ordinary and usual course of
business consistent with past practice) all or any portion of the assets, business, deposits or properties of any other entity;

 

 
•  Amend Cardinal’s articles of incorporation or bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing

documents) of any of Cardinal’s subsidiaries;
 

 
•  Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, enter into or terminate any material contract or amend or

modify in any material respect any of its existing material contracts in a manner that is material to Cardinal and its subsidiaries
taken as a whole;

 

 
•  Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, settle any claim, action or proceeding, except for any

claim, action or proceeding that does not involve precedent for other
 

115



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 127/233

Table of Contents

 
material claims, actions or proceedings and that involve solely money damages in an amount, individually or in the aggregate
for all such settlements, that is not material to Cardinal and its subsidiaries taken as whole;

 

 •  Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the ordinary course of business;
 

 •  Organize or approve the organization of any subsidiaries; or
 

 •  Agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.

United Bankshares has agreed that, prior to the effective time, without the prior written consent of, or as previously disclosed to,
Cardinal, it will not and will cause each of its subsidiaries not to:
 

 

•  Make, declare, pay or set aside for payment any extraordinary dividend, other than in connection with the United Bankshares
stock repurchase program, provided that the foregoing restriction does not restrict United Bankshares from making, declaring or
paying its regular quarterly cash dividends and dividends from wholly-owned subsidiaries to United Bankshares or another
wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares (which, for the avoidance of doubt, will continue to be paid);

 

 

•  Enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the merger, acquisition, consolidation, share exchange
or similar business combination involving United Bankshares and/or a United Bankshares subsidiary, where the effect of such
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or the consummation or effectuation thereof, would be reasonably likely to or does
result in the termination of the merger agreement, materially delay or jeopardize the receipt of the approval of any
governmental authority or the filing of an application therefor, or cause the anticipated tax treatment of the transactions
contemplated in the merger agreement to be unavailable; provided, however, that nothing in such covenant shall prohibit any
such transaction that by its terms contemplates the consummation of the merger in accordance with the provisions of the merger
agreement and that treats holders of Cardinal common stock, upon completion of the merger and their receipt of United
Bankshares stock, in the same manner as the holders of United Bankshares stock;

 

 
•  Amend the United Bankshares articles of incorporation or bylaws in a manner that would materially and adversely affect the

benefits of the merger to the shareholders of Cardinal; or
 

 •  Agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Cardinal and United Bankshares may mutually agree to terminate the merger agreement at any time upon a vote by a majority of the
board of directors of each of Cardinal and United Bankshares.

Either Cardinal or United Bankshares may terminate the merger agreement if the merger is not complete by August 31, 2017, unless
the failure of the merger to be consummated arises out of or results from the knowing action or inaction of the party seeking to terminate.

United Bankshares may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:
 

 
•  Cardinal materially breaches any of its representations or obligations under the merger agreement and does not cure the breach

within 30 days of written notice of the breach;
 

 

•  (i) Final action has been taken by any governmental authority whose approval is required for consummation of the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which final action has become nonappealable and does not
approve the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or such governmental authority has
approved of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement with a materially burdensome
regulatory condition, (ii) any governmental authority whose approval or nonobjection is required in connection with the merger
agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement has stated that it will not issue the required approval or
nonobjection, (iii) the shareholders of United

 
116



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 128/233

Table of Contents

 
Bankshares do not approve the merger agreement, the issuance of United Bankshares common stock or the United Bankshares
articles amendment or (iv) the Cardinal shareholders do not approve the merger agreement;

 

 

•  As of August 31, 2017, (i) the continued accuracy of Cardinal’s representations and warranties in the merger agreement cannot
be confirmed by Cardinal, (ii) the performance in all material respects of all of its obligations in the merger agreement cannot
be confirmed by Cardinal, or (iii) the binding, written agreements with certain key employees of Cardinal concerning
employment with United Bankshares after the effective time of the merger have not been executed and delivered or one of the
key employees has taken any action on or before the effective time of the merger to materially breach or to cancel or terminate
any such agreement (provided that such failure is not a result of United Bankshares’ failure to perform, in any material respect,
any of its covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement or the breach by United Bankshares of any of its material
representations or warranties contained in the merger agreement); or

 

 
•  The Cardinal board of directors fails to recommend approval of the merger agreement, withdraws its recommendation or

modifies its recommendation in a manner adverse to United Bankshares.

Cardinal may terminate the merger agreement if any of the following occurs:
 

 
•  United Bankshares materially breaches any of its representations or obligations under the merger agreement and does not cure

the breach within 30 days of written notice of the breach;
 

 

•  (i) Final action has been taken by any governmental authority whose approval is required for consummation of the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, which final action has become nonappealable and does not
approve the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or such governmental authority has
approved of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement with a materially burdensome
regulatory condition, (ii) any governmental authority whose approval or nonobjection is required in connection with the merger
agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement has stated that it will not issue the required approval or
nonobjection, (iii) the shareholders of United Bankshares do not approve the merger agreement, the issuance of United
Bankshares common stock or the United Bankshares articles amendment or (iv) the Cardinal shareholders do not approve the
merger agreement;

 

 

•  As of August 31, 2017, United Bankshares is not able to confirm, (i) the continued accuracy of its representations and
warranties in the merger agreement or (ii) the performance in all material respects of all of its obligations in the merger
agreement (provided that such failure is not a result of Cardinal’s failure to perform, in any material respect, any of its
covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement or the breach by Cardinal of any of its material representations or
warranties contained in the merger agreement);

 

 
•  The United Bankshares board of directors fails to recommend approval of the merger agreement and the issuance of United

Bankshares common stock in connection with the merger to the United Bankshares shareholders, withdraws its
recommendation or modifies its recommendation in a manner adverse to Cardinal; or

 

 

•  The price of United Bankshares common stock declines by more than 20% from $38.91 and underperforms an index of banking
companies by more than 15% over a designated measurement period unless United Bankshares agrees to increase the number
of shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued to holders of Cardinal common stock who are to receive shares of
United Bankshares common stock in the merger to an amount that equals the economic value of the merger consideration to be
received by Cardinal shareholders as of the date the merger agreement was executed.

Additionally, Cardinal may terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an agreement with respect to an unsolicited
acquisition proposal that if consummated would result in a transaction more favorable to
 

117



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 129/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal shareholders from a financial point of view than the merger, that is fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed,
is reasonably likely to receive all required approvals of governmental authorities on a timely basis and otherwise reasonably capable of
being completed on the terms proposed, provided that United Bankshares does not make a counteroffer that the Cardinal board of directors
determines is at least as favorable to the other proposal and Cardinal pays the termination fee described below.

Effect of Termination; Termination Fees

If the merger agreement is validly terminated, the merger agreement will become void without any liability on the part of any party
except that provisions relating to expenses and the termination fee will continue in effect and termination will not relieve a breaching party
from liability for any willful breach of the merger agreement.

Cardinal has agreed to pay a termination fee to United Bankshares equal to $36,000,000 if:
 

 

•  Cardinal terminates the merger agreement in order to concurrently enter into an agreement with respect to an unsolicited
acquisition proposal that has been received and is (i) more favorable to its shareholders from a financial point of view than the
merger with United Bankshares, (ii) fully financed or reasonably capable of being fully financed, (iii) reasonably likely to
receive all required governmental approvals on a timely basis and (iv) otherwise reasonably capable of being completed on the
terms proposed, provided United Bankshares does not make a counteroffer that the Cardinal board of directors determines is at
least as favorable to the unsolicited acquisition proposal; or

 

 

•  United Bankshares terminates the merger agreement because the Cardinal board of directors fails to recommend, withdraws,
modifies or changes its recommendation of the merger in a manner adverse in any respect to the interests of United Bankshares
and within 12 months after the date of termination of the merger agreement, Cardinal enters into an agreement with respect to
another acquisition proposal or consummates another acquisition proposal.

United Bankshares has agreed to pay a termination fee to Cardinal equal to $13,500,000 if either United Bankshares or Cardinal
terminates the merger agreement because (a) the merger did not close prior to August 31, 2017 or (b) the necessary governmental
approvals were not or cannot be obtained or could be obtained only with a materially burdensome regulatory condition, but only if (i) the
delay in the closing of the merger or the action or statement by a governmental authority giving rise to the termination of the merger
agreement, as applicable, arises solely because United Bankshares does not satisfy the condition to approval of a governmental authority
requiring it to raise or obtain capital, in accordance with the terms required by the applicable governmental authority, (ii) the following
conditions have been or are reasonably likely to be satisfied: (A) the Cardinal shareholders have approved of the merger; (B) no injunction
prohibiting the consummation of the merger has been enacted or issued (other than any action arising out of the failure to obtain the
applicable governmental approval); and (C) the representations and warranties of Cardinal are true and correct and Cardinal’s obligations
prior to the closing of the merger are materially performed, (iii) Cardinal has not breached its obligations to assist in the preparation of this
prospectus and joint proxy statement, and (iv) United Bankshares does not otherwise have a right to terminate the merger agreement as a
result of an uncured material breach by Cardinal or failure by Cardinal to perform all conditions precedent to United Bankshares
obligation to close the merger.

Surrender of Stock Certificates

Computershare Limited will act as exchange agent in the merger and in that role will process the exchange of Cardinal stock
certificates for United Bankshares common stock. The exchange agent, or United Bankshares and Cardinal if the exchange agent declines
to do so, will also be making any computations required by the merger agreement, and all such computations will be conclusive and
binding on the holders of Cardinal common stock in the absence of manifest error. In any event, do not forward your Cardinal stock
certificates with your proxy card.

After the effective time of the merger, each certificate formerly representing Cardinal common stock, until so surrendered and
exchanged, will evidence only the right to receive the number of whole shares of United
 

118



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 130/233

Table of Contents

Bankshares common stock that the holder is entitled to receive in the merger, any cash payment in lieu of a fractional share of United
Bankshares common stock and any dividend or other distribution with respect to United Bankshares common stock with a record date
occurring after the effective time of the merger. The holder of such unexchanged certificate will not be entitled to receive any dividends or
distributions payable by United Bankshares until the certificate has been exchanged. Subject to applicable laws, following surrender of
such certificates, such dividends and distributions, together with any cash payment in lieu of a fractional share of United Bankshares
common stock, will be paid without interest.

After the completion of the merger, there will be no further transfers of Cardinal common stock. Cardinal stock certificates presented
for transfer after the completion of the merger will be canceled and exchanged for the merger consideration.

If your Cardinal stock certificates have been either lost, stolen or destroyed, you will have to prove your ownership of these
certificates and that they were lost, stolen or destroyed before you receive any consideration for your shares. Upon request, our exchange
agent, Computershare Limited, will send you instructions on how to provide evidence of ownership.

No Fractional Shares

Each holder of shares of common stock exchanged pursuant to the merger who would otherwise have been entitled to receive a
fraction of a share of United Bankshares common stock shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the
product of (i) such fractional part of a share of United Bankshares common stock multiplied by (ii) the average of the daily closing prices
for United Bankshares common stock for the 20 consecutive full trading days on which shares of United Bankshares common stock are
actually traded on Nasdaq ending on the tenth trading day prior to the date of completion of the merger. A Cardinal shareholder whose
direct shareholdings are represented by multiple Cardinal stock certificates will have all shares associated with those stock certificates
aggregated for purposes of calculating whole shares and cash in lieu of fractional shares to be received upon completion of the merger.

Assumption of Cardinal Trust Preferred Securities

At the effective time of the merger, United Bankshares will expressly assume all of Cardinal’s obligations under the debentures
issued by Cardinal to Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I and any trust preferred securities issued by Cardinal that are
intended to be “qualified trust preferred securities” (as defined in applicable regulatory capital guidelines) or that are eligible for such
treatment as grandfathered trust preferred securities. In connection therewith, to the extent applicable, as of the effective time of the
merger, United Bankshares will be substituted for Cardinal on such indentures, the subordinated debentures and trust preferred securities
and will have executed any and all documents, instruments and agreements, including any supplemental indentures, guarantees or
declarations of trust required by the aforementioned indentures, the subordinated debentures or the trust preferred securities issued by
Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I, or as may reasonably be requested by the trustees thereunder, and thereafter shall
perform all of Cardinal’s obligations with respect to the subordinated debentures and the trust preferred securities issued by Cardinal
Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I.

Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

Shareholders will not have any dissenters’ or appraisal rights in connection with the merger and the other matters described in this
prospectus and joint proxy statement.

Accounting Treatment

The merger will be accounted for using acquisition accounting, in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. As
such, the assets and liabilities of Cardinal, as of the completion of the merger, will be recorded at their fair values as well as any
identifiable intangible assets. Any remaining excess purchase price will be allocated to goodwill, will not be amortized and will be
evaluated for impairment annually. Consolidated
 

119



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 131/233

Table of Contents

financial statements of United Bankshares issued after the consummation of the merger will reflect such values. In addition, costs incurred
in connection with the business combination will be expensed as incurred unless related to the equity issuance. The operating results of
Cardinal will be included in United Bankshares’ consolidated financial statements from the date the merger is consummated and
afterwards.

Management and Operations after the Merger

Bernard H. Clineburg will join the United Bankshares board of directors at the effective time of the merger. In addition, the merger
agreement provides for the appointment of two individuals from Cardinal to the board of directors of United Bank. See “The Merger –
 Interests of Certain Cardinal Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 97.

The remaining current directors and senior officers of United Bankshares are expected to continue in their current positions.
Information about the current United Bankshares directors and executive officers can be found in the documents listed under “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 141.

Resales of United Bankshares Common Stock

The shares of United Bankshares common stock to be issued to shareholders of Cardinal under the merger agreement have been
registered under the Securities Act of 1933 and, except for those restricted shares that will not experience accelerated vesting in the
merger, may be freely traded without restriction by holders, including holders who were affiliates of Cardinal on the date of the special
meeting (except for such holders who become affiliates of United Bankshares as of the effective time of the merger via their appointment
to the board of directors of United Bankshares or otherwise). All directors and executive officers of Cardinal are considered affiliates of
Cardinal for this purpose.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

On December 20, 2016, Henry Kwong, individually and purportedly on behalf of all other Cardinal shareholders, filed a putative
class action complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia, Alexandria Division (Case No. 1:16-cv-01582-TSE-
MSN), challenging the merger. On January 11, 2017, a separate putative class action complaint was filed by Kyle Miller, individually and
purportedly on behalf of all other Cardinal shareholders, in the same court (Case No. 1:17-cv-00044-TSE-MSN). By Order dated January
27, 2017, these actions were consolidated for all purposes and merged. The plaintiffs generally claim that Cardinal and the Cardinal
directors and United Bankshares violated federal securities laws by filing with the SEC a materially false and misleading prospectus and
joint proxy statement. Mr. Miller also alleges in his complaint that the Cardinal directors breached their fiduciary duties by failing to
disclose to the Cardinal shareholders all material information necessary to make an informed decision when voting on the transaction. The
complaints seek, among other things, an order enjoining United Bankshares and the Cardinal Defendants from proceeding with or
consummating the merger, as well as other equitable relief or money damages in the event that the transaction is completed. United
Bankshares and Cardinal believe that the claims are without merit and intend to defend vigorously against the allegations in the
complaints.
 

120



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 132/233

Table of Contents

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

General

The following discussion and legal conclusions contained herein constitute and represent the opinion of Bowles Rice LLP, counsel to
United Bankshares, and LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation, counsel to Cardinal, as to the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger to “U.S. holders” of Cardinal common stock who exchange such stock for shares of United Bankshares
common stock pursuant to the merger. This discussion is based upon the Code, existing and proposed Treasury Regulations, administrative
pronouncements and judicial decisions, all as currently in effect as of the date hereof, and all of which are subject to change, possibly with
retroactive effect. Such a change could affect the continuing validity of this summary. No assurance can be given that the Internal Revenue
Service, or the IRS, would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position contrary to any of the tax consequences set forth below.

For purposes of this summary, a “U.S. holder” is a beneficial owner of Cardinal common stock that for U.S. federal income tax
purposes is: (1) a citizen or resident of the United States; (2) a corporation, or an entity treated as a corporation, created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States or any state or political subdivision thereof; (3) a trust (A) if (i) the administration thereof is subject to
the primary supervision of a court within the United States, and (ii) one or more United States persons have the authority to control all
substantial decisions of such trust or (B) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United
States person; or (4) an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income tax on its income regardless of the source.

If a partnership (including for this purpose any entity treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds Cardinal
common stock, the tax treatment of a partner generally will depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you
are a partner of a partnership holding Cardinal common stock, you should consult your tax advisor.

The following summary addresses only those U.S. Holders that hold their Cardinal common stock as a capital asset within the
meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. It does not address all the tax consequences that may be relevant to particular shareholders in light
of their individual circumstances or to shareholders that are subject to special rules, including, without limitation: financial institutions;
tax-exempt organizations; S corporations, partnerships or other pass-through entities (or an investor in an S corporation, partnership or
other pass-through entity); insurance companies; mutual funds; dealers in stocks or securities, or foreign currencies; non-U.S. holders; a
trader in securities who elects the mark-to-market method of accounting for the securities; persons that hold shares as a hedge against
currency risk, a straddle or a constructive sale or conversion transaction; holders who acquired their shares pursuant to the exercise of
employee stock options or otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan; and holders of Cardinal stock options,
stock warrants or debt instruments. In addition, the discussion does not address any alternative minimum tax or any state, local or foreign
tax consequences of the merger, nor does it address any tax consequences arising under the unearned income Medicare contribution tax
pursuant to the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010.

The Merger

Cardinal and United Bankshares have structured the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of
the Code. Consummation of the merger is conditioned upon United Bankshares receiving an opinion from Bowles Rice LLP and upon
Cardinal receiving an opinion from LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation, both to the effect that, based upon facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinions, the merger constitutes a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. The
issuance of the opinions is conditioned on, among other things, such tax counsel’s receipt of representation letters from each of Cardinal or
United Bankshares, in each case in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to such
 

121



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 133/233

Table of Contents

counsel, and on customary factual assumptions. Neither of these opinions of counsel is binding on the IRS or the courts and no ruling has
been, or will be, sought from the IRS as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. Accordingly, each Cardinal
shareholder should consult its own tax advisor with respect to the particular tax consequences of the merger to such holder.

Consequences to Cardinal and United Bankshares

Each of Cardinal and United Bankshares will be a party to the merger within the meaning of Section 368(b) of the Code, and neither
Cardinal nor United Bankshares will recognize any gain or loss as a result of the merger.

Consequences to Shareholders

Exchange of Cardinal Common Stock for United Bankshares Common Stock. U.S. holders of Cardinal common stock that exchange
all of their Cardinal common stock solely for United Bankshares common stock will not recognize income, gain or loss for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, except, as discussed below, with respect to cash received in lieu of fractional shares of United Bankshares common
stock.

Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares. U.S. holders of Cardinal common stock that receive cash in lieu of fractional shares of United
Bankshares common stock in the merger generally will be treated as if the fractional shares of United Bankshares common stock had been
distributed to them as part of the merger, and then redeemed by United Bankshares in exchange for the cash actually distributed in lieu of
the fractional shares, with the redemption generally qualifying as an “exchange” under Section 302 of the Code. Consequently, those
holders generally will recognize capital gain or loss with respect to the cash payments they receive in lieu of fractional shares measured by
the difference between the amount of cash received and the tax basis allocated to the fractional shares, and will be long-term capital gain
or loss if, as of the effective date of the merger, the holding period of such shares is greater than one year. The deductibility of capital
losses is subject to limitations.

Basis in United Bankshares Common Stock. Each U.S. holder’s aggregate tax basis in United Bankshares common stock received in
the merger will be equal to the U.S. holder’s aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Cardinal common stock exchanged in the merger,
decreased by the amount of any tax basis allocable to any fractional share interest for which cash is received (described above). The
holding period of United Bankshares common stock received by a U.S. holder in the merger will include the holding period of the Cardinal
common stock exchanged in the merger if the Cardinal common stock exchanged is held as a capital asset at the time of the merger. If a
U.S. holder acquired different blocks of Cardinal common stock at different times or at different prices, the United Bankshares common
stock such holder receives will be allocated pro rata to each block of Cardinal common stock, and the basis and holding period of each
block of United Bankshares common stock such holder receives will be determined on a block-for-block basis depending on the basis and
holding period of the blocks of Cardinal common stock exchanged for such block of United Bankshares common stock.

Backup Withholding and Reporting Requirements

U.S. holders of Cardinal common stock, other than certain exempt recipients, may be subject to backup withholding at a rate of 28%
with respect to any cash payment received in the merger in lieu of fractional shares. However, backup withholding will not apply to any
U.S. holder that either (a) furnishes to United Bankshares a correct taxpayer identification number and certifies that it is not subject to
backup withholding and United Bankshares and its exchange agent have not received notice to the contrary or (b) otherwise proves to
United Bankshares and its exchange agent that the U.S. holder is exempt from backup withholding.

In addition, U.S. holders of Cardinal common stock are required to retain permanent records and make such records available to any
authorized IRS officers and employees. The records should include the number of shares of Cardinal stock exchanged, the number of
shares of United Bankshares stock received, the fair market value and tax basis of Cardinal shares exchanged and the U.S. holder’s tax
basis in the United Bankshares common stock received.
 

122



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 134/233

Table of Contents

If a U.S. holder of Cardinal common stock that exchanges such stock for United Bankshares common stock is a “significant holder”
with respect to Cardinal, the U.S. holder is required to include a statement with respect to the exchange on or with the federal income tax
return of the U.S. holder for the year of the exchange. A U.S. holder of Cardinal common stock will be treated as a significant holder in
Cardinal if the U.S. holder’s ownership interest in Cardinal is five percent (5%) or more of Cardinal’s issued and outstanding common
stock or if the U.S. holder’s basis in the shares of Cardinal stock exchanged is one million dollars ($1,000,000) or more. The statement
must be prepared in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-3 and must be entitled “STATEMENT PURSUANT TO §1.368-3
BY [INSERT NAME AND TAXPAYER IDENTIFICATION NUMBER (IF ANY) OF TAXPAYER], A SIGNIFICANT HOLDER”. The
statement must include the names and employer identification numbers of Cardinal and United Bankshares, the date of the merger, and the
fair market value and tax basis of Cardinal shares exchanged (determined immediately before the merger).

The discussion of material U.S. federal income tax consequences set forth above does not purport to be a complete analysis or
listing of all potential tax effects that may apply to a holder of Cardinal common stock. We strongly encourage shareholders of
Cardinal to consult their tax advisors to determine the particular tax consequences to them of the merger, including the
application and effect of federal, state, local, foreign and other tax laws.
 

123



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 135/233

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT UNITED BANKSHARES AND CARDINAL

United Bankshares

United Bankshares is a West Virginia corporation registered as a bank holding company pursuant to the BHCA. United Bankshares
was incorporated on March 26, 1982, organized on September 9, 1982, and began conducting business on May 1, 1984 with the
acquisition of three wholly-owned subsidiaries. Since its formation in 1982, United Bankshares has acquired twenty-nine banking
institutions. United Bankshares has two banking subsidiaries “doing business” under the name of United Bank, one operating under the
laws of Virginia referred to as United Bank and the other operating under the laws of West Virginia referred to as UBI. United Bankshares’
banking subsidiaries offer a full range of commercial and retail banking services and products. United Bankshares also owns nonbank
subsidiaries that engage in other community banking services such as asset management, real property title insurance, investment banking,
financial planning and brokerage services.

As a bank holding company registered under the BHCA, United Bankshares’ present business is community banking. As of
September 30, 2016, United Bankshares’ consolidated assets approximated $14.34 billion and total shareholders’ equity approximated
$2.03 billion. At September 30, 2016, United Bankshares’ loan portfolio, net of unearned income, was $10.44 billion and its deposits were
$10.58 billion.

The principal executive offices of United Bankshares are located in Charleston, West Virginia at 300 United Centre, 500 Virginia
Street, East. The telephone number for United Bankshares’ principal executive offices is (304) 424-8800. United Bankshares operates 128
full service offices – 73 located throughout the Shenandoah Valley region of Virginia and the Northern Virginia, Maryland and
Washington, D.C. metropolitan areas, 50 throughout West Virginia, 4 in southwestern Pennsylvania and 1 in southeastern Ohio.

For more information regarding United Bankshares, please see United Bankshares’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and its proxy statement for its 2016
Annual Meeting of shareholders, each of which are incorporated into this prospectus and joint proxy statement by reference.

United Bank

United Bank is a Virginia banking corporation that was incorporated on June 5, 1984. United Bank offers a full range of commercial
and retail banking services and products.

United Bank’s present business is community banking. As of September 30, 2016, United Bank’s consolidated assets approximated
$8.87 billion and total shareholders’ equity approximated $1.64 billion. At September 30, 2016, United Bank’s loan portfolio, net of
unearned income, was $5.44 billion and its deposits were $5.98 billion.

The headquarters and executive officers of United Bank are located at 11185 Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax, VA 22030. United Bank
operates 71 full service offices throughout the Shenandoah Valley Region of Virginia and the Northern Virginia, Maryland and
Washington, D.C. areas.

For more information regarding United Bank, please see United Bankshares’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016 and its proxy statement for its 2016
Annual Meeting of shareholders, each of which are incorporated into this prospectus and joint proxy statement by reference.
 

124



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 136/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal

Cardinal Financial Corporation, a financial holding company, was organized on December 10, 1997 as a Virginia corporation.
Cardinal’s activities consist of investment in its wholly-owned subsidiaries. The principal operating subsidiary of Cardinal is Cardinal
Bank, a Virginia state-chartered bank with 29 banking offices located in Northern Virginia, Maryland and the greater Washington, D.C.
metropolitan area, and its subsidiary George Mason Mortgage, LLC, a mortgage banking company based in Fairfax, Virginia. In addition
to Cardinal Bank, Cardinal has one nonbank subsidiary, Cardinal Wealth Services, Inc., a wealth management services subsidiary.

As of September 30, 2016, Cardinal’s consolidated assets approximated $4.22 billion and total shareholders’ equity approximated
$451.8 million. At September 30, 2016, Cardinal’s loan receivable portfolio, net of allowances for loan losses was approximately $3.20
billion and its deposits totaled approximately $3.22 billion.

Cardinal’s and Cardinal Bank’s executive offices and main branch are located at 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean,
Virginia 22102, and its telephone number is (703) 584-3400. Cardinal Bank currently has 28 additional full service branch offices
throughout Northern Virginia, Maryland and the greater Washington, D.C. metropolitan area, an investment services office in Vienna,
Virginia and 16 residential mortgage lending offices in Virginia, Maryland and the District of Columbia.

For more information regarding Cardinal, please see Cardinal’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015,
its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2016, and its proxy statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders, all of which are incorporated into this prospectus and joint proxy statement by reference.
 

125



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 137/233

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF UNITED BANKSHARES CAPITAL STOCK

General

The authorized capital stock of United Bankshares consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $2.50 per share, and
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value of $1.00 per share. United Bankshares has 81,045,385 shares of common stock issued
(including 28,274 shares held as treasury shares) and no shares of preferred stock issued, each as of February 1, 2017. The outstanding
shares are held by approximately 6,577 shareholders of record, as well as 61,603 shareholders in street name as of February 1, 2017. All
outstanding shares of United Bankshares common stock are fully paid and nonassessable. The unissued portion of United Bankshares’
authorized common stock (subject to registration approval by the SEC) and the treasury shares are available for issuance as the board of
directors of United Bankshares determines advisable.

On May 18, 2016, United Bankshares shareholders approved the 2016 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or the 2016 LTI Plan. The 2016
LTI Plan became effective as of May 18, 2016. An award granted under the 2016 LTI Plan may consist of any non-qualified stock options
or incentive stock options, stock appreciation rights, or SARs, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance units or other-stock-
based award. These awards all relate to the common stock of United Bankshares. The maximum number of shares of United Bankshares
common stock which may be issued under the 2016 LTI Plan is 1,700,000. The 2016 LTI Plan will be administered by a board committee
appointed by the United Bankshares board of directors. Unless otherwise determined by the United Bankshares board of directors, the
Compensation Committee of the Board, or the Compensation Committee, shall administer the 2016 LTI Plan. Any and all shares may be
issued in respect of any of the types of Awards, provided that (1) the aggregate number of shares that may be issued in respect of restricted
stock awards, and restricted stock unit awards which are settled in shares is 500,000, and (2) the aggregate number of shares that may be
issued pursuant to stock options is 1,200,000. The shares to be offered under the 2016 LTI Plan may be authorized and unissued shares or
treasury shares. The maximum number of options and SARs, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any individual key employee
during any calendar year is 100,000. The maximum number of stock options and SARs, in the aggregate, which may be awarded to any
non-employee director during any calendar year is 10,000. The maximum number of shares of restricted stock or shares subject to a
restricted stock units award that may be granted during any calendar year is 50,000 shares to any individual key employee and 5,000
shares to any individual non-employee director. Subject to certain change in control provisions, the 2016 LTI Plan provides that awards of
restricted stock and restricted stock units will vest as the Compensation Committee determines in the award agreement, provided that no
awards will vest sooner than 1/3 per year over the first three anniversaries of the award. Awards granted to executive officers of United
typically will have performance based vesting conditions. A Form S-8 was filed on July 29, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange
Commission to register all the shares which were available for the 2016 LTI Plan.

The 2016 LTI Plan replaces the 2011 Long-Term Incentive Plan, or the 2011 LTI Plan, which expired during the second quarter of
2016. A total of 967,285 stock options and 289,637 restricted shares of common stock were granted under the 2011 LTI
Plan. Compensation expense of $720 and $2,050 related to the nonvested awards under the 2011 LTI Plan and the 2006 Stock Option Plan
was incurred for the third quarter and first nine months of 2016, respectively, as compared to the compensation expense of $756 and
$2,144 related to the nonvested awards under the 2006 Stock Option Plan incurred for the third quarter and first nine months of 2015,
respectively.

United Bankshares currently has options outstanding from various option plans other than the 2016 LTI Plan, or the Prior Plans;
however, no shares of United Bankshares common stock are available for grants under the Prior Plans as these plans have expired. Awards
outstanding under the Prior Plans will remain in effect in accordance with their respective terms. The maximum term for options granted
under the plans is ten years. As of September 30, 2016, the number of shares of United Bankshares common stock underlying option
awards issued under Prior Plans that remain in effect are 1,683,477 shares.
 

126



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 138/233

Table of Contents

In May 2006, the United Bankshares board of directors approved a stock repurchase plan, whereby United Bankshares could buy up
to 1,700,000 shares of its common stock in the open market. As of September 30, 2016, United Bankshares had repurchased 1,377,800
shares under the repurchase plan.

Common Stock

Voting Rights. United Bankshares has only one class of stock issued and outstanding and all voting rights are vested in the holders of
United Bankshares common stock. On all matters subject to a vote of shareholders, the shareholders of United Bankshares will be entitled
to one vote for each share of common stock owned. United Bankshares does not have a classified board of directors. Shareholders of
United Bankshares have cumulative voting rights with regard to election of directors. At the present time, no senior securities of United
Bankshares are outstanding, nor does the board of directors presently contemplate issuing senior securities.

Dividend Rights. The shareholders of United Bankshares are entitled to receive dividends when and as declared by its board of
directors. Dividends have been paid quarterly. Dividends were $0.99 for the first nine months of 2016, $1.29 per share in 2015, $1.28 per
share in 2014 and $1.25 per share in 2013. The payment of dividends is subject to the restrictions set forth in the West Virginia Business
Corporation Act and the limitations imposed by the Federal Reserve.

Payment of dividends by United Bankshares is dependent upon receipt of dividends from its banking subsidiaries. Payment of
dividends by United Bankshares’ state member banking subsidiaries is regulated by the West Virginia Business Corporation Act and the
limitations imposed by the Federal Reserve and generally, the prior approval of the Federal Reserve is required if the total dividends
declared by a state member bank in any calendar year exceeds its net profits, as defined, for that year combined with its retained net profits
for the preceding two years. Additionally, prior approval of the Federal Reserve is required when a state member bank has deficit retained
earnings but has sufficient current year’s net income, as defined, plus the retained net profits of the two preceding years. The Federal
Reserve may prohibit dividends if it deems the payment to be an unsafe or unsound banking practice. The Federal Reserve has issued
guidelines for dividend payments by state member banks emphasizing that proper dividend size depends on the bank’s earnings and
capital.

Liquidation Rights. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of its affairs, the holders of United Bankshares common stock
are entitled to receive pro rata all of the assets of United Bankshares for distribution to shareholders. There are no redemption or sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock.

Assessment and Redemption. Shares of United Bankshares common stock presently outstanding are validly issued, fully paid and
nonassessable. There is no provision for any voluntary redemption of United Bankshares common stock.

Transfer Agent and Registrar. The transfer agent and registrar for United Bankshares common stock is Computershare Limited.

Preferred Stock

On December 23, 2008, the shareholders of United Bankshares authorized the issuance of preferred stock up to 50,000,000 shares
with a par value of $1.00 per share. The authorized preferred stock may be issued by the United Bankshares board of directors in one or
more series, from time to time, with each such series to consist of such number of shares and to have such voting powers, full or limited,
or no voting powers, and such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and the qualifications,
limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance of such series adopted by the
United Bankshares board of directors. Currently, no shares of preferred stock have been issued.
 

127



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 139/233

Table of Contents

The authorization of preferred stock will not have an immediate effect on the holders of United Bankshares common stock. The
actual effect of the issuance of any shares of preferred stock upon the rights of the holders of common stock cannot be stated until the
United Bankshares board of directors determines the specific rights of any shares of preferred stock. However, the effects might include,
among other things, restricting dividends on common stock, diluting the voting power of common stock, reducing the market price of
common stock or impairing the liquidation rights of the common stock without further action by the shareholders. Holders of the common
stock will not have preemptive rights with respect to the preferred stock.

Preemptive Rights

No holder of any share of the capital stock of United Bankshares has any preemptive right to subscribe to an additional issue of its
capital stock or to any security convertible into such stock.

Certain Provisions of the Bylaws

Indemnification and Limitations on Liability of Officers and Directors

As permitted by the West Virginia Business Corporation Act, the United Bankshares articles of incorporation contain provisions that
indemnify its directors and officers to the fullest extent permitted by West Virginia law. These provisions do not limit or eliminate the
rights of United Bankshares or any shareholder to seek an injunction or any other non-monetary relief in the event of a breach of a
director’s or officer’s fiduciary duty. In addition, these provisions apply only to claims against a director or officer arising out of his or her
role as a director or officer and do not relieve a director or officer from liability if he or she engaged in willful misconduct or a knowing
violation of the criminal law or any federal or state securities law.

In addition, the United Bankshares articles of incorporation provide for the indemnification of both directors and officers for
expenses that they incur in connection with the defense or settlement of claims asserted against them in their capacities as directors and
officers. This right of indemnification extends to judgments or penalties assessed against them. United Bankshares has limited its exposure
to liability for indemnification of directors and officers by purchasing directors and officers liability insurance coverage.

The rights of indemnification provided in the United Bankshares articles of incorporation are not exclusive of any other rights that
may be available under any insurance or other agreement, by vote of shareholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act of 1933 may be permitted to directors, officers or persons
controlling United Bankshares pursuant to the foregoing provisions, United Bankshares has been informed that in the opinion of the SEC
such indemnification is against public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable.

Shares Eligible for Future Sale

All of the shares that will be exchanged for shares of United Bankshares common stock upon consummation of the merger will be
freely tradable without restriction or registration under the Securities Act.

United Bankshares cannot predict the effect, if any, that future sales of shares of its common stock, or the availability of shares for
future sales, will have on the market price prevailing from time to time. Sales of substantial amounts of shares of United Bankshares
common stock, or the perception that such sales could occur, could adversely affect the prevailing market price of the shares.
 

128



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 140/233

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

The rights of United Bankshares shareholders are governed by the West Virginia Business Corporation Act. The rights of Cardinal
shareholders are governed by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act. The rights of shareholders under both corporations are also governed by
their respective articles of incorporation and bylaws. Following the merger, the rights of Cardinal shareholders that receive United
Bankshares common stock will be governed by the articles and bylaws of United Bankshares. This summary does not purport to be a
complete discussion of, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, Cardinal’s articles of incorporation and bylaws, United Bankshares’
articles of incorporation and bylaws, Virginia law and West Virginia law.

Authorized Capital Stock
 

 
Preemptive Rights

 

 
Size of Board of Directors

 

 
129

United Bankshares

100,000,000 shares of common stock, $2.50 par value per share
and 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1.00 par value per
share.

Cardinal

50,000,000 shares of common stock, $1.00 par value per share and
1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, $1.00 par value per share.

United Bankshares

The United Bankshares articles of incorporation provide that
shareholders do not have preemptive rights to purchase, subscribe
for, or take any part of any stock, whether unissued or treasury
shares, or any part of the notes, debentures, bonds or other
securities issued, optioned or sold by United Bankshares.

Cardinal

The articles of incorporation of Cardinal provide that shareholders
do not have preemptive rights to subscribe to or purchase any
shares of any class of stock of Cardinal, any securities or
obligations of Cardinal convertible into stock of Cardinal, or any
options, warrants or rights to purchase any such shares or
securities of Cardinal.

United Bankshares

United Bankshares’ bylaws provide that the board of directors
shall consist of at least 5 and no more than 35 directors, provided
that the number may be increased or decreased from time to time
by an amendment to the bylaws, but no decrease shall have the
effect of shortening the term of any incumbent director. The
United Bankshares board of directors currently consists of 11
individuals, and immediately following the merger will consist of
12 individuals, all of whom are elected annually.

Cardinal

Cardinal’s bylaws provide that the board of directors shall be fixed
at 11 directors.



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 141/233

Table of Contents

Cumulative Voting for Directors

Cumulative voting entitles each shareholder to cast an aggregate number of votes equal to the number of voting shares held,
multiplied by the number of directors to be elected. Each shareholder may cast all of his or her votes for one nominee or distribute them
among two or more nominees, thus permitting holders of less than a majority of the outstanding shares of voting stock to achieve board
representation. Where cumulative voting is not permitted, holders of all outstanding shares of voting stock of a corporation elect the entire
board of directors of the corporation.
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares shareholders are allowed to cumulate their votes in
the election of directors. Each share of United Bankshares stock may
be voted for as many individuals as there are directors to be elected.
Directors are elected by a plurality of the votes cast by the holders
entitled to vote at the meeting.   

Cardinal shareholders are not allowed to cumulate their votes in
the election of directors. Directors are elected by a plurality of
the votes cast by the holders entitled to vote at the meeting.

Classes of Directors
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares only has one class of directors.
  

Cardinal has three classes of directors, with directors serving
staggered three-year terms.

Qualifications of Directors
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares has retirement provisions based on age and
minimum requirements for stock ownership for outside directors in its
Corporate Governance Policy.

  

Cardinal’s bylaws state that, except for individuals who were on
the board of directors on April 24, 2004 or as waived by the
board of directors, no person 70 years of age or older is eligible
to stand for election to the board of directors.

Filling Vacancies on the Board
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares’ bylaws provide that each vacancy existing on the
board of directors and any directorship to be filled by reason of an
increase in the number of directors, unless the articles of incorporation
or bylaws provide that a vacancy shall be filled in some other manner,
may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining
directors at an annual, regular or special meeting of the board of
directors. Any directorship to be filled by the board of directors by
reason of a vacancy or an increase in the number of directors may be
filled for a term of office continuing only until the next election of
directors by the shareholders.

  

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation and bylaws provide that
when any vacancy occurs among the directors due to an increase
in the number of directorships by not more than two, or death,
resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal from office, or
other cause, the vacancy will be filled by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the directors remaining in office, whether or not a
quorum. Any directorship to be filled by the board of directors
will be filled for a term of office continuing for the term of the
director for whom such director has been chosen to succeed or, if
none, until the expiration of the term of the class assigned to the
additional directorship so created.

 
130



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 142/233

Table of Contents

Removal of Directors
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

Under West Virginia law any member of the board may be removed,
with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of a majority of all the
votes entitled to be cast for the election of directors; provided,
however, that a director may not be removed if the number of votes
sufficient to elect the director under cumulative voting is voted against
the director’s removal.   

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation provide that any member or
the entire board of directors may be removed at any time, but
only for cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of more
than two-thirds of each class of voting stock of Cardinal at a
special meeting called for such purpose.

Notice of Shareholder Proposals and Director Nominations
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

Shareholders may make a nomination for director provided that such
nomination or nominations must be made in writing, signed by the
shareholder and received by the Chairman or President of United
Bankshares no later than 10 days from the date the notice on the
meeting of shareholders was mailed; however, in the event the notice
is mailed less than 13 days prior to the meeting, such nomination or
nominations must be received no later than three days prior to any
meeting of the shareholders wherein directors are to be elected. United
Bankshares’ bylaws do not address shareholder proposals except with
regard to the nomination of directors.

  

Cardinal’s bylaws provide that any shareholder may propose
business to be considered at the annual meeting of shareholders,
or nominate an individual for election to the board, only if
written notice of such proposed business or nomination has been
given to, and received by, the Secretary of Cardinal not later than
60 nor more than 90 days prior to the date of the scheduled
annual meeting; provided, however, in the event that less than 70
days’ notice or prior public disclosure of the date of the meeting
is given or made, notice by the shareholder must be so received
not later than the close of business on the 10th day following the
earlier of the day on which such notice of the date of the meeting
was mailed or the day on which such public disclosure was
made. If proposing business, the shareholder’s written notice
must include, among other things, a description of the business
to be considered, the name and address of the shareholder, the
number of shares held by the shareholder, and any material
interest (financial or otherwise) that the shareholder has in the
business. If nominating a director, the shareholder’s written
notice must include, among other things, the name, age, address
and occupation of the nominee, the number of shares held by the
shareholder, and any other information required to be included in
the notice pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act.

 
131



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 143/233

Table of Contents

Anti-Takeover Provisions – Business Combinations
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares’ articles of incorporation and bylaws do not
contain any anti-takeover provisions. In addition, West Virginia
corporate law does not contain statutory provisions concerning
restrictions on business combinations.

  

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation and bylaws do not contain
any anti-takeover provisions. Under Virginia law, there are
statutory provisions concerning “affiliated transactions” and
“control share acquisitions,” neither of which is applicable to the
transactions contemplated by the merger. In addition, Cardinal’s
bylaws specifically waive the applicability of the “control share
acquisitions” provisions to Cardinal.

Shareholder Action Without a Meeting

West Virginia law provides that action required or permitted by law to be taken at a shareholders’ meeting may be taken without a
meeting and without prior notice, if a written consent which describes the action is signed by all of the shareholders entitled to vote on the
matter and is filed with the records of the shareholder meeting.

Unless otherwise set forth in the corporation’s articles of incorporation, Virginia law provides that action required or permitted by
law to be adopted or taken at a shareholders’ meeting may be adopted or taken without a meeting and if the action is adopted or taken by
all shareholders entitled to vote on the action, and any such written consent shall be signed by all shareholders entitled to vote on the
action, bear the date of each signature and delivered for inclusion with the minutes or corporate records of the corporation.
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares’ articles of incorporation and bylaws are silent as
to shareholder action without a meeting. Accordingly, West Virginia
law would govern.   

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation and bylaws are silent as to
shareholder action without a meeting. Accordingly, Virginia law
would govern.

Calling Annual Meetings of Shareholders
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

The annual meeting of the shareholders of United Bankshares shall be
held on the third Monday in May of each calendar year or on such
other date as may be designated in the notice and call of such meeting,
at the principal office of United Bankshares, or at such other place
either within or without the State of West Virginia as the board of
directors shall, from time to time, determine, and the place and the
hour at which such meeting shall be held shall be stated in the notice
and call of such meeting.   

The regular annual meeting of shareholders for the election of
directors and for the transaction of whatever other business may
properly come before the meeting, is held at the main office of
Cardinal, or such other place as the board of directors may
designate, each year on the day the board of directors
determines.

 
132



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 144/233

Table of Contents

Notice of Meetings
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares’ bylaws require that the notice of annual and
special meetings be given by mailing to each shareholder a written
notice specifying the time and place of such meeting, and, in the case
of special meetings, the business to be transacted. The notice must be
mailed to the last addresses of the shareholders as they respectively
appear upon the books of United Bankshares, and in the case of annual
meetings, not less than 10 days, and in the case of special meetings,
not less than 5 days, before the date of such meeting.

  

Notice of any annual or special meeting of Cardinal shareholders
must be mailed postage prepaid, at least 10 days prior to but not
more than 60 days prior to the date thereof, addressed to each
shareholder at his or her address appearing on the books of
Cardinal unless notice is waived by unanimous consent of all
shareholders. However, Virginia law requires that for a meeting
of shareholders to act on an amendment to the articles of
incorporation, a plan of merger, a share exchange or certain other
extraordinary measures specified by Virginia law, notice must be
given at least 25 days prior to, but not more than 60 days prior
to, the meeting.

Vote Required for Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Certain Transactions

West Virginia law and Virginia law provide that on matters other than the election of directors and certain extraordinary corporate
actions, if a quorum is present, then action on a matter is approved if the votes cast favoring the action exceed the votes cast opposing the
action, unless the vote of a greater number is required by law or the articles of incorporation or bylaws. The articles of incorporation or
bylaws of United Bankshares and Cardinal do not require a greater number. An abstention is not considered a “vote cast” for purposes of
the voting requirements, but a shareholder who abstains in person or by proxy is considered present for purposes of the quorum
requirement.
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

Under West Virginia law, the United Bankshares articles of
incorporation may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of
all votes of shareholders entitled to be cast on the matter, unless a
different number is specified in the articles of incorporation or
required by the board of directors. The United Bankshares articles of
incorporation do not specify a different number.
 
Under West Virginia law, a consolidation, merger, share exchange or
transfer must be approved by the shareholders of the corporation at a
meeting at which a quorum exists consisting of at least a majority of
the votes entitled to be cast on the matter. The United Bankshares
articles of incorporation do not provide for a different number.   

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation require the affirmative vote
of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cardinal common
stock to approve any amendment to its articles of incorporation,
any merger or consolidation, any share exchange, or certain
other extraordinary actions; provided, however, that if any such
amendment or action is approved by less than two-thirds of the
Cardinal directors, holders of more than two-thirds of Cardinal’s
common stock must approve the amendment or action.

 
133



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 145/233

Table of Contents

Amendment of Bylaws
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

Under West Virginia law, the United Bankshares bylaws may be
amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of all votes of
shareholders entitled to be cast on the matter, unless a different
number is specified in the articles of incorporation or required by the
board of directors. The United Bankshares articles of incorporation do
not specify a different number.
 
Under West Virginia law and United Bankshares’ bylaws, both the
board of directors and shareholders have the power to amend the
bylaws.   

Cardinal’s bylaws may be amended or repealed at any meeting
of the board of directors, by a vote of a majority of the total
number of directors, or at any special or annual meeting of
shareholders, by a vote of a majority of the shares of Cardinal’s
capital stock issued, outstanding and entitled to vote.

Appraisal Rights
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

Under West Virginia law, shareholders are generally entitled to object
and receive payment of the fair value of their stock in the event of any
of the following corporate actions: merger, transfer of all or
substantially all of the corporation’s assets, participation in a share
exchange as the corporation the stock of which is to be acquired, or an
amendment to the articles of incorporation that reduces the number of
shares of a class or series owned by shareholders to a fraction of a
share if the corporation has the obligation or right to repurchase the
fractional shares. However, appraisal rights are not available to
shareholders in the event of one of the foregoing corporate actions if
the stock is (i) listed on the New York Stock Exchange or designated
as a national market system security on an interdealer quotation
system by the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc. or
(ii) held by 2,000 or more shareholders and the outstanding shares of
stock, excluding shares held by affiliates or shareholders holding more
than 10% of the outstanding shares, have an aggregate market value of
$20 million or more.
 
Appraisal rights will not be available to the shareholders of United
Bankshares in connection with the proposed merger of Cardinal into
United Bankshares because the stock of United Bankshares is
designated as a national market system security on an interdealer
quotation system by the National Association of Securities Dealers,
Inc.   

Under Virginia law, shareholders are generally entitled to object
and receive payment of the fair value of their stock in the event
of any of the following corporate actions: merger, transfer of all
or substantially all of the corporation’s assets, participation in a
share exchange as the corporation the stock of which is to be
acquired, or an amendment to the articles of incorporation that
reduces the number of shares of a class or series owned by
shareholders to a fraction of a share if the corporation has the
obligation or right to repurchase the fractional shares. However,
appraisal rights are not available to shareholders in the event of
one of the foregoing corporate actions if the stock is traded in an
organized market or the company has more than 2,000
shareholders.
 
Appraisal rights will not be available to the shareholders of
Cardinal in connection with the proposed merger because the
stock of Cardinal is listed on Nasdaq.

 
134



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 146/233

Table of Contents

Dividends
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

A West Virginia corporation generally may pay dividends in cash,
property or its own shares except when the corporation is unable to
pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business or the
corporation’s total assets would be less than the sum of its total
liabilities plus the amount that would be needed, if the corporation
were to be dissolved at the time of the dividend, to satisfy any
shareholders who have rights superior to those receiving the dividend.

  

A Virginia corporation generally may pay dividends in cash,
property or its own shares except when the corporation is unable
to pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of
business or the corporation’s total assets would be less than the
sum of its total liabilities plus the amount that would be needed,
if the corporation were to be dissolved at the time of the
dividend, to satisfy any shareholders who have rights superior to
those receiving the dividend.

Discharge of Duties; Exculpation and Indemnification

West Virginia law requires that a director of a West Virginia corporation discharge duties as a director in good faith, in a manner
reasonably believed to be in the best interest of the corporation and with the care that a person in a like position would reasonably believe
appropriate under similar circumstances.

Virginia law requires that a director of a Virginia corporation discharge duties as a director in accordance with his or her good faith
business judgment of the best interests of the corporation.
 

United Bankshares   Cardinal

United Bankshares’ articles of incorporation provide that each director
or officer of United Bankshares shall be indemnified for costs and
expenses arising out of any criminal or civil suit or proceeding against
the director or officer by reason of being a director or officer of United
Bankshares. However, a director or officer shall not be indemnified if
he or she is adjudged in such suit or proceeding to be liable for gross
negligence or willful misconduct in performance of a duty owed to the
corporation.

  

Cardinal’s articles of incorporation provide that, to the full extent
permitted by the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, a director or
officer of Cardinal shall not be liable to Cardinal or its
shareholders for monetary damages. Cardinal’s articles of
incorporation provide that, to the full extent permitted by the
Virginia Stock Corporation Act, Cardinal shall indemnify a
director, officer, employee or agent who is or was a party to any
proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she was a director,
officer, employee or agent of Cardinal or serving at the request
of Cardinal as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
entity.

 
135



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 147/233

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF
UNITED BANKSHARES

The following table sets forth certain information as of February 1, 2017, concerning the number and percentage of shares of United
Bankshares common stock beneficially owned by each of United Bankshares’ directors and named executive officers and by United
Bankshares’ directors and executive officers as a group. In addition, the table includes information with respect to persons known to
United Bankshares who own or may be deemed to own more than 5% of United Bankshares common stock as of February 1, 2017.
Beneficial ownership includes shares, if any, held in the name of the spouse, minor children or other relatives of the individual living in
such person’s home, as well as shares, if any, held in the name of another person under an arrangement whereby the director, or executive
officer can vest title in himself or herself at once or at some future time. Except as otherwise indicated, all shares are owned directly, the
named person possesses sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all such shares, and none of such shares are pledged as
security.
 

    

Number of
Shares

Beneficially
Owned   

Percentage
of Class

Beneficially
Owned  

5% Shareholders:    
BlackRock, Inc.
55 East 52  Street, New York, NY 10055    12,143,669    14.98% 
The Vanguard Group
100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355    6,791,277    8.38% 
State Street Corporation
One Lincoln Street, Boston, MA 02111    6,113,493    7.54% 

Directors:    
Richard M. Adams    915,715   1.13% 
Robert G. Astorg    40,964   * 
Peter A. Converse    601,361   * 
Lawrence K. Doll    14,747   * 
Michael P. Fitzgerald    266,481   * 
Theodore J. Georgelas    47,379   * 
J. Paul McNamara    68,674   * 
Mark R. Nesselroad    76,182   * 
Mary K. Weddle    8,787   * 
Gary G. White    18,903   * 
P. Clinton Winter, Jr.    505,292   * 

Named Executive Officers:    
Richard M. Adams, Chief Executive Officer    915,715   1.13% 
Richard M. Adams, Jr.    139,840   0.17% 
Craige L. Smith    63,673   0.08% 
James J. Consagra, Jr.    112,063   0.14% 
W. Mark Tatterson    57,463   0.07% 

Directors and Executive Officers as a group (17 persons):    4,668,003   5.72% 
 
* Indicates the director owns less than 1% of United Bankshares’ issued and outstanding shares.
(1) Includes stock held by United Bank’s (WV) Trust Department which shares beneficial ownership as described in this footnote. The

following directors each exercise voting authority over the number of shares indicated as follows: Ms. Weddle, 7,787 shares and Mr.
Winter, 16,877 shares. United Bank’s (WV) Board of Directors exercises voting authority over 1,796,201 shares held by United
Bank’s (WV) Trust

 Department. All of these shares are included in the 4,668,003 shares held by all directors and executive
 

136

(1)

nd (2)

(3)

(4)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 148/233

Table of Contents

 
officers as a group. Also includes shares pledged as collateral as follows: Mr. Astorg, 19,400 shares; Mr. Converse, 190,000 shares;
Mr. Georgelas, 43,528 shares; and Mr. Winter, 112,412 shares.

(2) BlackRock, Inc. (BlackRock) is a global investment management firm that serves institutional and retail clients, including pension
funds, foundations, endowments, official institutions, insurance companies, subadvisory relationships, high net worth individuals,
family offices and private banks. BlackRock beneficially owns 12,143,669 or 14.98% of United’s common stock. BlackRock holds
sole dispositive authority for the 12,143,669 shares and sole voting authority over 11,988,528 shares. BlackRock’s address and
holdings are based solely on a Schedule 13G filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission dated January 11, 2017 made by
BlackRock setting forth information as of December 31, 2016. The Percentage of Class Beneficially owned is based on United
Bankshares’ outstanding shares as of February 1, 2017.

(3) The Vanguard Group (Vanguard) is one of the world’s largest investment management companies, serving individual investors,
institutions, employer-sponsored retirement plans, and financial professionals. Vanguard beneficially owns 6,791,277 or 8.38% of
United’s common stock. Of these beneficially-owned shares, Vanguard holds sole voting authority over 84,401 shares, shared voting
authority over 6,904 shares, sole dispositive authority over 6,703,910 shares, and shared dispositive authority over 87,367 shares.
Vanguard’s address and holdings are based solely on a Schedule 13G filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission dated
February 9, 2017 made by Vanguard setting forth information as of December 31, 2016. The Percentage of Class Beneficially owned
is based on United Bankshares’ outstanding shares as of February 1, 2017.

(4) State Street Corporation (State Street) is a global financial services provider that offers a flexible suite of services that spans the
investment spectrum, including investment management, research and trading, and investment servicing. State Street beneficially
owns 6,113,493 or 7.54% of United’s common stock. State Street holds shared voting and dispositive authority for these shares. State
Street’s address and holdings are based solely on a Schedule 13G filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission dated
February 6, 2017 made by State Street setting forth information as of December 31, 2016. The Percentage of Class Beneficially
owned is based on United Bankshares’ outstanding shares as of February 1, 2017.

 
137



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 149/233

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF CARDINAL

The following table sets forth certain information as of February 1, 2017, concerning the number and percentage of shares of
Cardinal common stock beneficially owned by each of Cardinal’s directors and named executive officers and by Cardinal’s directors and
executive officers as a group. In addition, the table includes information with respect to persons known to Cardinal who own or may be
deemed to own more than 5% of Cardinal common stock. Beneficial ownership includes shares, if any, held in the name of the spouse,
minor children or other relatives of the individual living in such person’s home, as well as shares, if any, held in the name of another
person under an arrangement whereby the director, or executive officer can vest title in himself or herself at once or at some future time.
Except as otherwise indicated, the named person possesses sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all such shares, and none
of such shares are pledged as security.
 

Name   

Common
Stock

Beneficially
Owned    

Exercisable Options
Included in

Common Stock
Beneficially Owned    

Percentage
of  Class  

B. G. Beck    165,644    26,350    * 
William G. Buck    211,250    10,000    * 
Bernard H. Clineburg    370,629    20,003    1.12% 
Sidney O. Dewberry    179,950    26,350    * 
Michael A. Garcia    80,418    26,350    * 
J. Hamilton Lambert    123,839    10,000    * 
Barbara B. Lang    17,724    15,000    * 
William J. Nassetta    12,894    10,000    * 
William E. Peterson    99,669    26,350    * 
Alice M. Starr    102,730    26,350    * 
Steven M. Wiltse    26,250    20,000    * 

Named Executive Officers       
Christopher W. Bergstrom    56,321    7,001    * 
Alice P. Frazier    116,204    91,332    * 
F. Kevin Reynolds    108,497    47,832    * 
Mark A. Wendel    54,939    29,166    * 
Current Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (15 persons)    1,726,958    392,084    5.16% 
 
* Percentage of ownership is less than one percent of the outstanding shares of Cardinal common stock.
(1) The business address of each named person is c/o Cardinal Financial Corporation, 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean,

Virginia 22102.
(2) The number of shares of Cardinal common stock shown in the table includes 71,034 shares held for certain directors and executive

officers in Cardinal’s 401(k) plan as of February 1, 2017.
(3) Certain of Cardinal’s directors and named executive officers participate in the company’s deferred income plans. As of February 1,

2017, the number of shares of Cardinal common stock deemed to be owned by certain directors and executive officers in such plans
total 528,468 and is not included in this column. The number of estimated shares in the deferred income plans for each director and
named executive officer is as follows: Beck, 49,539 shares; Buck, 76,425 shares; Clineburg, 59,665 shares; Dewberry, 53,850 shares;
Garcia, 66,131 shares; Lambert, 62,310 shares; Lang, 10,862 shares; Nassetta, 23,100 shares; Peterson, 18,534 shares; Starr, 44,090
shares; Wiltse, 21,365 shares; Bergstrom, 11,603 shares; Frazier, 11,697 shares; Reynolds, 12,241 shares; and Wendel, 7,056 shares.
Amounts are solely estimates for presentation purposes, as shares of Cardinal common stock are only payable upon a distribution
from the deferral plans.

(4) The number of shares of Cardinal common stock shown in this column includes shares that Cardinal directors and executive officers
have the right to acquire, or will obtain the right to acquire, through the exercise of stock options within 60 days following February
1, 2017.

 
138

(1) (2) (3) (4) (5)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 150/233

Table of Contents

(5) The number of Cardinal common shares outstanding used to calculate percentage of beneficial ownership as of February 1, 2017 was
33,072,769.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners

The following table sets forth information regarding the number of shares of Cardinal common stock beneficially owned by all
persons known by Cardinal who own five percent or more of its outstanding shares of common stock.
 

Name   Address   

Common Stock
Beneficially

Owned   Percentage of  Class
BlackRock, Inc.

  

55 East 52  Street
New York, NY 10055   

3,793,774
  

11.47%

Dimensional Fund
Advisors LP

  

Building One
6300 Bee Cave Road
Austin, Texas 78746   

1,690,115

  

5.11%

 
(1) The number of shares of Cardinal common stock outstanding used to calculate percentage of beneficial ownership as of February 1,

2017 is 33,072,769.
(2) In a Schedule 13G/A filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2017, BlackRock, Inc. reported beneficial

ownership of 3,793,774 shares of Cardinal common stock, with sole voting power over 3,168,426 shares of Cardinal common stock
and sole dispositive power with respect to 3,709,256 shares of Cardinal common stock, all as of December 31, 2016.

(3) In a Schedule 13G filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on February 9, 2017, Dimensional Fund Advisors LP reported
beneficial ownership of 1,690,115 shares of Cardinal common stock, with sole voting power over 1,592,051 shares of Cardinal
common stock and sole dispositive power with respect to 1,690,115 shares of Cardinal common stock, all as of December 31, 2016.

 
139

(1)

(2) nd

(3)



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 151/233

Table of Contents

LEGAL MATTERS

LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation, and Bowles Rice LLP will opine as to the qualification of the merger as a merger and the
tax treatment of the consideration paid in connection with the merger under the Code. Bowles Rice LLP will opine as to the legality of the
common stock of United Bankshares offered by this prospectus and joint proxy statement.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of United Bankshares appearing in United Bankshares’ Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the
year ended December 31, 2015, and the effectiveness of United Bankshares’ internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2015, have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their reports thereon,
included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements and United Bankshares management’s
assessment of the effectiveness of internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 are incorporated herein by reference
in reliance upon such reports given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements of Cardinal appearing in Cardinal’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2015, and the effectiveness of Cardinal’s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 have been
audited by KPMG LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their reports thereon, included therein, and
incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements and Cardinal management’s assessment of the effectiveness of
internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 are incorporated herein by reference in reliance upon such reports given
on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

The audit report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015, expresses an opinion that
Cardinal did not maintain effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2015 because of the effect of a material
weakness on the achievement of the objectives of the control criteria and contains an explanatory paragraph that states that management
identified deficiencies in the operating effectiveness of certain controls relating to the process of estimating the allowance for loan losses
that in aggregate were determined to be a material weakness.

CARDINAL ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the merger is completed, Cardinal will not have public shareholders and there will be no public participation in any future meeting
of shareholders. However, if the merger is not completed or if Cardinal is otherwise required to do so under applicable law, Cardinal will
hold a 2017 annual meeting of shareholders. Any shareholder nominations or proposals for other business intended to be presented at
Cardinal’s next annual meeting must be submitted to Cardinal as set forth below.

Any shareholder proposal intended for inclusion in Cardinal’s proxy statement and proxy card relating to its 2017 annual meeting of
shareholders must have been submitted in writing to the Corporate Secretary of Cardinal at 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean
Virginia 22102 no later than November 24, 2016, pursuant to the proxy solicitation regulations of the SEC. Nothing in this paragraph shall
be deemed to require Cardinal to include in its proxy statement and proxy card for such meeting any shareholder proposal that does not
meet the requirements of the SEC in effect at the time. Any such proposal will be subject to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended.

Cardinal’s bylaws also prescribe the procedures that a shareholder must follow to nominate directors or to bring other business before
shareholders’ meetings. Under the bylaws, notice of a proposed nomination or a
 

140



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 152/233

Table of Contents

shareholder proposal meeting certain specified requirements must be received by Cardinal not less than 60 nor more than 90 days prior to
any meeting of shareholders called for the election of directors, provided in each case that, if fewer than 70 days’ notice of the meeting is
given to shareholders, such written notice shall be received not later than the close of the 10  day following the day on which notice of the
meeting was mailed to shareholders. The date on which the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders of Cardinal would be expected to be held
is April 21, 2017. Accordingly, Cardinal must receive any notice of nomination or other business no later than February 20, 2017 and no
earlier than January 21, 2017.

UNITED BANKSHARES ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

Presently, the next annual meeting of United Bankshares shareholders is scheduled for May 25, 2017. Under the SEC rules, any
shareholder proposals to be presented at the 2017 annual meeting must be received at the principal office of United Bankshares no later
than December 5, 2016 for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy relating to the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders. If the
scheduled date for the 2017 annual meeting of shareholders is changed by more than 30 days, shareholders will be informed of the new
meeting date and the revised date by which shareholder proposals must be received. We strongly encourage any shareholder interested in
submitting a proposal to consult knowledgeable counsel with regard to the detailed requirements of applicable securities laws. Submitting
a proposal does not guarantee that United Bankshares will include it in its proxy statement.

In order to be considered for possible action by shareholders at the 2017 annual meeting, shareholder proposals not included in
United Bankshares’ proxy statement must be submitted to the principal office of United Bankshares by February 18, 2017, which is 45
calendar days before the one year anniversary of the date United Bankshares released the previous year’s annual proxy statement to its
shareholders. If notice is not provided by February 18, 2017, the proposal will be considered untimely and, if presented at the 2017 annual
meeting, the persons named in United Bankshares’ proxy for the 2017 annual meeting will be able to exercise discretionary authority to
vote on any such proposal to the extent authorized by Rule 14a-4(c) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All
shareholder proposals must comply with Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as well as United
Bankshares’ Restated Bylaws.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

United Bankshares filed with the SEC under the Securities Act the registration statement on Form S-4 to register the shares of United
Bankshares common stock to be issued to Cardinal shareholders in connection with the merger. The registration statement, including the
exhibits and schedules thereto, contains additional relevant information about United Bankshares and its common stock. The rules and
regulations of the SEC allow United Bankshares to omit certain information included in the registration statement from this prospectus and
joint proxy statement. This prospectus and joint proxy statement is part of the registration statement and is a prospectus of United
Bankshares in addition to being Cardinal’s and United Bankshares’ prospectus and joint proxy statement for each of their special meetings.

Both United Bankshares (File No. 0-13322) and Cardinal (File No. 0-24557) file reports, proxy statements and other information
with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. You may read and copy this information at the Public Reference Room of the
SEC at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by
calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an Internet web site that contains reports, proxy statements and other
information about issuers, like United Bankshares and Cardinal, that file electronically with the SEC. The address of that site is
http://www.sec.gov. United Bankshares and Cardinal also post its SEC filings on its web site. The website addresses are www.ubsi-wv.com
and www.cardinalbank.com, respectively. Information contained on the United Bankshares website or the Cardinal website is not
incorporated by reference into this prospectus and joint proxy
 

141

th



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 153/233

Table of Contents

statement, and you should not consider information contained in its website as part of this prospectus and joint proxy statement. You can
also inspect reports, proxy statements and other information that United Bankshares and Cardinal have filed with the SEC at the National
Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., 1735 K Street, Washington, D.C. 20096.

The SEC allows United Bankshares and Cardinal to “incorporate by reference” information into this prospectus and joint proxy
statement. This means that we can disclose important information to you by referring you to another document filed separately by United
Bankshares and Cardinal with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be a part of this prospectus and joint
proxy statement, except for any information that is superseded by information that is included directly in this prospectus and joint proxy
statement.

This prospectus and joint proxy statement incorporates by reference the documents listed below that United Bankshares has
previously filed with the SEC:
 

•      Annual Report on Form 10-K   Year ended December 31, 2015.

•      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q   Filed on May 9, 2016, August 9, 2016 and November 9, 2016.

•      Current Reports on Form 8-K
  

Filed on April 27, 2016, May 24, 2016, June 6, 2016, August 18,
2016, October 31, 2016 and December 21, 2016.

•      The description of United Bankshares common stock set
forth in United Bankshares’ registration statement on
Form 8-A filed pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange
Act and any amendment or report filed for the purpose of
updating those descriptions   

Filed on May 1, 1984.

This prospectus and joint proxy statement incorporates by reference the documents listed below that Cardinal has previously filed
with the SEC:
 

•      Annual Report on Form 10-K   Year ended December 31, 2015.

•      Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q   Filed on May 6, 2016, August 5, 2016 and November 7, 2016.

•      Current Reports on Form 8-K

  

Filed on January 26, 2016, February 11, 2016, April 4, 2016,
May 2, 2016, July 21, 2016, August 18, 2016, August 30, 2016,
October 20, 2016, December 22, 2016 and January 26, 2017.

United Bankshares and Cardinal also incorporate by reference additional documents that may be filed under Sections 13(a) and 15(d)
of the Securities Exchange Act with the SEC between the date of this prospectus and joint proxy statement and the date of Cardinal’s and
United Bankshares’ special meeting of shareholders or the termination of the merger agreement. These include periodic reports such as
Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K.
 

142



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 154/233

Table of Contents

You can obtain additional copies of the documents incorporated by reference in this prospectus and joint proxy statement free of
charge by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the following address:
 

United Bankshares, Inc.
514 Market Street

Parkersburg, West Virginia 26102
Attention: Jennie Singer

Telephone: (304) 424-8800
 

Georgeson LLC
1290 Avenue of the Americas

9th Floor
New York, New York 10104
Telephone: (800) 509-0984   

Cardinal Financial Corporation
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500

McLean, Virginia 22207
Attention: Jennifer L. Deacon

Telephone: (703) 584-3400
 

InvestorCom, Inc.
65 Locust Avenue, Suite 302

New Canaan, Connecticut 06840
Telephone: (877) 972-0090

If you would like to request any documents, please do so by Thursday, March 30, 2017, in order to receive them before the
shareholder meeting.

Neither United Bankshares nor Cardinal has authorized anyone to give any information or make any representation about
the merger or the companies that is different from, or in addition to, that contained in this prospectus and joint proxy statement or
in any of the materials that we have incorporated into this prospectus and joint proxy statement. Therefore, if anyone does give
you information of this sort, you should not rely on it. Information in this prospectus and joint proxy statement about United
Bankshares has been supplied by United Bankshares and information about Cardinal has been supplied by Cardinal. The
information contained in this prospectus and joint proxy statement speaks only as of the date of this prospectus and joint proxy
statement unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies.

The representations, warranties and covenants described in this document and included in the merger agreement were made only for
purposes of the merger agreement and as of specific dates, are solely for the benefit of United Bankshares and Cardinal, may be subject to
limitations, qualifications or exceptions agreed upon by the parties, including those included in confidential disclosures made for the
purposes of, among other things, allocating contractual risk between United Bankshares and Cardinal rather than establishing matters as
facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality that differ from those standards relevant to investors. You should not rely on the
representations, warranties or covenants or any description thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of United
Bankshares, Cardinal or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the
representations, warranties and covenants may change after the date of the merger agreement, which subsequent information may or may
not be fully reflected in public disclosures by United Bankshares or Cardinal. The representations and warranties and other provisions of
the merger agreement should not be read alone, but instead should be read only in conjunction with the information provided elsewhere in
this prospectus and joint proxy statement and in the documents incorporated by reference into this prospectus and joint proxy statement.
See “Where You Can Find More Information” on page 141.
 

143



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 155/233

Table of Contents

Appendix A
 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION

dated as of August 17, 2016

by and among

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC.,

UBV HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

and

CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION

 
 



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 156/233

Table of Contents

Table of Contents
 
   Page  
ARTICLE I     Certain Definitions    A-1 

1.01     Certain Definitions    A-1 
ARTICLE II     The Merger    A-7 

2.01     The Merger    A-7 
2.02     Effective Date and Effective Time    A-7 
2.03     Tax Consequences    A-8 

ARTICLE III     The Bank Merger    A-8 
3.01     The Bank Merger    A-8 
3.02     Effective Date and Effective Time    A-8 

ARTICLE IV     Consideration; Exchange Procedures    A-8 
4.01     Merger Consideration    A-8 
4.02     Rights as Stockholders; Stock Transfers    A-9 
4.03     Fractional Shares    A-9 
4.04     Exchange Procedures    A-9 
4.05     Anti-Dilution Provisions    A-10 
4.06     Equity-Based Awards    A-10 
4.07     Withholding Rights    A-11 

ARTICLE V     Actions Pending the Effective Time    A-11 
5.01     Forbearances of Cardinal    A-11 
5.02     Forbearances of United    A-13 

ARTICLE VI     Representations and Warranties    A-14 
6.01     Disclosure Schedules    A-14 
6.02     Standard    A-14 
6.03     Representations and Warranties of Cardinal    A-14 
6.04     Representations and Warranties of United    A-23 

ARTICLE VII     Covenants    A-32 
7.01     Reasonable Best Efforts    A-32 
7.02     Stockholder Approvals    A-32 
7.03     Registration Statement    A-33 
7.04     Access; Information    A-33 
7.05     Acquisition Proposals    A-34 
7.06     Takeover Laws    A-35 
7.07     Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b)    A-35 
7.08     Regulatory Applications    A-35 
7.09     Indemnification    A-36 
7.10     Benefit Plans    A-37 
7.11     Notification of Certain Matters    A-38 
7.12     Directors    A-39 
7.13     Compliance with Laws    A-39 
7.14     Operating Functions    A-39 
7.15     Assumption of TRUPs    A-39 

ARTICLE VIII     Conditions to Consummation of the Merger    A-39 
8.01     Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger    A-39 
8.02     Conditions to Obligation of Cardinal    A-40 
8.03     Conditions to Obligation of United    A-40 

 
A-i



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 157/233

Table of Contents

   Page  
ARTICLE IX     Termination    A-41 

9.01     Termination    A-41 
9.02     Effect of Termination and Abandonment    A-43 
9.03     Fees and Expenses    A-43 

ARTICLE X     Miscellaneous    A-44 
10.01   Survival    A-44 
10.02   Waiver; Amendment    A-44 
10.03   Assignment    A-45 
10.04   Counterparts    A-45 
10.05   Governing Law    A-45 
10.06   Expenses    A-45 
10.07   Notices    A-45 
10.08   Entire Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries    A-46 
10.09   Severability    A-46 
10.10   Disclosures    A-46 
10.11   Interpretation; Effect    A-46 
10.12   Publicity    A-47 

Exhibit A    Plan of Merger merging Cardinal with and into Merger Sub     
Exhibit B    Bank Merger Agreement   
Exhibit C    Plan of Merger merging Cardinal Bank with and into United Bank   
Exhibit D    Form of Cardinal Support Agreement   
 

A-ii



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 158/233

Table of Contents

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF REORGANIZATION, dated as of August 17, 2016 (this “Agreement”), by and among
CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION (“Cardinal”), UNITED BANKSHARES, INC. (“United”) and UBV HOLDING
COMPANY, LLC (“Merger Sub”).

RECITALS

A. Cardinal. Cardinal is a Virginia corporation, having its principal place of business in McLean, Virginia.

B. United. United is a West Virginia corporation, having its principal place of business in Charleston, West Virginia.

C. Merger Sub. Merger Sub is a Virginia limited liability company, having its principal place of business in Fairfax, Virginia.

D. Intentions of the Parties. It is the intention of the parties to this Agreement that the business combination contemplated hereby be
treated as a “reorganization” under Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and this Agreement is
intended to be adopted as a “plan of reorganization” for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.

E. Board Action. The respective Boards of Directors of each of United and Cardinal have determined that it is in the best interests of
their respective companies and their stockholders to consummate the strategic business combination transaction provided for herein.

F. Support Agreements. Each of the directors of Cardinal and Cardinal Bank in office and who owns shares of Cardinal Common
Stock as of the date of this Agreement has, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, entered into a Support Agreement in
substantially the form attached hereto as Exhibit D.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants, representations, warranties and agreements
contained herein the parties agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

Certain Definitions

1.01 Certain Definitions. The following terms are used in this Agreement with the meanings set forth below:

“Acquisition Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(a).

“Acquisition Proposal” means any tender or exchange offer, proposal for a merger, consolidation or other business combination
involving Cardinal or any of its Significant Subsidiaries or any proposal or offer to acquire equity interests representing 24.99% or more of
the voting power of, or at least 24.99% of the assets or deposits of, Cardinal or any of its Significant Subsidiaries, other than the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

“Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“ALLL” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(w).

“Average Closing Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.03.
 

A-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 159/233

Table of Contents

“Bank Merger” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.01(a).

“Bank Merger Agreement” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger of Cardinal Bank with and into United Bank, attached as
Exhibit B.

“Bank Merger Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.02.

“Book-Entry Shares” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.04.

“Cardinal” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“Cardinal Bank” means Cardinal Bank, a commercial bank chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia and a
wholly owned direct subsidiary of Cardinal.

“Cardinal Board” means the Board of Directors of Cardinal.

“Cardinal Bylaws” means the Bylaws of Cardinal, as amended.

“Cardinal Certificate” means the Articles of Incorporation of Cardinal, as amended.

“Cardinal Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Cardinal.

“Cardinal Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(a).

“Cardinal Loans” means any written loan, loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement (including leases, credit
enhancements, guarantees and interest bearing assets) to which Cardinal Bank is party as a creditor.

“Cardinal Meeting” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(a).

“Cardinal Series A Preferred Stock” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(b).

“Cardinal Series B Preferred Stock” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(b).

“Cardinal Stock Award” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06(b).

“Cardinal Stock Option” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06(a).

“Cardinal Stock Plans” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06(a).

“Cardinal’s SEC Documents” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(g)(i).

“Code” has the meaning set forth in the recitals.

“Community Reinvestment Act” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(j)(vi).

“Compensation and Benefit Plans” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(i).

“Confidentiality Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.04(d).

“Consultants” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m).

“Costs” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.09(a).
 

A-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 160/233

Table of Contents

“Deferred Compensation Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(xi).

“Determination Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Determination Date Average Closing Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Directors” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(i).

“Disclosure Schedule” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01.

“DOL” means the United States Department of Labor.

“Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

“Effective Time” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.02.

“Employees” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(i).

“Environmental Laws” means all applicable local, state and federal environmental, health and safety laws and regulations,
including, without limitation, the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation,
and Liability Act, the Clean Water Act, the Federal Clean Air Act, and the Occupational Safety and Health Act, each as amended,
regulations promulgated thereunder, and state counterparts.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

“ERISA Affiliate” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(iii).

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

“Exchange Agent” means Computershare Limited.

“Exchange Fund” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.04(a).

“Exchange Ratio” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(a).

“Federal Reserve Board” means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

“Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

“FDIA” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(j)(vi).

“Final Index Price” has the meaning set forth in 9.01(i).

“GAAP” means United States generally accepted accounting principles as in effect from time to time, consistently applied.

“Governmental Authority” means any court, administrative agency or commission or other federal, state or local governmental
authority or instrumentality.

“IRS” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(ii).
 

A-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 161/233

Table of Contents

“Indemnified Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.09(a).

“Index Group” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Index Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Index Ratio” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i)(ii)

“Insurance Amount” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.09(c).

“law” means any code, law (including common law), ordinance, regulation, reporting or licensing requirement, rule, or statute
applicable to a Person, its assets, liabilities or business, including those promulgated, interpreted or enforced by any Governmental
Authority.

“Lien” means any charge, mortgage, pledge, security interest, restriction, claim, lien, or encumbrance.

“Material Adverse Effect” means, with respect to United or Cardinal, any event, change, effect, development, state of facts,
condition, circumstances or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate, (i) is material and adverse to the financial position, results of
operations or business of United and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole or Cardinal and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, respectively, or
(ii) would materially impair the ability of either United or Cardinal to perform its respective obligations under this Agreement or otherwise
materially threaten or materially impede the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
provided, that Material Adverse Effect shall not include the impact of (a) changes in tax, banking and similar laws of general applicability
or interpretations thereof by courts or Governmental Authorities except to the extent that such changes have a disproportionate impact on
United or Cardinal, as the case may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking industry, (b) changes in GAAP or regulatory
accounting requirements applicable to banks and their holding companies generally, except to the extent that such changes have a
disproportionate impact on United or Cardinal, as the case may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking industry, (c) changes in
economic conditions affecting financial institutions generally, including changes in market interest rates, credit availability and liquidity,
and price levels or trading volumes in securities markets except to the extent that such changes have a disproportionate impact on United
or Cardinal, as the case may be, relative to the overall effects on the banking industry, (d) any modifications or changes to valuation
policies and practices in connection with the Merger in accordance with GAAP, (e) actions and omissions of United or Cardinal taken with
the prior written consent of the other in contemplation of the transactions contemplated hereby, (f) any outbreak or escalation of hostilities
or war (whether or not declared) or any act of terrorism, or any earthquakes, hurricanes, tornados or other natural disasters, (g) failure of
United or Cardinal to meet any internal financial forecasts or any earnings projections (whether made by United or Cardinal or any other
Person), (h) the public disclosure of this Agreement and the impact thereof on relationships with customers or employees, or (i) the effects
of compliance with this Agreement on the operating performance of the parties, including, expenses incurred by the parties in
consummating the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

“Material Burdensome Regulatory Condition” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.08(a).

“Merger” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).

“Merger Consideration” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.01(a).

“Merger Sub” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement. Merger Sub is treated as a disregarded entity for
income tax purposes.

“NASDAQ” means as The NASDAQ Stock Market, Inc.’s Global Select Market.

“Old Certificates” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.04(a).
 

A-4



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 162/233

Table of Contents

“PBGC” means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation.

“Pension Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(ii).

“Permitted Liens” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(x).

“Person” means any individual, bank, corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association, joint-stock company,
business trust or unincorporated organization.

“Plan of Merger” means the Plan of Merger in the form hereof attached as Exhibit A.

“Previously Disclosed” by a party shall mean information set forth in its Disclosure Schedule or in its SEC Documents.

“Proxy Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(a).

“Registration Statement” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.03(a).

“Regulatory Authority” and “Regulatory Authorities” each has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(i)(i).

“Regulatory Communication” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.08(a).

“Replacement Option” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.06.

“Rights” means, with respect to any Person, securities, agreements, plans (including any employee stock purchase plans,
dividend reinvestment plans or other equity plans) or obligations convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for, or giving any Person
any right to subscribe for or acquire, or any options, calls or commitments relating to, or any stock appreciation right or other instrument
the value of which is determined in whole or in part by reference to the market price or value of, shares of capital stock of such Person.

“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

“SEC Documents” means any registration statement, prospectus, report, schedule and definitive proxy statement and other
documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by United or Cardinal or any of their Subsidiaries pursuant to the Securities Act or Exchange
Act.

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder.

“SERP” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(m)(xi).

“Starting Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Starting Price” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i).

“Subsidiary” and “Significant Subsidiary” have the meanings ascribed to them in Rule 1-02 Section 210.1-(2)(w) of Regulation
S-X of the SEC.

“Superior Proposal” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(h).

“Surviving Entity” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.01(a).

“Takeover Laws” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.03(o).
 

A-5



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 163/233

Table of Contents

“Tax” and “Taxes” means all federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, fees, levies or other assessments, however
denominated, including, without limitation, all net income, gross income, gains, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, goods and services,
capital, production, transfer, franchise, windfall profits, license, withholding, payroll, employment, disability, employer health, excise,
estimated, severance, stamp, occupation, property, environmental, unemployment or other taxes, custom duties, fees, assessments or
charges of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest and any penalties, additions to tax or additional amounts imposed by any
Governmental Authority.

“Tax Returns” means any return, amended return or other report (including elections, declarations, disclosures, schedules,
estimates and information returns) required to be filed with respect to any Tax.

“United” has the meaning set forth in the preamble to this Agreement.

“United Bank” means United Bank, a commercial bank chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

“United Board” means the Board of Directors of United.

“United Book-Entry Shares” has the meaning set forth in Section 4.04(a).

“United Bylaws” means the Bylaws of United, as amended.

“United Certificate” means the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of United.

“United Certificate Amendment” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(e).

“United Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $2.50 per share, of United.

“United Compensation and Benefit Plans” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(i).

“United Consultants” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(i).

“United Directors” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(i).

“United Employees” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(i).

“United ERISA Affiliate” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(iii).

“United ERISA Affiliate Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(iii).

“United Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.03(b).

“United Loans” means any written loan, loan agreement, note or borrowing arrangement (including leases, credit
enhancements, guarantees and interest bearing assets) to which United Bank or United Bank, Inc. is party as a creditor.

“United Meeting” has the meaning set forth in Section 7.02(b).

“United Pension Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(l)(ii).

“United Preferred Stock” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(b).

“United Ratio” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01(i)(i).
 

A-6



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 164/233

Table of Contents

“United’s SEC Documents” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.04(g).

“VBFI” means the Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions.

“VLLCA” means the Virginia Limited Liability Company Act, as amended.

“VSCA” means the Virginia Stock Corporation Act, as amended.

“VSCC” means the State Corporation Commission of the Commonwealth of Virginia.

“WVBCA” means the West Virginia Business Corporation Act, as amended.

ARTICLE II

The Merger

2.01 The Merger.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth, including the Plan of Merger substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit A, at the Effective Time, Cardinal shall merge with and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”), the separate corporate existence of
Cardinal shall cease and Merger Sub shall survive and continue to exist as a Virginia limited liability company (Merger Sub, as the
surviving entity in the Merger, sometimes being referred to herein as the “Surviving Entity”). United may at any time prior to the Effective
Time change the method of effecting the combination with Cardinal (including, without limitation, the provisions of this Article II) if and
to the extent it deems such change to be necessary, appropriate or desirable; provided, that no such change shall (i) alter or change the
amount or kind of Merger Consideration, (ii) adversely affect the tax-free treatment of the Merger to Cardinal’s stockholders as a result of
receiving the Merger Consideration or (iii) materially impede or delay consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and provided, further, that United shall provide Cardinal prior written notice of such change and the reasons therefor.

(b) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, the Merger shall become effective upon (i)
the filing with the VSCC of articles of merger in accordance with Section 13.1-720 of the VSCA and Section 13.1-1070 of the VLLCA,
and the issuance by the VSCC of a certificate of merger relating to the Merger or (ii) effective upon such later date and time as may be set
forth in such articles of merger. The Merger shall have the effects prescribed in the VSCA and the VLLCA.

(c) The articles of organization and the operating agreement of Merger Sub, each as in effect immediately prior to the Effective
Time, shall be the articles of organization and operating agreement of the Surviving Entity until thereafter amended in accordance with
applicable law.

2.02 Effective Date and Effective Time. Provided that the conditions set forth in Article VIII shall have been satisfied or waived in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement, other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing of the
Merger, the parties shall cause the effective date of the Merger (the “Effective Date”) to occur on the date on which Cardinal’s data
processing systems are fully integrated with United’s data processing systems; provided, that if such date shall not have occurred by May
31, 2017, then the parties shall cause the Effective Date of the Merger to occur on the sooner of (i) five business days thereafter if all of the
conditions set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived as of such date or (ii) five business days following the satisfaction or
waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII; and provided, further, that, if Cardinal has declared a dividend in any quarter, to be paid
in such quarter in which all conditions set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied or waived, then the Effective Date shall be the day
immediately after the record date for the dividend declared by United in such quarter (or, at the election of United, on the last business day
of the month in which such day occurs), unless another date is agreed to by Cardinal and United in writing. The time on the Effective Date
when the Merger shall become effective is referred to as the “Effective Time.”
 

A-7



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 165/233

Table of Contents

2.03 Tax Consequences. It is intended that the Merger shall constitute a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code, and that this Agreement shall constitute a “plan of reorganization” for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code.

ARTICLE III

The Bank Merger

3.01 The Bank Merger.

(a) After the Effective Time, Cardinal Bank, the wholly owned subsidiary of Cardinal, shall merge with and into United Bank, a
wholly owned subsidiary of Merger Sub (and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of United for income tax purposes) (the “Bank Merger”),
pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Bank Merger Agreement including the Plan of Merger substantially in the form attached as
Exhibit C, the separate existence of Cardinal Bank shall cease and United Bank shall survive and continue to exist as a banking
corporation chartered under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia. United may at any time prior to the Effective Time, change the
method of effecting the combination with Cardinal Bank (including, without limitation, the provisions of this Article III) if and to the
extent it deems such changes necessary, appropriate or desirable; provided, however, that no such change shall (i) alter or change the
amount or kind of Merger Consideration, (ii) adversely affect the ability of the Merger to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code to Cardinal’s stockholders as a result of receiving the Merger Consideration or (iii) materially impede or
delay consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement; and provided, further, that United shall provide Cardinal with
seven days prior written notice of such change and the reasons therefor.

(b) Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, the Bank Merger shall become effective upon
the filing with the VSCC articles of merger in accordance with Section 13.1-720 of the VSCA, and the issuance by the VSCC of a
certificate of merger relating to the Bank Merger, or such later date and time as may be set forth in such articles of merger. The Bank
Merger shall have the effects prescribed in the VSCA.

3.02 Effective Date and Effective Time. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VIII, it being
agreed that any required consents, approvals, and authorizations from any Governmental Authorities to effect the Bank Merger shall not be
a condition to the consummation of the Merger, the parties shall use reasonable efforts to cause the effective date of the Bank Merger (the
“Bank Merger Effective Date”) to occur as soon as reasonably practicable after the Effective Date or such later date to which the parties
may agree in writing.

ARTICLE IV

Consideration; Exchange Procedures

4.01 Merger Consideration. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, automatically by virtue of the Merger
and without any action on the part of any Person:

(a) Merger Consideration. Each holder of a share of Cardinal Common Stock (other than United and its Subsidiaries, in each
case except for shares held by them in a fiduciary capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted) shall receive in respect thereof,
subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, 0.71 shares (“Exchange Ratio”) of United Common Stock (the “Merger
Consideration”).

(b) Outstanding United Stock. Each share of United Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall remain issued and outstanding and unaffected by the Merger.
 

A-8



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 166/233

Table of Contents

(c) Merger Sub Equity Interests. Each equity interest of Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall
remain outstanding and unaffected by the Merger, and no consideration shall be issued in exchange therefor.

4.02 Rights as Stockholders; Stock Transfers. At the Effective Time, holders of Cardinal Common Stock shall cease to be, and shall
have no rights as, stockholders of Cardinal, other than to receive the Merger Consideration (if so provided in Section 4.01(a)) and any
dividend or other distribution with respect to such Cardinal Common Stock with a record date occurring prior to the Effective Time and
the consideration provided under this Article IV. After the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers on the stock transfer books of
Cardinal or the Surviving Entity of shares of Cardinal Common Stock.

4.03 Fractional Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision hereof, no fractional shares of United Common Stock and no
certificates or scrip therefore, or other evidence of ownership thereof, will be issued in the Merger; instead, United shall pay to each holder
of Cardinal Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to a fractional share of United Common Stock (after taking into account all
Old Certificates registered in the name of such holder or Book-Entry Shares held by such holder) an amount in cash (without interest)
determined by multiplying such fraction by the average of the daily closing prices for the shares of United Common Stock for the 20
consecutive full trading days on which such shares are actually traded on the NASDAQ (as reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not
reported thereby, any other authoritative source) ending at the close of trading on the tenth trading day immediately preceding the
Effective Date (such average, the “Average Closing Price”).

4.04 Exchange Procedures.

(a) At or prior to the Effective Time, United shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent, for the
benefit of the holders of certificates formerly representing shares of Cardinal Common Stock (“Old Certificates”) and holders of non-
certificated shares of Cardinal Common Stock (“Book-Entry Shares”), for exchange in accordance with this Article IV, (i) non-certificated
shares of United Common Stock (collectively, “United Book-Entry Shares”) and (ii) an amount of cash necessary for payments required by
Section 4.03 (the “Exchange Fund”). The Exchange Fund will be distributed in accordance with the Exchange Agent’s normal and
customary procedures established in connection with merger transactions.

(b) As soon as practicable after the Effective Time, and in no event later than five business days thereafter, the Exchange Agent
shall mail to each holder of record of one or more Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that
delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares shall pass, only upon delivery of the Old
Certificates or Book-Entry Shares to the Exchange Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Old Certificates or
Book-Entry Shares in exchange for United Book-Entry Shares, if any, that the holders of the Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares are
entitled to receive pursuant to Article IV, any cash in lieu of fractional shares into which the shares of Cardinal Common Stock represented
by the Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares shall have been converted pursuant to this Agreement. Upon proper surrender of an Old
Certificate or Book-Entry Shares for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent, together with such properly completed letter of
transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (i) a
New Certificate representing that number of whole shares of United Common Stock that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to
Article IV, if any, and (ii) a check representing the amount of any cash in lieu of fractional shares which such holder has the right to
receive in respect of the Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares surrendered pursuant to the provisions of this Article IV, and the Old
Certificates or Book-Entry Shares so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled.

(c) Neither the Exchange Agent, if any, nor any party hereto shall be liable to any former holder of Cardinal Common Stock for
any amount properly delivered to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

(d) No dividends or other distributions with respect to United Common Stock with a record date occurring after the Effective
Time shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Old Certificate or Book-Entry
 

A-9



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 167/233

Table of Contents

Shares representing shares of Cardinal Common Stock converted in the Merger into the right to receive shares of such United Common
Stock until the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive United Book-Entry Shares in exchange therefore in accordance with the
procedures set forth in this Section 4.04. After becoming so entitled in accordance with this Section 4.04, the record holder thereof also
shall be entitled to receive any such dividends or other distributions by the Exchange Agent, without any interest thereon, which
theretofore had become payable with respect to shares of United Common Stock such holder had the right to receive upon surrender of the
Old Certificates or Book-Entry Shares.

(e) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains unclaimed by the stockholders of Cardinal on the business day after the
one-year anniversary of the Effective Date shall be paid to United. Any stockholders of Cardinal who have not theretofore complied with
this Article IV shall thereafter look only to United for payment of the Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional shares and
unpaid dividends and distributions on United Common Stock deliverable in respect of each share of Cardinal Common Stock such
stockholder holds as determined pursuant to this Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon.

4.05 Anti-Dilution Provisions. In the event United changes (or establishes a record date for changing) the number of shares of
United Common Stock issued and outstanding prior to the Effective Date as a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend,
reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the outstanding United Common Stock and the record date therefor
shall be prior to the Effective Date, or shall establish a record date prior to the Effective Date with respect to any dividend or other
distribution in respect of the United Common Stock other than a cash dividend consistent with past practice, the Exchange Ratio shall be
proportionately adjusted to provide the holders of Cardinal Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement
prior to such event.

4.06 Equity-Based Awards.

(a) At the Effective Time, each outstanding option (each, a “Cardinal Stock Option”) to purchase shares of Cardinal Common
Stock, whether vested or unvested, under any and all plans of Cardinal under which stock options have been granted (collectively, the
“Cardinal Stock Plans”) shall vest pursuant to the terms thereof shall be converted into an option (each, a “Replacement Option”) to
acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Cardinal Stock Option, the number of shares of United Common
Stock equal to (a) the number of shares of Cardinal Common Stock subject to the Cardinal Stock Option multiplied by (b) the Exchange
Ratio. Such product shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share (rounded up to the next whole cent)
of each Replacement Option shall equal (y) the exercise price per share of shares of Cardinal Common Stock that were purchasable
pursuant to such Cardinal Stock Option divided by (z) the Exchange Ratio. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Cardinal Stock Option
that is intended to be an “incentive stock option” (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) shall be adjusted in accordance with the
requirements of Section 424 of the Code and all other options shall be adjusted in a manner that maintains the options exemption from
Section 409A of the Code. At or prior to the Effective Time, Cardinal shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary consents
from optionees with respect to the Cardinal Stock Plans to permit replacement of the outstanding Cardinal Stock Options by United
pursuant to this Section and to permit United to assume the Cardinal Stock Plans. Cardinal shall further take all action necessary to amend
the Cardinal Stock Plans to eliminate automatic grants or awards thereunder following the Effective Time. At the Effective Time, United
shall assume the Cardinal Stock Plans; provided that such assumption shall only be with respect to the Replacement Options and shall
have no obligation to make any additional grants or awards under the Cardinal Stock Plans other than those grants or awards that have
been made or accrued prior to the Effective Time. United shall file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or an
effective registration statement on Form S-8 (or other applicable form) with respect to the shares of United Common Stock subject to such
Replacement Options, shall distribute a prospectus relating to such Form S-8, if applicable, and shall use reasonable commercial efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or registration statement on Form S-8 for so long as such Replacement Options
remain outstanding.

(b) At the Effective Time, each restricted stock award granted under a Cardinal Stock Plan (each, a “Cardinal Stock Award”)
that is unvested or contingent and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
 

A-10



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 168/233

Table of Contents

shall fully vest and shall be converted into the right to receive, without interest, the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to Section
4.01, and the shares of Cardinal Common Stock subject to such Cardinal Stock Award will be treated in the same manner as all other
shares of Cardinal Common Stock for such purposes.

4.07 Withholding Rights. United or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be, will be entitled to deduct and withhold from the
consideration otherwise payable pursuant to this Agreement to any Person such amounts, if any, as it is required to deduct and withhold
with respect to the making of such payment under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign Tax law. To the extent that amounts
are so withheld and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Authority by or on behalf of United or the Exchange Agent, as the case may
be, such amounts withheld will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to such Person in respect of which such
deduction and withholding was made by United or the Exchange Agent, as the case may be.

ARTICLE V

Actions Pending the Effective Time

5.01 Forbearances of Cardinal. From the date hereof until the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement
or Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of United (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned), Cardinal will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:

(a) Ordinary Course. Conduct the business of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary and usual course, fail to
use reasonable efforts to preserve intact their business organizations and assets and maintain their rights, franchises and existing relations
with customers, suppliers, employees and business associates, make any individual capital expenditure in excess of $200,000 or take any
action reasonably likely to have an adverse effect upon Cardinal’s ability to perform any of its material obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Capital Stock. Other than pursuant to Rights Previously Disclosed and outstanding on the date hereof, (i) issue, sell or
otherwise permit to become outstanding, or authorize the creation of, any additional shares of Cardinal Common Stock or any Rights,
(ii) enter into any agreement with respect to the foregoing, or (iii) permit any additional shares of Cardinal Common Stock to become
subject to new grants of employee or director stock options, other Rights or similar stock-based employee rights; provided that none of the
foregoing shall restrict Cardinal from making equity compensation awards and issuing shares of Cardinal Common Stock, rights,
employee or director stock options, or similar equity compensation awards under the Cardinal Stock Plans in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice; and provided, further, that any such awards will not exceed the amounts set forth in Section 5.01(b)
of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule.

(c) Dividends, Etc. Except as Previously Disclosed (i) make, declare, pay or set aside for payment any dividend (other than
quarterly cash dividends at a rate not to exceed $0.12 per share on Cardinal Common Stock and dividends from wholly-owned
Subsidiaries to Cardinal or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of Cardinal) on or in respect of, or declare or make any distribution on any
shares of Cardinal Common Stock or (ii) directly or indirectly adjust, split, combine, redeem, reclassify, purchase or otherwise acquire,
any shares of its capital stock; provided that none of the foregoing shall restrict Cardinal from acquiring shares of its capital stock pursuant
to the surrender of any such shares in payment of an exercise price or in satisfaction of a Tax withholding obligation, or pursuant to similar
transactions, in connection with (x) the exercise of Cardinal Stock Options and other Rights Previously Disclosed, and (y) vesting of
restricted shares of Cardinal Common Stock.

(d) Compensation; Employment Agreements; Etc. (i) Enter into or amend or renew any employment, consulting, compensation,
severance or similar agreements or arrangements with any director, officer or employee of Cardinal or its Subsidiaries, except as
Previously Disclosed, or (ii) grant any salary or wage increase or increase any employee benefit, except (A) Cardinal may award normal
individual increases in compensation to
 

A-11



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 169/233

Table of Contents

employees in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (B) Cardinal may make individual cash bonus awards for 2016
performance in accordance with Cardinal’s short term and long term incentive plans in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, and (C) Cardinal will establish a retention bonus pool equal to $1,250,000 in the aggregate that will be dedicated to certain
employees of Cardinal designated by officers of Cardinal, after consultation with United, for purposes of retaining such employees prior to
and after the Effective Time; provided that, with respect to executive officers of Cardinal and Cardinal Bank, any increase in compensation
contemplated by Section 5.01(d)(ii)(A) and any individual cash bonus awards contemplated by Section 5.01(d)(ii)(B) will not exceed the
amounts set forth in Sections 5.01(d)(ii)(A) and 5.01(d)(ii)(B), respectively, of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule.

(e) Benefit Plans. Enter into, establish, adopt or amend (except (i) as may be required by applicable law or (ii) to satisfy
Previously Disclosed contractual obligations existing as of the date hereof) any pension, retirement, stock option, stock purchase, savings,
profit sharing, deferred compensation, consulting, bonus, group insurance or other employee benefit, incentive or welfare contract, plan or
arrangement, or any trust agreement (or similar arrangement) related thereto, in respect of any director, officer or employee of Cardinal or
its Subsidiaries, or take any action to accelerate the vesting or exercisability of stock options, restricted stock or other compensation or
benefits payable thereunder.

(f) Dispositions. Sell, transfer, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of or discontinue any of its assets, deposits, business
or properties except in the ordinary course of business and in a transaction that is not material to it and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

(g) Acquisitions. Except in the ordinary course of its business, acquire (other than by way of foreclosures or acquisitions of
control in a bona fide fiduciary capacity or in satisfaction of debts previously contracted in good faith, in each case in the ordinary and
usual course of business consistent with past practice) all or any portion of, the assets, business, deposits or properties of any other entity.

(h) Governing Documents. Amend the Cardinal Certificate, Cardinal Bylaws or the articles of incorporation or bylaws (or
similar governing documents) of any of Cardinal’s Subsidiaries.

(i) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may be
required by GAAP or its Regulatory Authorities.

(j) Contracts. Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, enter into or terminate any material
contract (as defined in Section 6.03(k)) or amend or modify any of its existing material contracts in a manner that is material to Cardinal
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole.

(k) Claims. Except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, settle any claim, action or proceeding,
except for any claim, action or proceeding that does not involve precedent for other material claims, actions or proceedings and that
involve solely money damages in an amount, individually or in the aggregate for all such settlements, that is not material to Cardinal and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

(l) Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as
a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code; or (ii) knowingly take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely
to result in (1) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VIII not being satisfied or (2) a material violation of any provision of
this Agreement except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.

(m) Risk Management. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, or by formal or informal agreements entered into
with Regulatory Authorities, (i) implement or adopt any material change in its interest rate and other risk management policies, procedures
or practices, (ii) fail to materially follow its existing policies or practices with respect to managing its exposure to interest rate and other
risk, or (iii) fail to use commercially reasonable means to avoid any material increase in its aggregate exposure to interest rate risk.
 

A-12



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 170/233

Table of Contents

(n) Indebtedness. Incur any indebtedness for borrowed money other than in the ordinary course of business.

(o) Subsidiaries. Organize or approve the organization of any Subsidiaries.

(p) Commitments. Agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.

5.02 Forbearances of United. From the date hereof until the Effective Time, except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or
Previously Disclosed, without the prior written consent of Cardinal (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned), United will not, and will cause each of its Subsidiaries not to:

(a) Ordinary Course. Conduct the business of United and its Subsidiaries other than in the ordinary and usual course or fail to
use reasonable efforts to preserve intact their business organizations and assets and maintain their rights, franchises and existing relations
with customers, suppliers, employees and business associates, or take any action reasonably likely to have an adverse effect upon United’s
ability to perform any of its material obligations under this Agreement.

(b) Risk Management. Except as required by applicable law or regulation, (i) implement or adopt any material change in its
interest rate and other risk management policies, procedures or practices, (ii) fail to materially follow its existing policies or practices with
respect to managing its exposure to interest rate and other risk, or (iii) fail to use commercially reasonable means to avoid any material
increase in its aggregate exposure to interest rate risk.

(c) Accounting Methods. Implement or adopt any change in its accounting principles, practices or methods, other than as may
be required by GAAP or its Regulatory Authorities.

(d) Dividends. Make, declare, pay or set aside for payment any extraordinary dividend, other than in connection with the United
Stock Repurchase Program; provided that the foregoing restriction shall not restrict United from making, declaring or paying its regular
quarterly cash dividends and dividends from wholly-owned Subsidiaries to United or another wholly-owned Subsidiary of United (which,
for the avoidance of doubt, will continue to be paid).

(e) Adverse Actions. (i) Take any action that would, or is reasonably likely to, prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as
a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code; or (ii) knowingly take any action that is intended or is reasonably likely
to result in (1) any of the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VIII not being satisfied or (2) a material violation of any provision of
this Agreement except, in each case, as may be required by applicable law or regulation.

(f) Transactions Involving United. Enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to the merger,
acquisition, consolidation, share exchange or similar business combination involving United and/or a United Subsidiary, where the effect
of such agreement, arrangement or understanding, or the consummation or effectuation thereof, would be reasonably likely to or does
result in the termination of this Agreement, materially delay or jeopardize the receipt of the approval of any Regulatory Authority or the
filing of an application therefor, or cause the anticipated tax treatment of the transactions contemplated hereby to be unavailable; provided,
that nothing herein shall prohibit any such transaction that by its terms contemplates the consummation of the Merger in accordance with
the provisions of this Agreement and which treats holders of Cardinal Common Stock, upon completion of the Merger and their receipt of
United Common Stock, in the same manner as the holders of United Common Stock.

(g) Governing Documents. Amend its articles of incorporation or bylaws in a manner that would materially and adversely affect
the benefits of the Merger to the stockholders of Cardinal.

(h) Commitments. Agree or commit to do any of the foregoing.
 

A-13



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 171/233

Table of Contents

ARTICLE VI

Representations and Warranties

6.01 Disclosure Schedules. On or prior to the date hereof, United has delivered to Cardinal a schedule and Cardinal has delivered to
United a schedule (respectively, its “Disclosure Schedule”) setting forth, among other things, items the disclosure of which is necessary or
appropriate either in response to an express disclosure requirement contained in a provision hereof or as an exception to one or more
representations or warranties contained in Section 6.03 or 6.04 or to one or more of its covenants contained in Article V; provided, that
(a) no such item is required to be set forth in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty if its absence would not
be reasonably likely to result in the related representation or warranty being deemed untrue or incorrect under the standard set forth in
Section 6.02, and (b) the mere inclusion of an item in a Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a representation or warranty shall not be
deemed an admission by a party that such item represents a material exception or fact, event or circumstance or that such item is
reasonably likely to result in a Material Adverse Effect on the party making the representation. All of Cardinal’s and United’s
representations, warranties and covenants contained in this Agreement are qualified by reference to its respective Disclosure Schedule and
none thereof shall be deemed to be untrue or breached as a result of effects arising solely from actions taken in compliance with a written
request of the other party.

6.02 Standard. No representation or warranty of Cardinal or United contained in Section 6.03 or 6.04 shall be deemed untrue or
incorrect, and no party hereto shall be deemed to have breached a representation or warranty, as a consequence of the existence of any fact,
event or circumstance unless such fact, circumstance or event, individually or taken together with all other facts, events or circumstances
inconsistent with any representation or warranty contained in Section 6.03 or 6.04 has had or is reasonably likely to have a Material
Adverse Effect on the party making the representation. For purposes of this Agreement, “knowledge” shall mean (i) with respect to
United, actual knowledge of Richard M. Adams, Richard M. Adams, Jr., James J. Consagra, Jr., Craige L. Smith, W. Mark Tatterson,
Douglas Ernest and Darren Williams, and (ii) with respect to Cardinal, actual knowledge of Bernard H. Clineburg, Christopher W.
Bergstrom, Alice P. Frazier and F. Kevin Reynolds.

6.03 Representations and Warranties of Cardinal. Subject to Sections 6.01 and 6.02 and except as Previously Disclosed, Cardinal
hereby represents and warrants to United:

(a) Organization and Standing. Cardinal is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the Commonwealth of Virginia. Cardinal is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states of the United States and any
foreign jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.

(b) Capitalization. As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of Cardinal consists of (i) 50,000,000 shares of Cardinal
Common Stock, of which as of August 1, 2016, 32,460,013 shares are outstanding, and (ii) 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, of which
1,376,772 shares have been designated as 7.25% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock, Series A (“Cardinal Series A Preferred Stock”),
and 41,238 shares have been designated as Fixed Rate Cumulative Perpetual Preferred Stock, Series B (“Cardinal Series B Preferred
Stock”). No shares of preferred stock of Cardinal are outstanding as of the date hereof. As of the date hereof, except pursuant to the terms
of options and stock issued pursuant to the Cardinal Stock Plans, Cardinal does not have and is not bound by any outstanding
subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of
Cardinal Common Stock, Cardinal Series A Preferred Stock, Cardinal Series B Preferred Stock or any other equity securities of Cardinal
or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any shares of Cardinal Common Stock,
Cardinal Series A Preferred Stock, Cardinal Series B Preferred Stock or other equity securities of Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries. As of
the date hereof, Cardinal has 983,804 shares of Cardinal Common Stock that are issuable and reserved for issuance upon the exercise of
Cardinal Stock Options, and 108,738 shares of Cardinal Common Stock are subject to unvested Cardinal Stock Awards. The outstanding
shares of Cardinal Common Stock have been duly authorized and are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid and nonassessable, and
subject to no preemptive rights (and were not issued in violation of any preemptive rights).
 

A-14



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 172/233

Table of Contents

(c) Subsidiaries. Cardinal has Previously Disclosed a list of all of its Subsidiaries together with the jurisdiction of organization
of each such Subsidiary. Except as Previously Disclosed, (A) Cardinal owns, directly or indirectly, all the issued and outstanding equity
securities of each of its Subsidiaries, or, in the case of Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I, all of the outstanding common
securities, (B) no equity securities of any of its Subsidiaries are or may become required to be issued (other than to it or its wholly-owned
Subsidiaries) by reason of any Right or otherwise, (C) there are no contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which any
of such Subsidiaries is or may be bound to sell or otherwise transfer any equity securities of any such Subsidiaries (other than to it or its
wholly-owned Subsidiaries), (D) there are no contracts, commitments, understandings, or arrangements relating to its rights to vote or to
dispose of such securities and (E) all the equity securities of each Subsidiary held by Cardinal or its Subsidiaries are fully paid and
nonassessable and are owned by Cardinal or its Subsidiaries free and clear of any Liens.

(i) Cardinal has Previously Disclosed a list of all equity securities, or similar interests of any Person or any interest in a
partnership or joint venture of any kind, other than its Subsidiaries, that it beneficially owns, directly or indirectly, as of the date hereof.

(ii) Each of Cardinal’s Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is validly existing in good standing under the laws of
the jurisdiction of its organization, and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in the jurisdictions where its ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.

(d) Corporate Power. Each of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and Cardinal has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to receipt of required approvals by the stockholders of Cardinal, to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) Corporate Authority. Subject to receipt of the requisite approval of this Agreement (including the Merger and Plan of
Merger) by the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cardinal Common Stock entitled to vote thereon (which is the only vote
of Cardinal stockholders required thereon), the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have
been authorized by all necessary corporate action of Cardinal and the Cardinal Board. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery
by United, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding obligation of Cardinal, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as
enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of
general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights or by general equity principles).

(f) Consents and Approvals; No Defaults.

(i) No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any Governmental Authority or with any third party are
required to be made or obtained by Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by
Cardinal of this Agreement or to consummate the Merger except for (A) filings of applications or notices with federal and state banking
and insurance authorities and the approvals or consents of any federal or state banking and insurance authorities, including, the VBFI and
the Federal Reserve Board, (B) the filing of articles of merger with the VSCC pursuant to the VSCA and the VLLCA and the issuance of
certificates of merger in connection with the Merger and the Bank Merger, and (C) the filing of the Proxy Statement with the SEC. As of
the date hereof, Cardinal is not aware of any reason why the approvals set forth in Section 8.01(b) will not be received without the
imposition of a condition, restriction or requirement of the type described in Section 8.01(b).

(ii) Subject to receipt of the regulatory approvals or consents referred to in the preceding paragraph, and expiration of
related waiting periods, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
 

A-15



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 173/233

Table of Contents

and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (A) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default
under, or give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any right of termination under, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment,
decree, order, governmental permit or license, or any agreement, indenture or instrument of Cardinal or of any of its Subsidiaries or to
which Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries or properties is subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, the
Cardinal Certificate or the Cardinal Bylaws, or (C) require any consent or approval under any such law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree,
order, governmental permit or license, agreement, indenture or instrument.

(g) Financial Reports and SEC Documents; Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

(i) Cardinal’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 and all
other reports, registration statements, definitive proxy statements or information statements filed or to be filed by it or any of its
Subsidiaries subsequent to December 31, 2015, under the Securities Act or under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in
the form filed or to be filed (collectively “Cardinal’s SEC Documents”), as of the date filed, (A) as to form complied or will comply in all
material respects with the applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (B) did not and
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each of the balance sheets or
statements of condition of Cardinal contained in or incorporated by reference into any of Cardinal’s SEC Documents (including the related
notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the financial position of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and
each of the statements of income or results of operations and changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows or equivalent statements of
Cardinal in any of Cardinal’s SEC Documents (including any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the
results of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows, as the case may be, of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries for the periods to
which they relate, in each case in accordance with GAAP during the periods involved, except in each case as may be noted therein, and
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments in the case of unaudited statements.

(ii) Section 6.03(g)(ii) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule lists, and upon request, Cardinal has delivered to United,
copies of the documentation creating or governing all securitization transactions and “off-balance sheet arrangements” (as defined in
Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) effected by Cardinal or its Subsidiaries, since December 31, 2015. KPMG LLP, which has expressed
its opinion with respect to the audited financial statements of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries (including the related notes) included in
Cardinal’s SEC Documents is and has been throughout the periods covered by such financial statements an independent registered public
accounting firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).

(iii) Cardinal has on a timely basis filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since
December 31, 2012. Except to the extent available in full without redaction on the SEC’s web site through the Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) two days prior to the date of this Agreement, Cardinal has made available to United copies in the
form filed with the SEC of (A) its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each fiscal year of the Company beginning after December 31, 2012,
(B) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for each of the first three fiscal quarters in each of the fiscal years of Cardinal referred to in clause
(A) above, (C) all proxy statements relating to Cardinal’s meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held, and all information
statements relating to stockholder consents since the beginning of the first fiscal year referred to in clause (A) above, (D) all certifications
and statements required by (x) the SEC’s Order dated June 27, 2002, pursuant to Section 21(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (File No. 4-460),
(y) Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act or (z) 18 U.S.C. §1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) with respect
to any report referred to above, (E) all other forms, reports, registration statements and other documents (other than preliminary materials
if the corresponding definitive materials have been made available to United pursuant to this Section 6.03(g)), filed by Cardinal with the
SEC since the beginning of the first fiscal year referred above, and (F) all comment letters received by Cardinal from the staff of the SEC
since December 31, 2014 and all responses to such comment letters by or on behalf of Cardinal.
 

A-16



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 174/233

Table of Contents

(iv) Cardinal maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act;
such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning Cardinal and its Subsidiaries is made known
on a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of Cardinal’s filings with the SEC and other public disclosure
documents. Cardinal maintains internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act and as of
December 31, 2015, such internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance to Cardinal’s
management and its board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with
GAAP. To Cardinal’s knowledge, each director and executive officer of Cardinal has filed with the SEC on a timely basis all statements
required by Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder since December 31, 2015. As used in this
Section 6.03(g), the term “file” shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document or information is furnished,
supplied or otherwise made available to the SEC.

(v) Since December 31, 2015, Cardinal and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice or for legal, accounting, and financial advisory fees and out-of-pocket expenses in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(vi) Since December 31, 2015, (A) Cardinal and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the
ordinary and usual course consistent with past practice (excluding matters related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated
hereby) and (B) no event has occurred or circumstance arisen that, individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances and
events (described in any paragraph of Section 6.03 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to
Cardinal.

(h) Litigation. Except as Previously Disclosed, no litigation, claim or other proceeding before any Governmental Authority is
pending against Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries and, to Cardinal’s knowledge, no such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been
threatened.

(i) Regulatory Matters.

(i) Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries or properties is a party to or is subject to any order, decree, agreement,
memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to, or extraordinary supervisory
letter from, any federal or state governmental agency or authority charged with the supervision or regulation of financial institutions (or
their holding companies) or issuers of securities or engaged in the insurance of deposits (including, without limitation, the VSCC, the
Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) or the supervision or regulation of it or any of its Subsidiaries
(collectively, the “Regulatory Authorities”, and each individually, a “Regulatory Authority”).

(ii) Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has been advised by any Regulatory Authority that such Regulatory
Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree,
agreement, memorandum of understanding, commitment letter, supervisory letter or similar submission.

(iii) Cardinal is a bank holding company duly registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended,
and has elected to become a financial holding company as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999.

(j) Compliance with Laws.

(i) Each of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes,
laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees conducting such businesses,
including, without limitation, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Home
Mortgage Disclosure Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the
Fair Debt Collection
 

A-17



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 175/233

Table of Contents

Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Bank Secrecy Act,
any regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Title III of the USA Patriot
Act, the Interagency Policy Statement on Retail Sales of Nondeposit Investment Products, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act of 2008, the
Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Regulation X, and any other law relating to bank secrecy, discriminatory or abusive or
deceptive lending or any other product or service, financing or leasing practices, money laundering prevention, Sections 23A and 23B of
the Federal Reserve Act, and all agency requirements relating to the origination, sale and servicing of mortgage and consumer loans.

(ii) Each of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and approvals of, and has made
all filings, applications and registrations with, all Governmental Authorities that are required in order to permit them to own or lease their
properties and to conduct their businesses as presently conducted; all such permits, licenses, certificates of authority, orders and approvals
are in full force and effect and, to Cardinal’s knowledge, no suspension or cancellation of any of them is threatened.

(iii) Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has received, since December 31, 2006, no notification or
communication from any Governmental Authority (A) asserting that Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of
the statutes, regulations, or ordinances which such Governmental Authority enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license, franchise,
permit, or governmental authorization (nor, to Cardinal’s knowledge, do any grounds for any of the foregoing exist).

(iv) Since January 1, 2014, is in compliance with the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and all other
applicable laws relating to consumer privacy.

(v) Neither Cardinal nor any of its directors, officers or employees, nor, to the knowledge of Cardinal, any agent or other
Person acting on behalf of Cardinal is currently subject to any sanctions administered by Office of Foreign Assets Control.

(vi) Cardinal Bank is an “insured depositary institution” as defined in the Federal Deposit Insurance Act (“FDIA”) and
applicable regulations thereunder, is in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act of
1977 (the “Community Reinvestment Act”) and the regulations promulgated thereunder and has received a Community Reinvestment Act
rating of “satisfactory” in its most recently completed exam, and Cardinal has no knowledge of the existence of any fact or circumstance
or set of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in Cardinal Bank having its current rating lowered.

(vii) At the Effective Time, the assumption by United of Cardinal’s obligations under Section 7.09 would be in
compliance with Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act.

(k) Material Contracts; Defaults. Except for this Agreement and as Previously Disclosed, neither Cardinal nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by or subject to any agreement, contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or
oral) (i) that is a “material contract” within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K or (ii) that restricts or limits in
any way the conduct of business by it or any of its Subsidiaries (including without limitation a non-compete or similar provision). Neither
Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any contract, agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease, insurance policy or other
instrument to which it is a party, by which its respective assets, business, or operations may be bound or affected, or under which it or its
respective assets, business, or operations receive benefits, and there has not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or the giving of
notice or both, would constitute such a default.

(l) No Brokers. No action has been taken by Cardinal that would give rise to any valid claim against any party hereto for a
brokerage commission, finder’s fee or other like payment with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, excluding a
Previously Disclosed fee to be paid to Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.
 

A-18



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 176/233

Table of Contents

(m) Employee Benefit Plans.

(i) On Section 6.03(m)(i) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, Cardinal has set forth a complete and accurate list of all
existing bonus, incentive, deferred compensation, pension, retirement, profit-sharing, thrift, savings, employee stock ownership, stock
bonus, stock purchase, restricted stock, stock option, severance, welfare and fringe benefit plans, survivor life insurance, split dollar or
other life insurance benefit plan, employment or severance agreements and all similar practices, policies and arrangements in which any
current or former employee (the “Employees”), current or former consultant (the “Consultants”) or current or former director (the
“Directors”) of Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries participates or to which any such Employees, Consultants or Directors are a party (the
“Compensation and Benefit Plans”). Except as required by the terms of this Agreement or as Previously Disclosed on Section 6.03(m)(i)
of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has any commitment to create any additional Compensation
and Benefit Plan or to modify or change any existing Compensation and Benefit Plan.

(ii) Each Compensation and Benefit Plan has been operated and administered in all material respects in accordance with
its terms and with applicable law, including, but not limited to, ERISA, the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Age
Discrimination in Employment Act, or any regulations or rules promulgated thereunder, and all filings, disclosures and notices required by
ERISA, the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and any other applicable law have
been timely made. Each Compensation and Benefit Plan that is an “employee pension benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(2) of
ERISA (a “Pension Plan”) and that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination
letter or has applied for a favorable determination letter in compliance with the Code (including a determination that the related trust under
such Compensation and Benefit Plan is exempt from tax under Section 501(a) of the Code) from the Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) or
the Compensation and Benefit Plan uses a prototype or volume submitter plan that is the subject of an IRS opinion or advisory letter, and
Cardinal is not aware of any circumstances that could adversely affect such qualification or that are likely to result in the revocation of any
existing favorable determination letter or in not receiving a favorable determination letter. There is no material pending or, to the
knowledge of Cardinal, threatened legal action, suit or claim relating to the Compensation and Benefit Plans other than routine claims for
benefits. Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a transaction, or omitted to take any action, with respect to any
Compensation and Benefit Plan that would reasonably be expected to subject Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries to a material tax or
penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA, assuming for purposes of Section 4975 of the Code that the
taxable period of any such transaction expired as of the date hereof.

(iii) No Compensation and Benefit Plans currently maintained, or maintained within the last six years, by Cardinal or
any of its Subsidiaries or any entity (an “ERISA Affiliate”) that is considered one employer with Cardinal under Section 4001(a)(14) of
ERISA or Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code is or was subject to Title IV of ERISA or is or was a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E of
Title IV of ERISA. To the knowledge of Cardinal, there is no pending investigation or enforcement action by the PBGC, the DOL or IRS
or any other governmental agency with respect to any Compensation and Benefit Plan.

(iv) All contributions required to be made under the terms of any Compensation and Benefit Plan or any employee
benefit arrangements under any collective bargaining agreement to which Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries is a party have been timely
made or have been reflected on Cardinal’s financial statements. None of Cardinal, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate (x) has
provided, or would reasonably be expected to be required to provide, security to any Pension Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the
Code, and (y) has taken any action, or omitted to take any action, that has resulted, or would reasonably be expected to result, in the
imposition of a lien under Section 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA.

(v) Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations to provide retiree health and life insurance, retiree
long-term care insurance or retiree death or other benefits under any Compensation and Benefit Plan, other than benefits mandated by
Section 4980B of the Code, and each such Compensation and
 

A-19



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 177/233

Table of Contents

Benefit Plan may be amended or terminated without incurring liability thereunder, and there has been no communication to Employees by
Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries that would reasonably be expected to promise or guarantee such Employees retiree health or life
insurance or retiree death or other benefits on a permanent basis.

(vi) Cardinal and its Subsidiaries do not maintain any Compensation and Benefit Plans covering foreign Employees.

(vii) With respect to each Compensation and Benefit Plan, if applicable, Cardinal has provided or made available to
United, true and complete copies of existing: (A) Compensation and Benefit Plan documents and amendments thereto; (B) trust
instruments and insurance contracts; (C) two most recent Forms 5500 filed with the IRS; (D) most recent actuarial report and financial
statement; (E) the most recent summary plan description; (F) forms filed with the PBGC (other than for minimum payments); (G) most
recent determination or opinion letter issued by the IRS; (H) any Form 5310 or Form 5330 filed with the IRS; and (I) most recent
nondiscrimination tests performed under ERISA and the Code (including 401(k) and 401(m) tests).

(viii) Except as set forth on Section 6.03(m)(viii) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement would not, directly or indirectly (including, without limitation, as a result of any termination
of employment prior to or following the Effective Time) reasonably be expected to (A) entitle any Employee, Consultant or Director to
any payment (including severance pay or similar compensation) or any increase in compensation, (B) result in the vesting or acceleration
of any benefits under any Compensation and Benefit Plan other than the Cardinal Stock Plans and except as otherwise provided for in this
Agreement or (C) result in any material increase in benefits payable under any Compensation and Benefit Plan.

(ix) Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains any compensation plans, programs or arrangements the
payments under which would not reasonably be expected to be deductible as a result of the limitations under Section 162(m) of the Code
and the regulations issued thereunder.

(x) Except as set forth on Section 6.03(m)(x) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, as a result, directly or indirectly, of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a result of any termination of employment prior to or
following the Effective Time), neither United nor Cardinal, or any of their respective Subsidiaries will be obligated to make a payment to
an Employee of Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries that would be characterized as an “excess parachute payment” to an individual who is a
“disqualified individual” (as such terms are defined in Section 280G of the Code), without regard to whether such payment is reasonable
compensation for personal services performed or to be performed in the future.

(xi) As of the Effective Date, there are no supplemental employment retirement plans (each, a “SERP”) or non-qualified
deferred compensation plans (“Deferred Compensation Plans”) between Cardinal and any of its employees that have assets through a
grantor trust or trusts of which Cardinal is the grantor within the meaning of subpart E, part I, subchapter J, chapter 1, subtitle A of the
Code that are subject to claims of creditors, and except as set forth on Section 6.03(m)(xi) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, no such
grantor trusts are required to be established on or after the Effective Time by the successor to Cardinal or any of its subsidiaries as a result,
directly or indirectly, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a result of any termination of
employment prior to or following the Effective Time), and each Deferred Compensation Plan that is a SERP or non-qualified deferred
compensation plan of Cardinal is listed on Section 6.03(m)(xi) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule.

(xii) Except as set forth on Section 6.03(m)(xii) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, neither Cardinal nor any of its
Subsidiaries has made any agreement, taken any action, or omitted to take any action, with respect to or as part of any Compensation and
Benefit Plan that is an operational failure under Section 409A of the Code or that would reasonably be expected to subject Cardinal or any
of its Subsidiaries to any obligation
 

A-20



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 178/233

Table of Contents

to report any amount or withhold any amount as includable in income and subject to tax, interest or any penalty by any service provider to
Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries under Section 409A of the Code or to pay any reimbursement or other payment to any service provider,
as defined under Section 409A of the Code, respecting any such tax, interest or penalty under Section 409A of the Code, and if any
correction procedure authorized under any IRS guidance with respect to Section 409A is necessary or available on or before the Effective
Time to prevent any such Section 409A document or operational failure, Cardinal agrees to so correct prior to the Effective Time. As a
result, directly or indirectly, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation, as a result of any
termination of employment prior to or following the Effective Time), neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries will be obligated to
report any amount or withhold any amount as includable in income and subject to tax, interest or any penalty by any service provider (as
defined under Section 409A of the Code) to Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries under Section 409A of the Code or to pay any
reimbursement or other payment to any service provider (as defined under Section 409A of the Code) respecting any such Tax, interest or
penalty under Section 409A of the Code and no provision of any of the Compensation and Benefit Plans, or any actions taken or omitted
thereunder, violate Section 409A of the Code.

(n) Labor Matters. Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any collective bargaining agreement,
contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization, nor is Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries the subject
of a proceeding asserting that it or any such Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor
Relations Act) or seeking to compel Cardinal or any such Subsidiary to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of
employment, nor is there any strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to Cardinal’s knowledge,
threatened, nor is Cardinal aware of any activity involving its or any of its Subsidiaries’ employees seeking to certify a collective
bargaining unit or engaging in other organizational activity.

(o) Takeover Laws. Cardinal has taken all action required to be taken by it in order to exempt this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby from, and this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from, the requirements
of any “moratorium”, “control share”, “fair price”, “affiliate transaction”, “business combination” or other antitakeover laws and
regulations of any state applicable to Cardinal, including Article 14.1 of the VSCA (collectively, “Takeover Laws”).

(p) Environmental Matters. To Cardinal’s knowledge, neither the conduct nor operation of Cardinal or its Subsidiaries nor any
condition of any property presently or previously owned, leased or operated by any of them (including, without limitation, in a fiduciary or
agency capacity), or on which any of them holds a Lien, violates or violated Environmental Laws and to Cardinal’s knowledge, no
condition has existed or event has occurred with respect to any of them or any such property that, with notice or the passage of time, or
both, is reasonably likely to result in liability under Environmental Laws. To Cardinal’s knowledge, neither Cardinal nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any notice from any person or entity that Cardinal or its Subsidiaries or the operation or condition of any
property ever owned, leased, operated, or held as collateral or in a fiduciary capacity by any of them are or were in violation of or
otherwise are alleged to have liability under any Environmental Law, including, but not limited to, responsibility (or potential
responsibility) for the cleanup or other remediation of any pollutants, contaminants or hazardous or toxic wastes, substances or materials
at, on, beneath, or originating from any such property.

(q) Tax Matters.

(i) All Tax Returns that are required to be filed by or with respect to Cardinal and its Subsidiaries have been timely filed
(taking into account all applicable extensions), and all Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns have been paid in full, other than Taxes
that are being contested in good faith, which have not been finally determined, and have been adequately reserved against in accordance
with GAAP on Cardinal’s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015. All assessments for Taxes of Cardinal or any of its
Subsidiaries due with respect to completed and settled examinations or any concluded litigations have been fully paid. There are no
disputes, audits, examinations or proceedings pending, or claims asserted, for Taxes upon
 

A-21



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 179/233

Table of Contents

Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted any extension or waiver of the limitation period
for the assessment or collection of Tax that remains in effect. Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability with respect to
income, franchise or similar Taxes that accrued on or before December 31, 2015 in excess of the amounts accrued with respect thereto that
are reflected in the consolidated financial statements of Cardinal as of December 31, 2015. As of the date hereof, neither Cardinal nor any
of its Subsidiaries has any knowledge of any conditions that exist that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a
“reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

(ii) Cardinal is not and has not been a “United States real property holding corporation” within the meaning of Section
897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A) of the Code.

(r) Risk Management Instruments. Neither Cardinal nor any of its Subsidiaries are parties to any interest rate swaps, caps,
floors, option agreements, futures and forward contracts and other similar risk management arrangements, whether entered into for
Cardinal’s own account, or for the account of one or more of Cardinal’s Subsidiaries or their customers.

(s) Books and Records. The books and records of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries have been fully, properly and accurately
maintained in all material respects, and there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein and
they fairly reflect the substance of events and transactions included therein.

(t) Insurance. Cardinal Previously Disclosed a list of all of the insurance policies, binders, or bonds maintained by Cardinal or
its Subsidiaries. Cardinal and its Subsidiaries are insured with insurers believed to be reputable against such risks and in such amounts as
the management of Cardinal reasonably has determined to be prudent in accordance with industry practices. All such insurance policies are
in full force and effect; Cardinal and its Subsidiaries are not in material default thereunder; and all claims thereunder have been filed in
due and timely fashion.

(u) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The board of directors of Cardinal has received the opinion (which, if initially rendered
verbally, has been or will be confirmed by a written opinion, dated the same date) of Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., to the effect that, as
of the date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to factors, assumptions and limitations set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio in the
Merger is fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Cardinal Common Stock. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded
as of the date of this Agreement.

(v) Loan Matters.

(i) Each Cardinal Loan currently outstanding (A) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness
that are true, genuine and what they purport to be, (B) to the extent secured, has been secured by valid liens that have been perfected and
(C) to the knowledge of Cardinal, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance with its
terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership,
conservatorship, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and except that the availability of the
equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be
brought). The notes or other credit or security documents with respect to each such outstanding Cardinal Loan were executed and
delivered in compliance in all respects with all applicable laws at the time of origination or purchase by Cardinal and are complete and
correct in all respects.

(ii) Each outstanding Cardinal Loan was solicited and originated, and is and has been administered and, where
applicable, serviced, and the relevant Cardinal Loan files are being maintained, in all respects in accordance with the relevant notes or
other credit or security documents, Cardinal’s written underwriting standards and with all applicable requirements of applicable laws.
 

A-22



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 180/233

Table of Contents

(iii) None of the contracts pursuant to which Cardinal has sold Cardinal Loans or pools of Cardinal Loans or
participations in Cardinal Loans or pools of Cardinal Loans contains any obligation to repurchase such Cardinal Loans or interests therein
solely on account of a payment default by the obligor on any such Cardinal Loan.

(iv) (A) Section 6.03(v)(iv) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all Cardinal Loans as of the date hereof
by Cardinal to any directors, executive officers and principal stockholders (as such terms are defined in Regulation O of the Federal
Reserve Board (12 C.F.R. Part 215)) of Cardinal, and (B) there are no employee, officer, director or other affiliate Cardinal Loans on
which the borrower is paying a rate other than that reflected in the note or other relevant credit or security agreement or on which the
borrower is paying a rate which was not in compliance with Regulation O.

(w) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. The allowance for loan and lease losses (“ALLL”) reflected in the most recent
Cardinal financial statements was in compliance with Cardinal’s existing methodology for determining the adequacy of its ALLL and in
compliance in all material respects with the standards established by the applicable Regulatory Authority, the Financial Accounting
Standards Board and GAAP.

(x) Assets. Cardinal or its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to those assets reflected in the most recent Cardinal
financial statements as being owned by Cardinal or acquired after the date thereof (except assets sold or otherwise disposed of since the
date thereof in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all liens, except (a) statutory liens securing payments not yet due,
(b) liens for real property Taxes not yet due and payable, (c) easements, rights of way, and other similar encumbrances that do not
materially affect the use of the properties or assets subject thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at
such properties, and (d) such imperfections or irregularities of title or liens as do not materially affect the use of the properties or assets
subject thereto or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties (collectively, “Permitted Liens”).
Cardinal is the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected in the latest Cardinal financial statements, free and clear of all liens of any nature
whatsoever, except for Permitted Liens, and is in possession of the properties purported to be leased thereunder, and each such lease is
valid without default thereunder by the lessee or, to the knowledge of Cardinal, the lessor. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of
Cardinal, threatened condemnation or eminent domain proceedings against any real property that is owned or leased by Cardinal. Cardinal
owns or leases all properties as are necessary to its operations now conducted.

6.04 Representations and Warranties of United. Subject to Sections 6.01 and 6.02 and except as Previously Disclosed, United
hereby represents and warrants to Cardinal:

(a) Organization and Standing. United is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of
the State of West Virginia. United is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in the states of the United States and foreign
jurisdictions where its ownership or leasing of property or assets or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified.

(b) Capitalization.

(i) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of United consists of (A) 100,000,000 shares of United Common
Stock, of which as July 31, 2016, 76,379,927 shares were outstanding, and (B) 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock with par value of
$1.00 per share (“United Preferred Stock”), as of the date hereof, none of which are outstanding. As of the date hereof, except as set forth
in its Disclosure Schedule, United does not have and is not bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, commitments
or agreements of any character calling for the purchase or issuance of any shares of United Common Stock, United Preferred Stock or any
other equity securities of United or any of its Subsidiaries or any securities representing the right to purchase or otherwise receive any
shares of United Common Stock, United Preferred Stock or other equity securities of United or any of its Subsidiaries. As of the date
hereof, United had 3,038,784 shares of United Common Stock, which are issuable and reserved for issuance upon exercise of United Stock
Options. The outstanding shares of United Common Stock have been duly authorized and are validly issued and outstanding, fully paid
and nonassessable, and subject to no preemptive rights (and were not issued in violation of any preemptive rights).
 

A-23



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 181/233

Table of Contents

(ii) Upon the approval of the United Certificate Amendment, the shares of United Common Stock to be issued in
exchange for shares of Cardinal Common Stock in the Merger, when issued in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, will be duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, with no personal liability attaching to the ownership thereof, subject to no
preemptive rights and authorized for trading on the NASDAQ.

(c) Subsidiaries. Each of United’s Subsidiaries has been duly organized and is validly existing in good standing under the laws
of the jurisdiction of its organization, and is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in the jurisdictions where its ownership
or leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified and it owns, directly or indirectly, all the issued and
outstanding equity securities of each of its Significant Subsidiaries. United has Previously Disclosed a list of all of its Subsidiaries,
together with the jurisdiction of organization of each Subsidiary.

(d) Corporate Power. Each of United and its Subsidiaries has the corporate power and authority to carry on its business as it is
now being conducted and to own all its properties and assets; and United has the corporate power and authority to execute, deliver and
perform its obligations under this Agreement and, subject to receipt of approval of this Agreement (including the Merger and the Plan of
Merger) and the United Certificate Amendment by the stockholders of United, to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(e) Corporate Authority. Subject to receipt by United of the requisite stockholder approvals (i) to amend the United Certificate
to increase the number of authorized shares of United Common Stock (the “United Certificate Amendment”) and (ii) required by (A)
NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635 with respect to issuing the Merger Consideration and (B) Sections 31D-6-621 and 31D-11-1104 of the
WVBCA with respect to issuing the Merger Consideration and approving the Merger, such approvals constituting the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast if a quorum is present (which are the only votes of United stockholders required thereon), the execution and
delivery of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been authorized by all necessary corporate action of United and
the United Board. Assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by Cardinal, this Agreement is a valid and legally binding
obligation of United, enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’
rights or by general equity principles).

(f) Consents and Approvals; No Defaults.

(i) No consents or approvals of, or filings or registrations with, any Governmental Authority or with any third party are
required to be made or obtained by United or any of its Subsidiaries in connection with the execution, delivery or performance by United
of this Agreement or to consummate the Merger except for: (A) filings of applications and notices with the federal and state banking and
insurance authorities and the approvals or consents of any federal or state banking and insurance authorities, including, the West Virginia
Division of Financial Institutions, the VBFI and the Federal Reserve Board; (B) filings with the NASDAQ regarding the United Common
Stock to be issued in the Merger; (C) the filing with and declaration of effectiveness of the Registration Statement by the SEC; (D) the
filing of the Proxy Statement with the SEC; (E) the filing of the United Certificate Amendment with the West Virginia Secretary of State
pursuant to the WVBCA; (F) the filing of articles of merger with the VSCC pursuant to the VSCA and the VLLCA and the issuance of
certificates of merger in connection with the Merger and the Bank Merger; (G) such filings as are required to be made or approvals as are
required to be obtained under the securities or “Blue Sky” laws of various states in connection with the issuance of United Stock in the
Merger; and (H) receipt of the approvals set forth in Section 8.01(b). As of the date hereof, United is not aware of any reason why the
approvals set forth in Section 8.01(b) will not be received without the imposition of a condition, restriction or requirement of the type
described in Section 8.01(b).

(ii) Subject to the satisfaction of the requirements referred to in the preceding paragraph and expiration of the related
waiting periods, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the
 

A-24



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 182/233

Table of Contents

consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (A) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, or
give rise to any Lien, any acceleration of remedies or any right of termination under, any law, rule or regulation or any judgment, decree,
order, governmental permit or license, or agreement, indenture or instrument of United or of any of its Subsidiaries or to which United or
any of its Subsidiaries or properties is subject or bound, (B) constitute a breach or violation of, or a default under, the articles of
incorporation or bylaws (or similar governing documents) of United or any of its Subsidiaries, or (C) require any consent or approval
under any such law, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, order, governmental permit or license, agreement, indenture or instrument.

(g) Financial Reports and SEC Documents; Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

(i) United’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for each of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2013, 2014 and 2015 and all
other reports, registration statements, definitive proxy statements or information statements filed or to be filed by it or any of its
Subsidiaries subsequent to December 31, 2015, under the Securities Act or under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act in
the form filed or to be filed (collectively “United’s SEC Documents”), as of the date filed, (A) as to form complied or will comply in all
material respects with the applicable requirements under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, as the case may be, and (B) did not and
will not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make
the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; and each of the balance sheets or
statements of condition of United contained in or incorporated by reference into any of United’s SEC Documents (including the related
notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the financial position of United and its Subsidiaries as of its date, and
each of the statements of income or results of operations and changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows or equivalent statements of
United in any of United’s SEC Documents (including any related notes and schedules thereto) fairly presents, or will fairly present, the
results of operations, changes in stockholders’ equity and cash flows, as the case may be, of United and its Subsidiaries for the periods to
which they relate, in each case in accordance with GAAP during the periods involved, except in each case as may be noted therein, and
subject to normal year-end audit adjustments in the case of unaudited statements.

(ii) Section 6.04(g)(ii) of United’s Disclosure Schedule lists, and upon request, United has delivered to Cardinal, copies
of the documentation creating or governing all securitization transactions and “off-balance sheet arrangements” (as defined in Item 303(a)
(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K) effected by United or its Subsidiaries, since December 31, 2015. Ernst & Young LLP, which has expressed its
opinion with respect to the audited financial statements of United and its Subsidiaries (including the related notes) included in United’s
SEC Documents is and has been throughout the periods covered by such financial statements an independent registered public accounting
firm (as defined in Section 2(a)(12) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002).

(iii) United has on a timely basis filed all forms, reports and documents required to be filed by it with the SEC since
December 31, 2012. Except to the extent available in full without redaction on the SEC’s web site through the Electronic Data Gathering,
Analysis and Retrieval System (EDGAR) two days prior to the date of this Agreement, United has made available to Cardinal copies in the
form filed with the SEC of (A) its Annual Reports on Form 10-K for each fiscal year of the Company beginning after December 31, 2012,
(B) its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for each of the first three fiscal quarters in each of the fiscal years of United referred to in clause
(A) above, (C) all proxy statements relating to United’s meetings of stockholders (whether annual or special) held, and all information
statements relating to stockholder consents since the beginning of the first fiscal year referred to in clause (A) above, (D) all certifications
and statements required by (x) the SEC’s Order dated June 27, 2002, pursuant to Section 21(a)(1) of the Exchange Act (File No. 4-460),
(y) Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under the Exchange Act or (z) 18 U.S.C. §1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) with respect
to any report referred to above, (E) all other forms, reports, registration statements and other documents (other than preliminary materials
if the corresponding definitive materials have been made available to Cardinal pursuant to this Section 6.04(g), filed by United with the
SEC since the beginning of the first fiscal year referred above, and (F) all comment letters received by United from the staff of the SEC
since December 31, 2014 and all responses to such comment letters by or on behalf of United.
 

A-25



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 183/233

Table of Contents

(iv) United maintains disclosure controls and procedures required by Rule 13a-15 or 15d-15 under the Exchange Act;
such controls and procedures are effective to ensure that all material information concerning United and its Subsidiaries is made known on
a timely basis to the individuals responsible for the preparation of United’s filings with the SEC and other public disclosure documents.
United maintains internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act and as of December 31,
2015, such internal control over financial reporting was effective in providing reasonable assurance to United’s management and its board
of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To United’s
knowledge, each director and executive officer of United has filed with the SEC on a timely basis all statements required by Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder since December 31, 2015. As used in this Section 6.04(g), the term “file”
shall be broadly construed to include any manner in which a document or information is furnished, supplied or otherwise made available
to the SEC.

(v) Since December 31, 2015, United and its Subsidiaries have not incurred any liability other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice or for legal, accounting, and financial advisory fees and out-of-pocket expenses in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(vi) Since December 31, 2015, (A) United and its Subsidiaries have conducted their respective businesses in the ordinary
and usual course consistent with past practice (excluding matters related to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby) and
(B) no event has occurred or circumstance arisen that, individually or taken together with all other facts, circumstances and events
(described in any subsection of Section 6.04 or otherwise), is reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to United.

(h) Litigation. No litigation, claim or other proceeding before any Governmental Authority is pending against United or any of
its Subsidiaries and, to United’s knowledge, no such litigation, claim or other proceeding has been threatened.

(i) Regulatory Matters. Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries or properties is a party to or is subject to any order, decree,
agreement, memorandum of understanding or similar arrangement with, or a commitment letter or similar submission to, or extraordinary
supervisory letter from, any Regulatory Authority.

(i) Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has been advised by any Regulatory Authority that such Regulatory
Authority is contemplating issuing or requesting (or is considering the appropriateness of issuing or requesting) any such order, decree,
agreement, memorandum of understanding, commitment letter, supervisory letter or similar submission.

(ii) United is a bank holding company duly registered under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as
amended. United is not a financial holding company as defined by the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act of 1999.

(j) Compliance with Laws.

(i) Each of United and its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all applicable federal, state, local and foreign statutes, laws,
regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to the employees conducting such businesses, including,
without limitation, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act, the Community Reinvestment Act, the Home Mortgage
Disclosure Act, Fair Credit Reporting Act, the Truth in Lending Act and Regulation Z, the Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, the Fair Debt
Collection Practices Act, the Electronic Fund Transfer Act, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, the Bank
Secrecy Act, any regulations promulgated by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Title III of the
USA Patriot Act, the Interagency Policy Statement on Retail Sales of Nondeposit Investment Products, the SAFE Mortgage Licensing Act
of 2008, the Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act and Regulation X, and any other law relating to bank secrecy, discriminatory or
abusive or
 

A-26



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 184/233

Table of Contents

deceptive lending or any other product or service, financing or leasing practices, money laundering prevention, Sections 23A and 23B of
the Federal Reserve Act, and all agency requirements relating to the origination, sale and servicing of mortgage and consumer loans.

(ii) Each of United and its Subsidiaries has all permits, licenses, authorizations, orders and approvals of, and has made
all filings, applications and registrations with, all Governmental Authorities that are required in order to permit them to own or lease their
properties and to conduct their businesses as presently conducted; all such permits, licenses, certificates of authority, orders and approvals
are in full force and effect and, to United’s knowledge, no suspension or cancellation of any of them is threatened.

(iii) Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has received, since December 31, 2006, no notification or communication
from any Governmental Authority (A) asserting that United or any of its Subsidiaries is not in compliance with any of the statutes,
regulations, or ordinances which such Governmental Authority enforces or (B) threatening to revoke any license, franchise, permit, or
governmental authorization (nor, to United’s knowledge, do any grounds for any of the foregoing exist).

(iv) Since January 1, 2014, is in compliance with the privacy provisions of the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, and all other
applicable laws relating to consumer privacy.

(v) Neither United nor any of its directors, officers or employees, nor, to the knowledge of United, any agent or other
Person acting on behalf of United is currently subject to any sanctions administered by Office of Foreign Assets Control.

(vi) United Bank is an “insured depositary institution” as defined in the FDIA and applicable regulations thereunder, is
in compliance in all respects with the applicable provisions of the Community Reinvestment Act and the regulations promulgated
thereunder and has received a Community Reinvestment Act rating of “satisfactory” in its most recently completed exam, and United has
no knowledge of the existence of any fact or circumstance or set of facts or circumstances that could reasonably be expected to result in
United Bank having its current rating lowered.

(k) Material Contracts; Defaults. Except for this Agreement, neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, bound by or
subject to any agreement, contract, arrangement, commitment or understanding (whether written or oral) (i) that is a “material contract”
within the meaning of Item 601(b)(10) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K or (ii) that restricts or limits in any way the conduct of business by it
or any of its Subsidiaries (including without limitation a non-compete or similar provision). Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries is in
default under any contract, agreement, commitment, arrangement, lease, insurance policy or other instrument to which it is a party, by
which its respective assets, business, or operations may be bound or affected, or under which it or its respective assets, business, or
operations receive benefits, and there has not occurred any event that, with the lapse of time or the giving of notice or both, would
constitute such a default.

(l) Employee Benefit Plans.

(i) United has Previously Disclosed a complete and accurate list of all existing bonus, incentive, deferred compensation,
pension, retirement, profit-sharing, thrift, savings, employee stock ownership, stock bonus, stock purchase, restricted stock, stock option,
severance, welfare and fringe benefit plans, employment or severance agreements and all similar practices, policies and arrangements in
which any current or former employee (the “United Employees”), current or former consultant (the “United Consultants”) or current or
former director (the “United Directors”) of United or any of its Subsidiaries participates or to which any United Employees, United
Consultants or United Directors are a party (the “United Compensation and Benefit Plans”).

(ii) Each United Compensation and Benefit Plan has been operated and administered in all material respects in
accordance with its terms and with applicable law, including, but not limited to, ERISA, the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act,
the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or any regulations or rules promulgated thereunder, and all filings, disclosures and notices
required by ERISA, the Code, the Securities
 

A-27



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 185/233

Table of Contents

Act, the Exchange Act, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act and any other applicable law have been timely made. Each
Compensation and Benefit Plan which is an “employee pension benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(2) of ERISA (a “United
Pension Plan”) and which is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a favorable determination letter
(including a determination that the related trust under such United Compensation and Benefit Plan is exempt from tax under
Section 501(a) of the Code) from the IRS or the Compensation and Benefit Plan uses a prototype or volume submitter plan that is the
subject of an IRS opinion or advisory letter, and United is not aware of any circumstances that could adversely affect such qualification or
which are likely to result in the revocation of any existing favorable determination letter or in not receiving a favorable determination
letter. There is no material pending or, to the knowledge of United, threatened legal action, suit or claim relating to the United
Compensation and Benefit Plans other than routine claims for benefits. Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in a
transaction, or omitted to take any action, with respect to any United Compensation and Benefit Plan that would reasonably be expected to
subject United or any of its Subsidiaries to a tax or penalty imposed by either Section 4975 of the Code or Section 502 of ERISA,
assuming for purposes of Section 4975 of the Code that the taxable period of any such transaction expired as of the date hereof.

(iii) No liability (other than for payment of premiums to the PBGC which have been made or will be made on a timely
basis) under Title IV of ERISA has been or is expected to be incurred by United or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to any ongoing,
frozen or terminated “single-employer plan”, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA, currently or formerly maintained by
any of them, or any single-employer plan of any entity (a “United ERISA Affiliate”) which is considered one employer with United under
Section 4001(a)(14) of ERISA or Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code (a “United ERISA Affiliate Plan”). None of United, any of its
Subsidiaries or any United ERISA Affiliate has contributed, or has been obligated to contribute, to a multiemployer plan under Subtitle E
of Title IV of ERISA at any time since September 26, 1980. No notice of a “reportable event”, within the meaning of Section 4043 of
ERISA for which the 30-day reporting requirement has not been waived, has been required to be filed for any United Compensation and
Benefit Plan or by any United ERISA Affiliate Plan within the 12-month period ending on the date hereof, and no such notice will be
required to be filed as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The PBGC has not instituted proceedings to terminate
any Pension Plan or United ERISA Affiliate Plan and, to United’s knowledge, no condition exists that presents a material risk that such
proceedings will be instituted. To the knowledge of United, there is no pending investigation or enforcement action by the PBGC, the
DOL or IRS or any other governmental agency with respect to any United Compensation and Benefit Plan. Under each United Pension
Plan and United ERISA Affiliate Plan, as of the date of the most recent actuarial valuation performed prior to the date of this Agreement,
the actuarially determined present value of all “benefit liabilities”, within the meaning of Section 4001(a)(16) of ERISA (as determined on
the basis of the actuarial assumptions contained in such actuarial valuation of such United Pension Plan or United ERISA Affiliate Plan),
did not exceed the then current value of the assets of such United Pension Plan or United ERISA Affiliate Plan and since such date there
has been neither an adverse change in the financial condition of such United Pension Plan or United ERISA Affiliate Plan nor any
amendment or other change to such Pension Plan or ERISA Affiliate Plan that would increase the amount of benefits thereunder which
reasonably could be expected to change such result.

(iv) All contributions required to be made under the terms of any United Compensation and Benefit Plan or United
ERISA Affiliate Plan or any employee benefit arrangements under any collective bargaining agreement to which United or any of its
Subsidiaries is a party have been timely made or have been reflected on United’s financial statements. Neither any United Pension Plan
nor any United ERISA Affiliate Plan has an “accumulated funding deficiency” (whether or not waived) within the meaning of Section 412
of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA and all required payments to the PBGC with respect to each United Pension Plan or United ERISA
Affiliate Plan have been made on or before their due dates. None of United, any of its Subsidiaries or any United ERISA Affiliate (x) has
provided, or would reasonably be expected to be required to provide, security to any United Pension Plan or to any United ERISA Affiliate
Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code, and (y) has taken any action, or omitted to take any action, that has resulted, or would
reasonably be expected to result, in the imposition of a lien under Section 412(n) of the Code or pursuant to ERISA.
 

A-28



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 186/233

Table of Contents

(v) Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligations to provide retiree health and life insurance, retiree
long-term care insurance, retiree death or other benefits, other than a program to offer to remit premiums and provide some administrative
tasks with respect to retiree health and life insurance paid by retirees under any United Compensation and Benefit Plan, other than benefits
mandated by Section 4980B of the Code, and each such United Compensation and Benefit Plan may be amended or terminated without
incurring liability thereunder and there has been no communication to Employees by United or any of its Subsidiaries that would
reasonably be expected to promise or guarantee such Employees retiree health or life insurance, retiree death or other benefits on a
permanent basis.

(vi) United and its Subsidiaries do not maintain any United Compensation and Benefit Plans covering foreign
Employees.

(vii) The consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement would not, directly or indirectly (including,
without limitation, as a result of any termination of employment prior to or following the Effective Time) reasonably be expected to
(A) entitle any United Employee, United Consultant or United Director to any payment (including severance pay or similar compensation)
or any increase in compensation, (B) result in the vesting or acceleration of any benefits under any United Compensation and Benefit Plan
or (C) result in any material increase in benefits payable under any United Compensation and Benefit Plan.

(viii) Except for compensation paid to Richard M. Adams, neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries maintains any
compensation plans, programs or arrangements the payments under which would not reasonably be expected to be deductible as a result of
the limitations under Section 162(m) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder.

(ix) As a result, directly or indirectly, of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including, without limitation,
as a result of any termination of employment prior to or following the Effective Time), neither United nor Cardinal, or any of their
respective Subsidiaries will be obligated to make a payment with respect to any person who is an employee, before the Effective Time, of
United or any of its Subsidiaries, that would be characterized as an “excess parachute payment” to an individual who is a “disqualified
individual” (as such terms are defined in Section 280G of the Code), without regard to whether such payment is reasonable compensation
for personal services performed or to be performed in the future.

(x) Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has made any agreement, taken any action, or omitted to take any action,
with respect to or as part of any United Compensation and Benefit Plan that is an operational failure under Section 409A of the Code or
that would reasonably be expected to subject United or any of its Subsidiaries to any obligation to report any amount or withhold any
amount as includable in income and subject to tax, interest or any penalty by any service provider to United or any of its Subsidiaries
under Section 409A of the Code or to pay any reimbursement or other payment to any service provider, as defined under Section 409A of
the Code, respecting any such tax, interest or penalty under Section 409A of the Code.

(m) No Brokers. No action has been taken by United that would give rise to any valid claim against any party hereto for a
brokerage commission, finder’s fee or other like payment with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, excluding a
Previously Disclosed fee to Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

(n) Labor Matters. Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to or is bound by any collective bargaining agreement,
contract or other agreement or understanding with a labor union or labor organization, nor is United or any of its Subsidiaries the subject
of a proceeding asserting that it or any such Subsidiary has committed an unfair labor practice (within the meaning of the National Labor
Relations Act) or seeking to compel United or any such Subsidiary to bargain with any labor organization as to wages or conditions of
employment, nor is there any strike or other labor dispute involving it or any of its Subsidiaries pending or, to United’s knowledge,
threatened, nor is United aware of any activity involving its or any of its Subsidiaries’ employees seeking to certify a collective bargaining
unit or engaging in other organizational activity.
 

A-29



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 187/233

Table of Contents

(o) Takeover Laws. United has taken all action required to be taken by it in order to exempt this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby from, and this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby are exempt from, the requirements of any
Takeover Laws applicable to United.

(p) Environmental Matters. To United’s knowledge, neither the conduct nor operation of United or its Subsidiaries nor any
condition of any property presently or previously owned, leased or operated by any of them (including, without limitation, in a fiduciary or
agency capacity), or on which any of them holds a Lien, violates or violated Environmental Laws and to United’s knowledge no condition
has existed or event has occurred with respect to any of them or any such property that, with notice or the passage of time, or both, is
reasonably likely to result in liability under Environmental Laws. To United’s knowledge, neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any notice from any person or entity that United or its Subsidiaries or the operation or condition of any property ever owned,
leased, operated or held as collateral or in a fiduciary capacity by any of them are or were in violation of or otherwise are alleged to have
liability under any Environmental Law, including, but not limited to, responsibility (or potential responsibility) for the cleanup or other
remediation of any pollutants, contaminants, or hazardous or toxic wastes, substances or materials at, on, beneath or originating from any
such property.

(q) Tax Matters. All Tax Returns that are required to be filed by or with respect to United and its Subsidiaries have been timely
filed (taking into account all applicable extensions), and all Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns have been paid in full, other than
Taxes that are being contested in good faith, which have not been finally determined, and have been adequately reserved against in
accordance with GAAP on United’s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2015. All assessments for Taxes of United or
any of its Subsidiaries due with respect to completed and settled examinations or any concluded litigations have been fully paid. There are
no disputes, audits, examinations or proceedings pending, or claims asserted, for Taxes upon United or any of its Subsidiaries. Neither
United nor any of its Subsidiaries has granted any extension or waiver of the limitation period for the assessment or collection of Tax that
remains in effect. Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liability with respect to income, franchise or similar Taxes that
accrued on or before December 31, 2015 in excess of the amounts accrued with respect thereto that are reflected in the consolidated
financial statements of United as of December 31, 2015. As of the date hereof, neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries has any
knowledge of any conditions that exist that might prevent or impede the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning
of Section 368(a) of the Code.

(r) Risk Management Instruments. Neither United nor any of its Subsidiaries are parties to any interest rate swaps, caps, floors,
option agreements, futures and forward contracts and other similar risk management arrangements, whether entered into for United’s own
account, or for the account of one or more of United’s Subsidiaries or their customers.

(s) Books and Records. The books and records of United and its Subsidiaries have been fully, properly and accurately
maintained in all material respects, and there are no material inaccuracies or discrepancies of any kind contained or reflected therein, and
they fairly reflect the substance of events and transactions included therein.

(t) Insurance. United Previously Disclosed a list of all of the insurance policies, binders, or bonds maintained by United or its
Subsidiaries. United and its Subsidiaries are insured with insurers believed to be reputable against such risks and in such amounts as the
management of United reasonably has determined to be prudent in accordance with industry practices. All such insurance policies are in
full force and effect; United and its Subsidiaries are not in material default thereunder; and all claims thereunder have been filed in due and
timely fashion.

(u) Opinion of Financial Advisor. The board of directors of United has received the opinion (which, if initially rendered
verbally, has been or will be confirmed by a written opinion, dated the same date) of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc., to the effect that, as
of the date of such opinion, and based upon and subject to
 

A-30



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 188/233

Table of Contents

factors, assumptions and limitations set forth therein, the Exchange Ratio to be paid to the holders of Cardinal Common Stock is fair, from
a financial point of view, to United. Such opinion has not been amended or rescinded as of the date of this Agreement.

(v) Loan Matters.

(i) Each United Loan currently outstanding (A) is evidenced by notes, agreements or other evidences of indebtedness
that are true, genuine and what they purport to be, (B) to the extent secured, has been secured by valid liens that have been perfected and
(C) to the knowledge of United, is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the obligor named therein, enforceable in accordance with its
terms (except in all cases as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, receivership,
conservatorship, moratorium or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and except that the availability of the
equitable remedy of specific performance or injunctive relief is subject to the discretion of the court before which any proceeding may be
brought). The notes or other credit or security documents with respect to each such outstanding United Loan were executed and delivered
in compliance in all respects with all applicable laws at the time of origination or purchase by United and are complete and correct in all
respects.

(ii) Each outstanding United Loan was solicited and originated, and is and has been administered and, where applicable,
serviced, and the relevant United Loan files are being maintained, in all respects in accordance with the relevant notes or other credit or
security documents, United’s written underwriting standards and with all applicable requirements of applicable laws.

(w) Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. The ALLL reflected in the most recent United financial statements was in
compliance with United’s existing methodology for determining the adequacy of its ALLL and in compliance in all material respects with
the standards established by the applicable Regulatory Authority, the Financial Accounting Standards Board and GAAP.

(x) Assets. United or its Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to those assets reflected in the most recent United financial
statements as being owned by United or acquired after the date thereof (except assets sold or otherwise disposed of since the date thereof
in the ordinary course of business), free and clear of all liens, except Permitted Liens. United is the lessee of all leasehold estates reflected
in the latest United financial statements, free and clear of all liens of any nature whatsoever, except for Permitted Liens, and is in
possession of the properties purported to be leased thereunder, and each such lease is valid without default thereunder by the lessee or, to
the knowledge of United, the lessor. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of United, threatened condemnation or eminent domain
proceedings against any real property that is owned or leased by United. United owns or leases all properties as are necessary to its
operations now conducted.

(y) Representations and Warranties of United with Respect to Merger Sub.

(i) Organization, Standing and Authority. Merger Sub is duly organized and validly existing in good standing under the
laws of the state of its organization, and is duly qualified to do business and in good standing in the jurisdictions where its ownership or
leasing of property or the conduct of its business requires it to be so qualified. Merger Sub is a bank holding company duly registered
under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended.

(ii) Power. Merger Sub has the power and authority to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Agreement
and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(iii) Authority. This Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been authorized by all requisite action on
the part of Merger Sub and its respective subsidiaries or members. This Agreement is a
 

A-31



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 189/233

Table of Contents

valid and legally binding agreement of Merger Sub enforceable in accordance with its terms (except as enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, fraudulent transfer and similar laws of general applicability relating to or
affecting creditors’ rights or by general equity principles).

ARTICLE VII

Covenants

7.01 Reasonable Best Efforts. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Cardinal and United agrees to use its
reasonable best efforts in good faith to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
desirable, or advisable under applicable laws, so as to permit consummation of the Merger as promptly as practicable and otherwise to
enable consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and shall cooperate fully with the other party hereto to that end. Each of
Cardinal and United hereby agrees to use its reasonable best efforts in good faith to implement the employment and other benefit
arrangements set forth on Section 7.01 of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule as soon as practicable following the execution of this
Agreement.

7.02 Stockholder Approvals.

(a) Cardinal agrees to take, in accordance with applicable law and the Cardinal Certificate and the Cardinal Bylaws, all action
necessary to convene an appropriate meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote upon the approval of this Agreement and any other
matters required to be approved by Cardinal’s stockholders for consummation of the Merger (including any adjournment or postponement,
the “Cardinal Meeting”), as promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective. The Cardinal Board will
recommend that the Cardinal stockholders approve and adopt the Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, provided that the
Cardinal Board may fail to make such recommendation, or withdraw, modify or change any such recommendation, if the Cardinal Board,
after having consulted with and considered the advice of outside counsel, has determined that the making of such recommendation, or the
failure to withdraw, modify or change such recommendation, would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of
the members of the Cardinal Board under applicable law.

(b) United agrees to take, in accordance with applicable law and the United Certificate and the United Bylaws, all action
necessary to convene an appropriate meeting of its stockholders to consider and vote upon (i) the United Certificate Amendment and (ii)
the issuance of the Merger Consideration pursuant to NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635 and pursuant to Sections 31D-6-621 and 31D-11-1104
of the WVBCA, with respect to issuing the Merger Consideration and approving the Merger, and any other matters required to be
approved by United’s stockholders for consummation of the Merger and the transactions contemplated by the Agreement (including any
adjournment or postponement, the “United Meeting”), as promptly as practicable after the Registration Statement is declared effective. The
United Board will recommend that the United stockholders approve (i) the United Certificate Amendment and (ii) the issuance of the
Merger Consideration and, as necessary, the transactions contemplated by the Agreement, provided that the United Board may fail to make
such a recommendation, or withdraw, modify or change any such recommendation, if the United Board, after having consulted with and
considered the advice of outside counsel, has determined that the making of such recommendation, or the failure to withdraw, modify or
change such recommendation, would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of the fiduciary duties of the members of the United
Board under applicable law.

(c) Cardinal and United shall use their reasonable best efforts to hold their respective stockholder meetings on the same date
and as close in time to the Effective Date as reasonably practicable.
 

A-32



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 190/233

Table of Contents

7.03 Registration Statement.

(a) United agrees to prepare a registration statement on Form S-4 (the “Registration Statement”) to be filed by United with the
SEC in connection with the issuance of United Common Stock in the Merger (including the prospectus of United and proxy solicitation
materials of United and Cardinal constituting a part thereof (the “Proxy Statement”) and all related documents). Cardinal and United agree
to cooperate, and to cause their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, to cooperate, with the other and its counsel and its accountants in the
preparation of the Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement. United agrees to file the Registration Statement (including the Proxy
Statement in preliminary form) with the SEC as promptly as reasonably practicable and in any event within 120 days from the date of this
Agreement. Each of Cardinal and United agrees to use all reasonable efforts to cause the Registration Statement to be declared effective
under the Securities Act as promptly as reasonably practicable after filing thereof. United also agrees to use all reasonable efforts to obtain,
prior to the effective date of the Registration Statement, all necessary state securities law or “Blue Sky” permits and approvals required to
carry out the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of United and Cardinal agrees to furnish to the other party all information
concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, officers, directors and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable
or as may be reasonably requested in connection with the Registration Statement, Proxy Statement or any other statement, filing, notice or
application made by or on behalf of United, Cardinal or their respective Subsidiaries, as applicable, to any Governmental Authority in
connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Cardinal shall have the right to review and consult
with United and approve the form of, and any characterization of such information included in, the Registration Statement prior to its
being filed with the SEC.

(b) Each of Cardinal and United agrees, as to itself and its Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, that none of the information
supplied or to be supplied by it for inclusion or incorporation by reference in (i) the Registration Statement will, at the time the
Registration Statement and each amendment or supplement thereto, if any, becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading, and (ii) the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement thereto will, at the date of mailing to stockholders and at the
time of the Cardinal Meeting, as the case may be, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required
to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not misleading or any statement which, in the light of the circumstances
under which such statement is made, will be false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or which will omit to state any material
fact necessary in order to make the statements therein not false or misleading or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier statement
in the Proxy Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto. Each of Cardinal and United further agrees that if it shall become aware
prior to the date of the Cardinal Meeting or United Meeting, as the case may be, of any information furnished by it that would cause any of
the statements in the Proxy Statement to be false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or to omit to state any material fact
necessary to make the statements therein not false or misleading, to promptly inform the other party thereof and to take the necessary steps
to correct the Proxy Statement.

(c) United agrees to advise Cardinal, promptly after United receives notice thereof, of the time when the Registration Statement
has become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, of the issuance of any stop order or the suspension of the
qualification of United Stock for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, of the initiation or threat of any proceeding for any such purpose, or of
any request by the SEC for the amendment or supplement of the Registration Statement or for additional information.

7.04 Access; Information.

(a) Each of Cardinal and United agrees that upon reasonable notice and subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of
information, it shall afford the other party and the other party’s officers, employees, counsel, accountants and other authorized
representatives, such access during normal business hours throughout the period prior to the Effective Time to the books, records
(including, without limitation, Tax Returns and work papers of independent auditors), properties, personnel and to such other information
as any party may reasonably
 

A-33



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 191/233

Table of Contents

request and, during such period, it shall furnish promptly to such other party (i) a copy of each material report, schedule and other
document filed by it pursuant to the requirements of federal or state securities laws, and (ii) all other information concerning the business,
properties and personnel of it as the other may reasonably request. Neither United or its Subsidiaries nor Cardinal or its Subsidiaries shall
be required to provide access to or to disclose information where such access or disclosure would jeopardize the attorney-client privilege
of United, Cardinal or their respective Subsidiaries, as the case may be, or contravene any applicable law or regulation or binding contract,
agreement or arrangement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement; and in any such event, the parties will make appropriate
substitute disclosure arrangements.

(b) Each of Cardinal and United agrees that it will not, and will cause its representatives not to, use any information obtained
pursuant to this Section 7.04 (as well as any other information obtained prior to the date hereof in connection with the entering into of this
Agreement) for any purpose unrelated to the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Subject to the requirements of law, each party will keep confidential, and will cause its representatives to keep confidential, all information
and documents obtained pursuant to this Section 7.04 (as well as any other information obtained prior to the date hereof in connection with
the entering into of this Agreement) unless such information (i) was already known to such party, (ii) becomes available to such party from
other sources not known by such party to be bound by a confidentiality obligation, (iii) is disclosed with the prior written approval of the
party to which such information pertains or (iv) is or becomes readily ascertainable from published information or trade sources. In the
event that this Agreement is terminated or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall otherwise fail to be consummated, each
party shall promptly cause all copies of documents or extracts thereof containing information and data as to another party hereto to be
returned to the party that furnished the same. No investigation by either party of the business and affairs of the other shall affect or be
deemed to modify or waive any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement in this Agreement, or the conditions to either party’s
obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(c) During the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, each party shall promptly furnish the other with
copies of all monthly and other interim financial statements produced in the ordinary course of business as the same shall become
available.

(d) The provisions of this Section 7.04 are in addition to, and not in lieu of, those certain confidentiality agreements dated May
23, 2016 and August 10, 2016, between United and Cardinal (the “Confidentiality Agreement”), the terms of which are specifically
confirmed.

7.05 Acquisition Proposals. Cardinal agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and its officers, directors, agents,
advisors and affiliates not to, solicit or encourage inquiries or proposals with respect to, or engage in any negotiations concerning, or
provide any confidential information to, or have any discussions with any person relating to, any Acquisition Proposal. It shall
immediately cease and cause to be terminated any activities, discussions or negotiations conducted prior to the date of this Agreement with
any parties other than United with respect to any of the foregoing and shall use its reasonable best efforts to enforce any confidentiality or
similar agreement relating to an Acquisition Proposal. Cardinal will inform United promptly of all relevant details of any inquiries or
contacts by third parties relating to the possible disposition of the business or the capital stock of Cardinal or any merger, change or control
or other business combination involving Cardinal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained in this Section 7.05 shall prohibit
Cardinal, prior to the Cardinal Meeting and subject to compliance with the other terms of this Section 7.05, from furnishing nonpublic
information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, any Person that makes an unsolicited, bona fide written Acquisition
Proposal with respect to Cardinal or any of its Significant Subsidiaries (that did not result from a breach of this Section 7.05), if, and only
to the extent that (i) the Cardinal Board concludes in good faith, after consultation with and based upon the advice of outside legal counsel,
that the failure to take such actions would be reasonably likely to constitute a breach of its fiduciary duties to its shareholders under
applicable law, (ii) before taking such actions, Cardinal receives from such Person an executed confidentiality agreement providing for
reasonable protection of confidential information, which confidentiality agreement shall not
 

A-34



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 192/233

Table of Contents

provide such person or entity with any exclusive right to negotiate with Cardinal and shall contain terms and conditions no less favorable
to Cardinal with respect to confidentiality than the Confidentiality Agreement, and (iii) the Cardinal Board concludes in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, that the Acquisition Proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to result
in a Superior Proposal. Cardinal shall promptly notify United in writing of Cardinal’s receipt of any such Acquisition Proposal or inquiry,
the material terms and conditions thereof, the identity of the person making such Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and will keep United
apprised of any related developments, discussions and negotiations on a current basis. Cardinal agrees that any violation of the restrictions
set forth in this Section 7.05 by any representative of Cardinal shall be deemed a breach of this Section 7.05 by Cardinal.

7.06 Takeover Laws. No party hereto shall take any action that would cause the transactions contemplated by this Agreement to be
subject to requirements imposed by any Takeover Law and each of them shall take all necessary steps within its control to exempt (or
ensure the continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by this Agreement from any applicable Takeover Law, as now or
hereafter in effect.

7.07 Exemption from Liability Under Section 16(b). United and Cardinal agree that, in order to most effectively compensate and
retain certain directors and officers of Cardinal in connection with the Merger, both prior to and after the Effective Time, it is desirable that
the directors and officers of Cardinal not be subject to a risk of liability under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act, and for that
compensatory and retentive purposes agree to the provisions of this Section 7.07. The United Board, or a committee of “Non-Employee
Directors” (as such term is defined for purposes of Rule 16b-3(d) under the Exchange Act) thereof, shall promptly, and in any event prior
to the Effective Time, take all such steps as may be necessary or appropriate to cause any dispositions of Cardinal Common Stock,
Cardinal Stock Awards, Cardinal Stock Options or acquisitions (and any subsequent dispositions) of United Common Stock or
Replacement Options by the directors and officers of Cardinal, who, immediately following the Merger, will be directors and officers of
United subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act, in each case pursuant to the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement, to be exempt from liability pursuant to Section 16(b) under the Exchange Act to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable law.

7.08 Regulatory Applications.

(a) United and Cardinal and their respective Subsidiaries and affiliates, as applicable, (a) shall cooperate and use their
respective reasonable best efforts to prepare all documentation, to effect all filings and to obtain all permits, consents, approvals and
authorizations of all third parties and Governmental Authorities necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and (b) covenant and agree that none of the information supplied or to be supplied by such party and any of its Subsidiaries
and affiliates, as applicable, for inclusion in any filings with Governmental Authorities will, at the respective time such filing is made be
false or misleading with respect to any material fact, or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of
the circumstances under which they are made not misleading. Each Party shall use its reasonable efforts to resolve objections, if any,
which may be asserted with respect to the Merger under any applicable law, regulation or decree, including agreeing to divest any assets,
deposits, lines of business or branches; provided, that United shall not be required to agree to any condition or take any action if such
agreements or the taking of such action is reasonably likely to result in any conditions or requirements applicable either before or after the
Effective Time that the United Board reasonably determines in good faith would have a Material Adverse Effect on United and its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole taking into account the consummation of the Merger in making such determination (a “Materially
Burdensome Regulatory Condition”). Each of United and Cardinal shall have the right to review in advance, and to the extent practicable
each will consult with the other, in each case subject to applicable laws relating to the exchange of information, with respect to, all
material written information submitted to any third party or any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. In exercising the foregoing right, each of the parties hereto agrees to act reasonably and as promptly as practicable and,
in any event, United shall make all necessary filings and provide any necessary notices within 120 days of the date of this
Agreement. Each party hereto agrees that it will
 

A-35



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 193/233

Table of Contents

consult with the other party hereto with respect to the obtaining of all material permits, consents, approvals and authorizations of all third
parties and Governmental Authorities necessary or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and each
party will keep the other party apprised of the status of material matters relating to completion of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including advising the other party upon receiving any communication from a Governmental Authority the consent or approval of which is
required for the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement that causes such party to believe
that there is a reasonable likelihood that any required consent or approval from a Governmental Authority will not be obtained or that the
receipt of such consent or approval may be materially delayed (a “Regulatory Communication”). Upon the receipt of a Regulatory
Communication, without limiting the scope of the foregoing paragraphs, United shall, to the extent permitted by applicable law (i)
promptly advise Cardinal of the receipt of any substantive communication from a Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby, (ii) provide Cardinal with a reasonable opportunity to participate in the preparation of any response thereto and the
preparation of any other substantive submission or communication to any Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions
contemplated hereby and to review any such response, submission or communication prior to the filing or submission thereof, and (iii)
provide Cardinal with the opportunity to participate in any meetings or substantive telephone conversations that United or its Subsidiaries
or their respective representatives may have from time to time with any Governmental Authority with respect to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(b) Each party agrees, upon request, to furnish the other party with all information concerning itself, its Subsidiaries, directors,
officers and stockholders and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with any filing, notice or
application made by or on behalf of such other party or any of its Subsidiaries to any third party or Governmental Authority.

7.09 Indemnification.

(a) Following the Effective Date and for a period of six years thereafter, United shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless the
present directors, officers and employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries (each, an “Indemnified Party”) against all costs or expenses
(including reasonable attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, losses, claims, damages or liabilities (collectively, “Costs”) incurred in connection
with any claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, arising out of actions or
omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), whether asserted or
claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time to the fullest extent that Cardinal is permitted or required to indemnify (and advance
expenses to) its directors and officers under the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia, the Cardinal Certificate, the Cardinal Bylaws and
any agreement as in effect on the date hereof; provided that any determination required to be made with respect to whether an officer’s,
director’s or employee’s conduct complies with the standards set forth under Virginia law, the Cardinal Certificate, the Cardinal Bylaws
and any agreement shall be made by independent counsel (which shall not be counsel that provides material services to United) selected by
United and reasonably acceptable to such officer or director. United shall comply with any indemnification agreements between Cardinal
or its Subsidiaries on the one hand, and their respective directors and officers on the other hand; provided, however, that each of Cardinal
and its Subsidiaries, as applicable, agrees to exercise its reasonable best efforts to obtain amendments to each indemnification agreement
applicable to it prior to the Effective Date so that terms of any such agreement aligns with the time periods set forth in this Section 7.09.

(b) For a period of six years from and after the Effective Time, United shall (i) maintain in effect (A) the current provisions
regarding indemnification of and the advancement of expenses to Indemnified Parties contained in the Cardinal Certificate and Cardinal
Bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) of each of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries and (B) any indemnification agreements of
Cardinal and its Subsidiaries with or for the benefit of any Indemnified Parties existing on the date hereof, and (ii) indemnify the
Indemnified Parties to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law. For purposes of the foregoing: (i) in the event any claim is asserted
within the six year period during which Cardinal and its Subsidiaries, (A) all such rights in respect of any such
 

A-36



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 194/233

Table of Contents

claim shall continue until disposition thereof and (B) the Indemnified Party shall be entitled to advancement of expenses within five
business days following receipt of any such claim involving such Indemnified Party; and (ii) any determination required to be made with
respect to whether an Indemnified Party’s conduct complies with the standards set forth under VSCA, the Cardinal Certificate or Cardinal
Bylaws or any such agreement, as the case may be, for purposes of the allowance of indemnification or advancement of expenses, shall be
made by independent legal counsel selected by such Indemnified Party and reasonably acceptable to United. The fees and expenses of
such independent legal counsel shall be paid for by United.

(c) For a period of six years from the Effective Time, United shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide that portion of
director’s and officer’s liability insurance that serves to reimburse the present and former officers and directors of Cardinal or any of its
Subsidiaries (determined as of the Effective Time) (as opposed to Cardinal) with respect to claims against such directors and officers
arising from facts or events which occurred before the Effective Time, which insurance shall contain at least the same coverage and
amounts, and contain terms and conditions no less advantageous, as that coverage currently provided by Cardinal; provided, that in no
event shall United be required to expend, on an annual basis, more than 200% of the current annual amount expended by Cardinal (the
“Insurance Amount”) to maintain or procure such directors and officers insurance coverage; provided, further, that if United is unable to
maintain or obtain the insurance called for by this Section 7.09(c), United shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as much
comparable insurance as is available for the Insurance Amount; provided, further, that officers and directors of Cardinal or any Subsidiary
may be required to make application and provide customary representations and warranties to United’s insurance carrier for the purpose of
obtaining such insurance.

(d) Any Indemnified Party wishing to claim indemnification under Section 7.09(a), upon learning of any claim, action, suit,
proceeding or investigation described above, shall promptly notify United thereof; provided that the failure so to notify shall not affect the
obligations of United under Section 7.09(a) unless and to the extent that United is actually prejudiced as a result of such failure.

(e) If United or any of its successors or assigns shall consolidate with or merge into any other entity and shall not be the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or shall transfer all or substantially all of its assets to any entity, then and in
each case, proper provision shall be made so that the successors and assigns of United shall assume the obligations set forth in this
Section 7.09.

(f) The provisions of this Section 7.09, (i) shall survive the Effective Time and are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable by, each Indemnified Party and his or her heirs and representatives, and (ii) are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any
other rights to indemnification or contribution that any such person may have by agreement or otherwise.

7.10 Benefit Plans.

(a) At and following the Effective Time (i) United shall provide employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries with employee
benefit plans substantially similar to those provided to similarly situated employees of United, except with respect to the United Pension
Plan, (ii) United shall cause any and all pre-existing condition limitations (to the extent such limitations did not apply to a pre-existing
condition under the Compensation and Benefit Plans) and eligibility waiting periods under group health plans to be waived with respect to
such employees and their eligible dependents, and (iii) all employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries shall receive credit for years of
service with Cardinal, its Subsidiaries and their predecessors prior to the Effective Time for purposes of eligibility and vesting (but not for
purposes of benefit accrual other than accrual for vacation; provided, that, in accordance with United’s policies, no vacation or paid time
off shall thereafter be carried over into a subsequent calendar year except that employees who are retained by United shall be permitted to
carry over vacation until the end of 2018 and employees who are not retained by United shall be paid for unused vacation) under United’s
benefit plans, except with respect to the United Pension Plan. All employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries and their eligible dependents
will receive credit for co-payments, deductibles and out-of-pocket maximums satisfied by such employees and dependents under the
Compensation and Benefit
 

A-37



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 195/233

Table of Contents

Plans. Except as provided in this Agreement, United shall maintain Cardinal’s and its Subsidiaries’ existing employee benefit plans until
such time as United has provided similar plans to employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries as contemplated in the preceding sentence.
Employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries shall not be entitled to accrual of benefits or allocation of contributions under United’s benefit
plans based on years of service with Cardinal, its Subsidiaries and their predecessors prior to the Effective Date, except with respect to any
vacation accrual.

(b) Except for employees of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries with individual agreements that provide for payment of severance
under certain circumstances (who will be paid severance only in accordance with such agreements and shall not have a right to employer-
paid outplacement services), United agrees that each employee of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries who is involuntarily terminated by United
or any of its Subsidiaries (other than for cause) on or within the time period set forth on Section 7.10(b) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule,
shall receive (i) a severance payment equal to the amounts set forth on Section 7.10(b) of Cardinal’s Disclosure Schedule, but only if such
employee does not have rights to a severance payment under an employment agreement, in which case no severance payment shall be
made to such employee hereunder, and (ii) outplacement services through the date that is set forth on Section 7.10(b) of Cardinal’s
Disclosure Schedule by an outplacement agency selected by United.

(c) Cardinal shall cause its 401(k) plan to be fully vested and terminated effective immediately prior to or upon the Effective
Time, in accordance with applicable law and regulations, and Cardinal shall pursue, in United’s sole discretion, the receipt of a favorable
determination letter from the IRS relating to such termination. Each employee of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries that is a participant in
Cardinal’s 401(k) plan, and that becomes an eligible employee of United or its Subsidiaries following the Effective Time, shall be eligible
to participate in United’s 401(k) plan as soon as administratively practical, in accordance with the terms and conditions of United’s 401(k)
plan, after the Effective Time, and, account balances under Cardinal’s terminated 401(k) plan will be eligible for distribution or rollover, in
accordance with the terms and conditions of the United 401(k) plan and applicable law and regulation, including direct rollover of cash
and, provided that Cardinal’s terminated 401(k) plan was validly amended prior to termination to provide for (A) roll out of promissory
notes, (B) a period of time during which plan termination does not cause immediate loan default, (C) in-kind distribution of promissory
notes, and (D) such other plan provisions as are required for rollout of promissory notes, direct rollover of promissory notes to United’s
401(k) plan, for each such employee in his or her discretion. Any other former employee of Cardinal or its Subsidiaries that is employed
by United or its Subsidiaries after the Effective Time shall be eligible to be a participant in United’s 401(k) plan upon complying with
eligibility requirements. For purposes of administering United’s 401(k) plan, service with Cardinal and its Subsidiaries shall be deemed to
be service with United for participation and vesting purposes, but not for purposes of benefit accrual. United shall take all required actions
to assume as of the Effective Time all obligations under Cardinal’s Executive Deferred Income Plan, the George Mason Mortgage, LLC
Executive Deferred Income Plan and Cardinal’s Non-Employee Directors Deferral Plan; provided, that United shall be under no obligation
to permit further contributions to such plans after the Effective Time.

(d) Each of United, Cardinal and the key employees of Cardinal, as the case may be, will enter into agreements concerning their
employment with United and related matters after the Effective Time in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in Section
7.10(d) of the Cardinal Disclosure Schedule. At and following the Effective Time, United shall honor, and United shall be obligated to
perform, or shall cause its Subsidiaries to honor and perform, in accordance with their terms and applicable law, the contractual rights of
Employees, Consultants and Directors of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries existing as of the Effective Time.

7.11 Notification of Certain Matters. Each of Cardinal and United shall give prompt notice to the other of any fact, event or
circumstance known to it that (i) is reasonably likely, individually or taken together with all other facts, events and circumstances known
to it, to result in any Material Adverse Effect with respect to it or (ii) would cause or constitute a material breach of any of its
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements contained herein.
 

A-38



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 196/233

Table of Contents

7.12 Directors.

(a) United shall take all appropriate action so that as of the Effective Time the number of directors constituting the United
Board shall be increased by one and Bernard H. Clineburg shall be appointed as a director of United. United will nominate Bernard H.
Clineburg for election as a director at the annual meeting of United immediately following the Effective Time and solicit proxies for
Bernard H. Clineburg in the same manner as it does for all other members of United’s slate of directors in connection with such meeting.

(b) United shall take all appropriate action so that as of the Effective Time the number of directors constituting the board of
directors of United Bank shall be increased by two and two individuals from Cardinal shall be appointed to the board of directors of
United Bank. The individuals chosen by Cardinal to serve as directors of United Bank shall be subject to the consent of the United Board,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.13 Compliance with Laws. Each of Cardinal and its Subsidiaries shall comply in all material respects with all applicable federal,
state, local and foreign statutes, laws, regulations, ordinances, rules, judgments, orders or decrees applicable thereto or to employees
conducting such businesses.

7.14 Operating Functions. Cardinal shall cooperate with United and Merger Sub in connection with planning for the efficient and
orderly combination of the parties and the operation of United and Merger Sub (including the former operations of Cardinal) after the
Merger, and in preparing for the consolidation of appropriate operating functions to be effective on the Effective Time or such later date as
United may decide. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) neither United nor Merger Sub shall under any circumstance be permitted to
exercise control of Cardinal prior to the Effective Time, (b) Cardinal shall not be under any obligation to act in a manner that could
reasonably be deemed to constitute anti-competitive behavior under federal or state antitrust laws and (c) Cardinal shall not be required to
agree to any material obligation that is not contingent upon the consummation of the Merger.

7.15 Assumption of TRUPs. United acknowledges that Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I hold subordinated
debentures issued by Cardinal and has issued preferred securities which are intended to be “qualified trust preferred securities” as defined
in applicable regulatory capital guidelines, or which are eligible for such treatment as grandfathered trust preferred securities. United
agrees that at the Effective Time, it shall expressly assume all of Cardinal’s obligations under the indentures relating to such subordinated
debentures (including, without limitation, being substituted for Cardinal) and execute any and all documents, instruments and agreements,
including any supplemental indentures, guarantees, or declarations of trust required by said indentures, the subordinated debentures or the
trust preferred securities issued by Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I, or as may reasonably be requested by the trustees
thereunder, and thereafter shall perform all of Cardinal’s obligations with respect to the subordinated debentures and the trust preferred
securities issued by Cardinal Statutory Trust I and UFBC Capital Trust I (the “TRUPs Assumption”).

ARTICLE VIII

Conditions to Consummation of the Merger

8.01 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each of United and Cardinal to
consummate the Merger is subject to the fulfillment or written waiver by United and Cardinal prior to the Effective Time of each of the
following conditions:

(a) Stockholder Approval. This Agreement and any other matters required to be approved by Cardinal’s stockholders for
consummation of the Merger shall have been duly approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders of Cardinal, and the United
Certificate Amendment, this Agreement and any other matters required to be approved by United’s stockholders for the consummation of
the Merger (including the issuance of the Merger Consideration) shall have been duly approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders of
United.
 

A-39



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 197/233

Table of Contents

(b) Regulatory Approvals. All regulatory approvals required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby shall have
been obtained and shall remain in full force and effect and all statutory waiting periods in respect thereof shall have expired and no such
approvals shall contain any Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition.

(c) No Injunction. No Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or
entered any statute, rule, regulation, judgment, decree, injunction or other order (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in
effect and prohibits consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(d) Registration Statement. The Registration Statement shall have become effective under the Securities Act and no stop order
suspending the effectiveness of the Registration Statement shall have been issued and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been
initiated or threatened by the SEC.

(e) Listing. The shares of United Common Stock to be issued in the Merger shall have been approved for listing on the
NASDAQ, subject to official notice of issuance.

(f) TRUPs Assumption. United shall have executed and delivered, subject to the effectiveness of the Merger, all supplemental
and amended documents required to be executed by United to effect the TRUPs Assumption.

8.02 Conditions to Obligation of Cardinal. The obligation of Cardinal to consummate the Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or
written waiver by Cardinal prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of United set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct, subject to the standard set forth in Section 6.02, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as though made on
and as of the Effective Date (except that representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date), and Cardinal shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on
behalf of United by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of United to such effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of United. United shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and Cardinal shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective
Date, signed on behalf of United by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of United to such effect.

(c) Opinion of Cardinal’s Counsel. Cardinal shall have received an opinion of LeClairRyan, counsel to Cardinal, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to Cardinal, dated the Effective Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, the Merger will be treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368 of the Code. In
rendering its opinion, LeClairRyan may require and rely upon representations contained in letters from Cardinal, United, officers and
employees of Cardinal or United, and others, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to it.

8.03 Conditions to Obligation of United. The obligation of United to consummate the Merger is also subject to the fulfillment or
written waiver by United prior to the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Cardinal set forth in this Agreement shall be true and
correct, subject to the standard set forth in Section 6.02, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Effective Date as though made on
and as of the Effective Date (except that representations and warranties that by their terms speak as of the date of this Agreement or some
other date shall be true and correct as of such date) and United shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective Date, signed on behalf
of Cardinal by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Cardinal to such effect.
 

A-40



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 198/233

Table of Contents

(b) Performance of Obligations of Cardinal. Cardinal shall have performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time, and United shall have received a certificate, dated the Effective
Date, signed on behalf of Cardinal by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer of Cardinal to such effect.

(c) Opinion of United’s Counsel. United shall have received an opinion of Bowles Rice LLP, counsel to United, in form and
substance reasonably satisfactory to United, dated the Effective Date, to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and
assumptions set forth in such opinion, the Merger will be treated as a “reorganization” under Section 368 of the Code. In rendering its
opinion, Bowles Rice LLP may require and rely upon representations contained in letters from United, Cardinal, officers and employees of
United or Cardinal, and others, reasonably satisfactory in form and substance to it.

(d) Agreements with Certain Key Employees of Cardinal. The agreements with certain key employees of Cardinal concerning
their employment with United and related matters after the Effective Time as set forth on Section 7.10(d) of Cardinal’s Disclosure
Schedule have been memorialized in binding, written agreements entered into by the key employees and none of the key employees has
taken any action on or before the Effective Time to materially breach or to cancel or terminate any such agreements.

ARTICLE IX

Termination

9.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated, and the Merger may be abandoned:

(a) Mutual Consent. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by the mutual consent of United and Cardinal, if the board of
directors of each so determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire board of directors.

(b) Breach. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by United or Cardinal (provided that the party seeking termination is not
then in material breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained herein), if its board of directors so
determines by vote of a majority of the members of its entire board of directors, in the event of either: (i) a breach by the other party of any
representation or warranty contained herein (subject to the standard set forth in Section 6.02), which breach cannot be or has not been
cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching party of such breach; or (ii) a material breach by the other party of
any of the covenants or agreements contained herein, which material breach cannot be or has not been cured within 30 days after the
giving of written notice to the breaching party of such breach.

(c) Delay. At any time prior to the Effective Time, by United or Cardinal, if its board of directors so determines by vote of a
majority of the members of such party’s entire board of directors, in the event that the Merger is not consummated by August 31, 2017,
except to the extent that the failure of the Merger then to be consummated arises out of or results from the knowing action or inaction of
the party seeking to terminate pursuant to this Section 9.01(c).

(d) Failure of United Conditions. By United in the event that any of the conditions precedent to the obligations of United to
consummate the Merger contained in Sections 8.03(a), 8.03(b) and 8.03(d) cannot be satisfied or fulfilled by the date specified in Section
9.01(c) (provided that the failure of such condition to be satisfied or fulfilled is not a result of United’s failure to perform, in any material
respect, any of its covenants or agreements contained in this Agreement or the breach by United of any of its material representations or
warranties contained in this Agreement).

(e) Failure of Cardinal Conditions. By Cardinal in the event that any of the conditions precedent to the obligations of Cardinal
to consummate the Merger contained in Sections 8.02(a) or 8.02(b) cannot be satisfied or
 

A-41



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 199/233

Table of Contents

fulfilled by the date specified in Section 9.01(c) (provided that the failure of such condition to be satisfied or fulfilled is not a result of
Cardinal’s breach of Section 7.02, 7.03 or 7.05, Cardinal’s failure to perform, in any material respect, any of its covenants or agreements
contained in this Agreement or the breach by Cardinal of any of its material representations or warranties contained in this Agreement).

(f) No Approval. By Cardinal or United, if its board of directors so determines by a vote of a majority of the members of its
entire board of directors, in the event (i) (A) final action has been taken by any Governmental Authority whose approval is required for
consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, which final action has become nonappealable
and does not approve this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby, or such Governmental Authority has approved of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby with a Materially Burdensome Regulatory Condition, or (B) any Governmental
Authority whose approval or nonobjection is required in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby has
stated that it will not issue the required approval or nonobjection, or (ii) any stockholder approval required by Section 8.01(a) herein is not
obtained at the Cardinal Meeting or the United Meeting.

(g) Failure to Recommend, Etc.

(i) At any time prior to the Cardinal Meeting, by United if the Cardinal Board shall have failed to make its
recommendation referred to in Section 7.02, withdrawn such recommendation or modified or changed such recommendation in a manner
adverse in any respect to the interests of United.

(ii) At any time prior to the United Meeting, by Cardinal if the United Board shall have failed to make its
recommendation referred to in Section 7.02, withdrawn such recommendation or modified or changed such recommendation in a manner
adverse in any respect to the interests of Cardinal.

(h) Superior Proposal. By Cardinal, if the Cardinal Board so determines by a vote of the majority of the members of its entire
board, at any time prior to the Cardinal Meeting, in order to concurrently enter into an agreement with respect to an Acquisition Proposal
that was received and considered by Cardinal in compliance with Section 7.05 and (i) that would, if consummated, result in a transaction
that is more favorable to Cardinal’s stockholders from a financial point of view than the Merger and (ii) is fully financed or reasonably
capable of being fully financed and reasonably likely to receive all required approvals of Governmental Authorities on a timely basis and
otherwise reasonably capable of being completed on the terms proposed (a “Superior Proposal”); provided, that (i) this Agreement may be
terminated by Cardinal pursuant to this Section 9.01(h) only after the fifth business day following United’s receipt of written notice from
Cardinal advising United that Cardinal is prepared to enter into an agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal and only if, during such
five business day period, United does not make an offer to Cardinal that the Cardinal Board determines in good faith, after consultation
with its financial and legal advisors, is at least as favorable as the Superior Proposal and (ii) Cardinal pays the Fee specified in
Section 9.03.

(i) Decline in United Common Stock Price. By Cardinal, if the Cardinal Board so determines by a vote of the majority of the
members of the entire Cardinal Board, at any time during the five-day period commencing with the Determination Date, if both of the
following conditions are satisfied:

(i) The number obtained by dividing the Determination Date Average Closing Price by the Starting Price (as defined
below) (the “United Ratio”) shall be less than 0.80; and

(ii) (x) the United Ratio shall be less than (y) the number obtained by dividing the Final Index Price by the Index Price
on the Starting Date (each as defined below) and subtracting 0.15 from the quotient in this clause (ii) (y) (such number in this clause
(ii) (y) being referred to herein as, the “Index Ratio”);

subject, however, to the following three sentences. If Cardinal elects to exercise its termination right pursuant to this
Section 9.01(i), it shall give written notice to United (provided that such notice of election to
 

A-42



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 200/233

Table of Contents

terminate may be withdrawn at any time within the aforementioned five-day period). During the five-day period commencing with its
receipt of such notice, United shall have the option to increase the consideration to be received by the holders of Cardinal Common Stock
hereunder, by adjusting the Exchange Ratio (calculated to the nearest one one-thousandth) to equal the lesser of (x) a number (rounded to
the nearest one one-thousandth) obtained by dividing (A) the product of the Starting Price, 0.80 and the Exchange Ratio (as then in effect)
by (B) the Determination Date Average Closing Price and (y) a number (rounded to the nearest one one-thousandth) obtained by dividing
(A) the product of the Index Ratio and the Exchange Ratio (as then in effect) by (B) the United Ratio. If United so elects within such five-
day period, it shall give prompt written notice to Cardinal of such election and the revised Exchange Ratio, whereupon no termination
shall have occurred pursuant to this Section 9.01(i) and this Agreement shall remain in effect in accordance with its terms (except as the
Exchange Ratio shall have been so modified).

For purposes of this Section 9.01(i), the following terms shall have the meanings indicated:

“Determination Date” shall mean the latest of (i) the date on which the last approval, consent or waiver of any Governmental
Authority required to permit the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is received and all statutory waiting
periods in respect thereof shall have expired; (ii) the latest date on which the stockholder approvals of both Cardinal and United set forth in
Section 7.02 are received; or (iii) the date scheduled to integrate Cardinal’s data processing systems with United’s data processing systems,
so long as all conditions set forth in Article VIII have been satisfied (which date shall be identified by the parties in writing as soon as
practicable after the date hereof).

“Determination Date Average Closing Price” means the average of the per share closing prices of a share of United Common
Stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market (as reported in The Wall Street Journal, or if not reported therein, in another authoritative
source) during the 20 consecutive full trading days ending on the trading day prior to the Determination Date.

“Final Index Price” shall mean the average of the Index Prices for the 20 consecutive full trading days ending on the trading
day prior to the Determination Date.

“Index Group” shall mean the NASDAQ Bank Index (IBIX).

“Index Price” shall mean the closing price on such date of the Index Group.

“Starting Date” shall mean the last trading day immediately preceding the date of the first public announcement of entry into
this Agreement.

“Starting Price” shall mean the closing price of a share of United Common Stock on the NASDAQ (as reported in The Wall
Street Journal, or if not reported therein, in another authoritative source) on the Starting Date.

9.02 Effect of Termination and Abandonment. In the event of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger
pursuant to this Article IX, no party to this Agreement shall have any liability or further obligation to any other party hereunder except
(i) as set forth in Section 9.03, (ii) that termination will not relieve a breaching party from liability for any willful breach of this Agreement
giving rise to such termination, and (iii) Sections 7.03(b), 7.04(b), 9.02, 9.03, 10.05, 10.06, 10.07, 10.08, 10.09 and 10.10 shall survive any
termination of this Agreement.

9.03 Fees and Expenses.

(a) In the event that, (i) this Agreement shall be terminated by Cardinal pursuant to Section 9.01(h), then Cardinal shall pay
United promptly (but in no event later than two business days after the date of termination of this Agreement by Cardinal) a fee of
$36,000,000 (the “Cardinal Fee”), which amount shall be payable in immediately available funds or (ii) this Agreement is terminated by
United pursuant to
 

A-43



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 201/233

Table of Contents

Section 9.01(g)(i), and prior to that date that is 12 months after such termination, Cardinal or any of its Subsidiaries enters into any
Acquisition Agreement or any Acquisition Proposal is consummated (regardless of whether such Acquisition Proposal is consummated
before or after termination of this Agreement), then Cardinal shall pay United the Cardinal Fee on the earlier of such date of execution or
consummation, which amount shall be payable in immediately available funds. For the purposes of this Section, “Acquisition Agreement”
shall mean any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, or other
similar agreement constituting or related to, or which is intended to or would be reasonably likely to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal. For
purposes of the foregoing, the term “Acquisition Proposal” shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of “Acquisition Proposal” in
Section 1.01 except that the references to “24.99%” shall be deemed to be references to “50.01%.” In no event shall Cardinal be required
to pay the Cardinal Fee on more than one occasion.

(b) In the event that this Agreement shall be terminated by United or Cardinal pursuant to Sections 9.01(c) or 9.01(f)(i), but
only if (i) (A) the delay in the Effective Time giving rise to the termination right under Section 9.01(c), or (B) the action or statement by a
Governmental Authority giving rise to the termination right under Section 9.01(f)(i), as applicable, arises solely because United does not
satisfy the condition to approval of a Governmental Authority requiring it to raise or obtain capital, in accordance with the terms required
by the applicable Governmental Authority, (ii) the following conditions set forth in Article VIII have been or are reasonably likely to be
satisfied: Sections 8.01(a) (but only with respect to the vote of stockholders of Cardinal), 8.01(c) (excluding for this purpose, any rule,
regulation, judgment, order, decree or other order of a Governmental Authority with respect to an approval contemplated under Section
8.01(b)), 8.03(a) and 8.03(b), (iii) Cardinal has not breached its obligations under Section 7.03, and (iv) United does not otherwise have a
right to terminate the Agreement pursuant to Sections 9.01(b) or 9.01(d), then United shall pay Cardinal promptly (but in no event later
than two business days after the date of termination of this Agreement) a fee of $13,500,000 (the “United Fee”, together with the Cardinal
Fee, the “Fees”, and each individually, a “Fee”), which amount shall be payable in immediately available funds.

(c) The agreements contained in paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 9.03 shall be deemed an integral part of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and without such agreements the parties would not have entered into this Agreement. A Fee payable
pursuant to paragraphs (a) and (b) of this Section 9.03 shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of United and Cardinal, respectively, in the
event such Fee is payable as specified therein. In the event that Cardinal or United, as applicable, shall fail to pay a Fee when due, then
such party shall pay such Fee plus the costs and expenses actually incurred by the other party (including, without limitation, fees and
expenses of counsel) in connection with the collection of such Fee under the enforcement of this Section 9.03, together with interest on
such unpaid Fee and costs and expenses, commencing on the date that such Fee became due, at a rate equal to the rate of interest publicly
announced by Citibank, N.A., from time to time, in the City of New York, as such bank’s Base Rate plus 2.00%.

ARTICLE X

Miscellaneous

10.01 Survival. No representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained in this Agreement shall survive the Effective
Time (other than Sections 2.02(b), 7.09, 7.10, and this Article X and those other covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement
that by their terms apply or are to be performed in whole or in part after the Effective Time, all of which shall survive the Effective Time).

10.02 Waiver; Amendment. Prior to the Effective Time, any provision of this Agreement may be (i) waived by the party benefited by
the provision, or (ii) amended or modified at any time, by an agreement in writing between the parties hereto executed in the same manner
as this Agreement, except that after the Cardinal Meeting, this Agreement may not be amended if it would violate the VSCA.
 

A-44



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 202/233

Table of Contents

10.03 Assignment. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective
successors and assigns, but shall not be assigned by any party without the prior written consent of the other parties.

10.04 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to constitute an
original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument
entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments or waivers hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by
means of a facsimile machine or by e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file, shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original
agreement or instrument and shall be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof
delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of a facsimile machine or e-mail delivery of
a “.pdf” format data file to deliver a signature to this Agreement or any amendment or waiver hereto or any agreement or instrument
entered into in connection with this Agreement or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated
through the use of a facsimile machine or e-mail delivery of a “.pdf” format data file as a defense to the formation of a contract and each
party hereto forever waives any such defense.

10.05 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and interpreted in accordance with, the laws of the Commonwealth of
Virginia applicable to contracts made and to be performed entirely within such State (except to the extent that mandatory provisions of
federal law are applicable). The parties hereby consent and submit to the exclusive jurisdiction and venue of any state or federal court
located in the Commonwealth of Virginia.

10.06 Expenses. Subject to the obligations of Cardinal set forth in Section 9.03, each party hereto will bear all expenses incurred by
it in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, except that printing expenses shall be shared equally
between Cardinal and United.

10.07 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications hereunder to a party shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if
personally delivered, telecopied (with confirmation) or mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested) to such party at its
address set forth below or such other address as such party may specify by notice to the parties hereto.

If to Cardinal, to:

Cardinal Financial Corporation
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500
McLean, Virginia 22207
Attention: Bernard H. Clineburg

 Christopher W. Bergstrom
With a copy to:

LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation
919 East Main Street, 24  Floor
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Facsimile: (804) 783-7621
Attention: Scott H. Richter, Esq.

If to United, to:

United Bankshares, Inc.
514 Market Street
Parkersburg, West Virginia 26101
Attention: Richard M. Adams

 W. Mark Tatterson
 

A-45

th



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 203/233

Table of Contents

With a copy to:

Bowles Rice LLP
600 Quarrier Street
Charleston, West Virginia 25301
Facsimile: (304) 343-3058
Attention: Sandra M. Murphy, Esq.

If to Merger Sub, to:

UBV Holding Company, LLC
11185 Main Street
Fairfax, Virginia 22030
Attention: Richard M. Adams

 W. Mark Tatterson

With a copy to:

Bowles Rice LLP
600 Quarrier Street
Charleston, West Virginia 25301
Facsimile: (304) 343-3058
Attention: Sandra M. Murphy, Esq.

10.08 Entire Understanding; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (including the Disclosure Schedules attached hereto
and incorporated herein) and the Confidentiality Agreement represent the entire understanding of the parties hereto with reference to the
transactions contemplated hereby and this Agreement supersedes any and all other oral or written agreements heretofore made. Except for
Section 7.09, which shall inure to the benefit of the Persons referred to in such Sections, nothing in this Agreement expressed or implied,
is intended to confer upon any person, other than the parties hereto or their respective successors, any rights, remedies, obligations or
liabilities under or by reason of this Agreement.

10.09 Severability. The provisions of this Agreement will be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision will not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application
thereof to any party or Person or any circumstance, is found by a court or other Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable provision will be substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and
enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision, and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the
application of such provision to other parties, Persons or circumstances will not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor will
such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, in any other
jurisdiction.

10.10 Disclosures. Any disclosure made in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or referred to or described in writing
in any Section of this Agreement or any schedule attached hereto shall be deemed to be disclosure for purposes of any other Section to
which the relevance of such item is reasonably apparent.

10.11 Interpretation; Effect. When a reference is made in this Agreement to Sections, Exhibits or Disclosure Schedules, such
reference shall be to a Section of, or Exhibit or Disclosure Schedule to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The Disclosure
Schedules as well as all other schedules and exhibits to this Agreement shall be deemed to be part of this Agreement and included in any
reference to this Agreement. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and are not
part of this Agreement. Whenever the words “include,” “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they
 

A-46



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 204/233

Table of Contents

shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation.” The words “hereby”, “herein”, “hereof”, “hereunder” and similar terms
refer to this Agreement as a whole and not any specific Section. Any pronoun used herein shall refer to any gender, either masculine,
feminine or neuter, as the context requires. No provision of this Agreement shall be construed to require Cardinal, United or any of their
respective Subsidiaries, affiliates or directors to take any action which would violate applicable law (whether statutory or common law),
rule or regulation. The parties hereto acknowledge that each party hereto has reviewed, and has had an opportunity to have its counsel
review, this Agreement and that any rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting party, or
any similar rule operating against the drafter of an agreement, shall not be applicable to the construction or interpretation of this
Agreement. No party to this Agreement shall be considered the draftsman.

10.12 Publicity. United and Cardinal each shall consult with the other prior to issuing any press releases, filing any material pursuant
to SEC Rules 165 or 425, or otherwise making public announcements with respect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby, and prior to making any filings with respect to any third party and/or any Governmental Authority with respect thereto, except as
may be required by law or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with, or rules of, the NASDAQ or in connection with the
regulatory application process, in which case the party required to make the release or announcement shall consult with the other to the
extent practicable. The parties agree that the initial press release to be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed to by the parties.

[Signature page follows this page.]
 

A-47



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 205/233

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed in counterparts by their duly authorized
officers, all as of the day and year first above written.
 

CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION

By:  /s/ Christopher W. Bergstrom
 Christopher W. Bergstrom

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC.

By:  /s/ Richard M. Adams
 Richard M. Adams

Title:
 

Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer

UBV HOLDING COMPANY, LLC

By:  /s/ Richard M. Adams
 Richard M. Adams

Title:  President

Signature Page to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
 

A-48



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 206/233

Table of Contents

Exhibit A

PLAN OF MERGER

merging

CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION,
a Virginia bank holding company

with and into

UBV HOLDING COMPANY, LLC,
a Virginia bank holding company

1. Merger. Cardinal Financial Corporation (“Cardinal”), a Virginia bank holding company incorporated pursuant to the Virginia
Stock Corporation Act (the “VSCA”), shall upon the Effective Time (as defined in Section 2.a) be merged (the “Merger”) with and into
UBV Holding Company, LLC (“UBV”), a Virginia bank holding company organized pursuant to the Virginia Limited Liability Company
Act (“VLLCA”), a disregarded entity for income tax purposes and a wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares, Inc. (“United”), a
West Virginia bank holding company incorporated pursuant to the West Virginia Business Corporation Act, in accordance with the
applicable provisions of the VSCA and the VLLCA. As a result of the Merger, the separate corporate existence of Cardinal shall cease and
UBV shall continue as the surviving entity (the “Surviving Entity”) following the Merger. The existence of UBV, with all its rights,
privileges, immunities, powers and franchises, shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Merger.

2. Effective Time; Effects of the Merger.

a. The Merger shall become effective at the latest of: (i) the issuance by the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the
“SCC”) of a certificate of merger relating to the Merger; and (ii) the time set forth in articles of merger relating to the Merger to be filed
with the SCC; such time referred to herein as the “Effective Time.”

b. At the Effective Time, the Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 13.1-721 of the VSCA and Section 13.1-1070 of
the VLLCA. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time the separate corporate existence of
Cardinal shall cease and all of the properties, rights, powers, privileges, franchises, patents, trademarks, licenses, registrations and other
assets of every kind and description of Cardinal shall be vested in, and all debts, liabilities and obligations of Cardinal shall be the
obligation of, UBV as the Surviving Entity, all without further act or deed, in accordance with the applicable provisions of the VSCA and
the VLLCA.

3. Articles of Organization. The articles of organization, as amended, of UBV in effect at the Effective Time shall be the articles of
incorporation of the Surviving Entity, until the same shall thereafter be altered, amended or repealed as provided therein or by applicable
law.

4. Operating Agreement. The operating agreement, as amended, of UBV in effect at the Effective Time shall be the operating
agreement of the Surviving Entity, until the same shall thereafter be altered, amended or repealed as provided therein or by applicable law.

5. Board of Directors; Officers. From and after the Effective Time, the directors of UBV immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be the directors of the Surviving Entity until their successors are duly appointed or elected. From and after the Effective Time, the
officers and managers of UBV immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Entity until their successors
are duly appointed or elected.
 

A-A-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 207/233

Table of Contents

6. Manner and Basis of Converting Securities. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
United, UBV, Cardinal or any holder of any shares of capital stock of United, UBV or Cardinal:

a. Cardinal Common Stock.

i. At the Effective Time, each holder of a share of common stock, $1.00 par value per share, of Cardinal (“Cardinal
Common Stock”) (excluding shares of Cardinal Common Stock held by United, UBV or any United or UBV Subsidiary, in each case other
than in a fiduciary capacity or as a results of debts previously contracted, which shares shall (i) not be exchanged for shares of United
Common Stock and (ii) be canceled and extinguished for no consideration, and shall be marked “canceled in merger” as of the Effective
Time) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall automatically be converted into and exchangeable for the right to receive
0.71 (the “Exchange Ratio”) shares of common stock, $2.50 par value per share, of United (“United Common Stock”, and together with
cash in lieu of fractional shares as provided in Section 6.b below, collectively, the “Merger Consideration”).

ii. Effective as of the Effective Time, each share of Cardinal Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time (other than Excluded Shares, as defined in Section 6.f) shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be
canceled and retired and cease to exist, and each holder of certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time evidenced shares of
Cardinal Common Stock (each, a “Cardinal Certificate”), and each holder of non-certificated shares of Cardinal Common Stock
(“Cardinal Book-Entry Shares”) shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration
therefor upon surrender of such Cardinal Certificate or Cardinal Book-Entry Shares in accordance with Section 7.

b. No Fractional Shares. No fractional shares of United Common Stock shall be issued in respect of shares of Cardinal
Common Stock that are to be converted in the Merger into the right to receive shares of United Common Stock. Holders of Cardinal
Common Stock entitled to fractional shares shall be entitled to receive in lieu of any fractional share of United Common Stock to which
such holder would otherwise have been entitled pursuant to Sections 6.a and 7 an amount in cash (without interest) (the “Cash
Consideration”), rounded to the nearest whole cent (with one-half cent being rounded upwards), equal to the product obtained by
multiplying (i) the fractional share of United Common Stock to which such holder would otherwise be entitled (after taking into account
all shares of Cardinal Common Stock held by such holder immediately prior to the Effective Time) by (ii) the average of the daily closing
prices for United Common Stock for the 20 consecutive full trading days on which such shares are actually traded on the NASDAQ (as
reported by The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported thereby, any other authoritative source) ending at the close of trading on the tenth
trading day immediately preceding the Effective Date.

c. Adjustment for Certain Transactions in United Common Stock. If, on or after the date of the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization, by and between United and Cardinal, dated as of August 17, 2016 (the “Merger Agreement”), and prior to the Effective
Time, United changes (or establishes a record date for changing) the number of shares of United Common Stock issued and outstanding as
a result of a stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, reorganization, recapitalization or similar transaction with respect to the then
outstanding United Common Stock, or establishes a record date prior to the Effective Date with respect to any dividend or distribution in
respect of United Common Stock other than a cash dividend consistent with past practice, the Exchange Ratio shall be proportionately
adjusted to provide holders of Cardinal Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by the Merger Agreement prior to such
action.

d. United Common Stock and UBV Equity Interests. Each share of United Common Stock and each equity interest of UBV
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be unchanged, and shall continue to represent an issued and outstanding share of
United Common Stock and an outstanding equity interest of UBV, respectively.

e. Cardinal Common Stock Held by United and UBV. All shares of Cardinal Common Stock owned directly or indirectly by
United, UBV or any of United’s or UBV’s respective wholly owned subsidiaries (other
 

A-A-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 208/233

Table of Contents

than shares held in a fiduciary capacity or as a result of debts previously contracted) shall be cancelled and retired and shall not represent
capital stock of the Surviving Entity and shall not be exchanged for the Merger Consideration; such cancelled and retired shares are
referred to herein as, the “Excluded Shares”.

f. Cardinal Equity-Based Awards.

(i) At the Effective Time, each outstanding option (each, a “Cardinal Stock Option”) to purchase shares of Cardinal
Common Stock, whether vested or unvested, under any and all plans of Cardinal under which stock options have been granted
(collectively, the “Cardinal Stock Plans”) shall vest pursuant to the terms thereof and shall be converted an option (each, a “Replacement
Option”) to acquire, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Cardinal Stock Option, the number of shares of
United Common Stock equal to (a) the number of shares of Cardinal Common Stock subject to the Cardinal Stock Option multiplied by
(b) the Exchange Ratio. Such product shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. The exercise price per share (rounded up to the
next whole cent) of each Replacement Option shall equal (y) the exercise price per share of shares of Cardinal Common Stock that were
purchasable pursuant to such Cardinal Stock Option divided by (z) the Exchange Ratio. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Cardinal
Stock Option that is intended to be an “incentive stock option” (as defined in Section 422 of the Code) shall be adjusted in accordance
with the requirements of Section 424 of the Code and all other options shall be adjusted in a manner that maintains the options exemption
from Section 409A of the Code. At or prior to the Effective Time, Cardinal shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain any necessary
consents from optionees with respect to the Cardinal Stock Plans to permit replacement of the outstanding Cardinal Stock Options by
United pursuant to this Section and to permit United to assume the Cardinal Stock Plans. Cardinal shall further take all action necessary to
amend the Cardinal Stock Plans to eliminate automatic grants or awards thereunder following the Effective Time. At the Effective Time,
United shall assume the Cardinal Stock Plans; provided that such assumption shall only be with respect to the Replacement Options and
shall have no obligation to make any additional grants or awards under the Cardinal Stock Plans other than those grants or awards that
have been made or accrued prior to the Effective Time. United shall file a post-effective amendment to the Registration Statement or an
effective registration statement on Form S-8 (or other applicable form) with respect to the shares of United Common Stock subject to such
Replacement Options, shall distribute a prospectus relating to such Form S-8, if applicable, and shall use reasonable commercial efforts to
maintain the effectiveness of the Registration Statement or registration statement on Form S-8 for so long as such Replacement Options
remain outstanding.

(ii) At the Effective Time, each restricted stock award granted under a Cardinal Stock Plan (each, a “Cardinal Stock
Award”) that is unvested or contingent and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall fully vest and shall be converted into
the right to receive, without interest, the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to Section 6(a), and the shares of Cardinal Common Stock
subject to such Cardinal Stock Award will be treated in the same manner as all other shares of Cardinal Common Stock for such purposes.

7. Cardinal Common Stock Exchange Procedures.

a. Exchange Agent; Merger Consideration. United shall appoint its transfer agent, Computershare Limited, or, with the written
consent of Cardinal, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, another agent independent of and unaffiliated with United, UBV or
Cardinal (the “Exchange Agent”), for the purpose of exchanging Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares for the Merger
Consideration. At or prior to the Effective Time, United shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit of
the holders of Cardinal Common Stock and for exchange in accordance with this Plan of Merger, or shall duly authorize and direct
issuance by the Exchange Agent in accordance with this Section 7 of, (i) certificates, or, at United’s option, evidence of shares in book-
entry form, representing the shares of United Common Stock, and (ii) an amount of cash necessary to pay the Cash Consideration.

b. Surrender of Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares. United shall cause the Exchange Agent, not later than
five Business Days after the Effective Time, to mail to each holder of one or more Cardinal Certificates or of Cardinal Book-Entry Shares
a form letter of transmittal for return to the Exchange Agent containing instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Cardinal
Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares in exchange for the Merger Consideration into which the Cardinal Common Stock
represented by such Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares shall have been converted as a result of the Merger.
 

A-A-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 209/233

Table of Contents

The letter of transmittal shall specify that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal
Book-Entry Shares shall pass, only upon delivery of the Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares to the Exchange Agent.
Upon proper surrender of a Cardinal Certificate or Cardinal Book-Entry Shares for exchange and cancellation to the Exchange Agent or
compliance with the provisions of Section 7.e, together with a properly completed letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such
Cardinal Certificate or Cardinal Book-Entry Shares shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration and the
Cardinal Certificate and/or Cardinal Book-Entry Shares so surrendered shall be cancelled. Any portion of the Merger Consideration that
remains unclaimed by the holders of Cardinal Common Stock on the business day after the one-year anniversary of the Effective Date
shall be paid to United. Any holders of Cardinal Common Stock who have not theretofor complied with this Section 7.b. shall thereafter
look only to United for payment of the Merger Consideration, cash in lieu of fractional shares and unpaid dividends and distributions on
United Common Stock deliverable in respect of each share of Cardinal Common Stock such stockholder holds as determined pursuant to
the Merger Agreement, in each case, without any interest thereon. Subject to all applicable laws of escheat, such amounts shall be paid to
such former shareholder of Cardinal, without interest, upon proper surrender of his, her or its Certificates or delivery of an affidavit of loss
as described in Section 7.e.

c. Rounding of Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares. All dollar amounts payable to any shareholder as a result of the payment of
cash in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 6.b will be rounded to the nearest whole cent (with one-half cent being rounded
upward), based on the aggregate amount payable for all shares registered in such shareholder’s name. No interest will be paid or accrued
on any cash payable in lieu of fractional shares or any unpaid dividends and distributions, if any, payable to holders of Certificates.

d. Automatic Conversion of Cardinal Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares. Following the Effective Time, Cardinal
Certificates and Cardinal Book-Entry Shares that formerly represented shares of Cardinal Common Stock that are to be converted into the
United Common Stock shall be deemed for all purposes to represent the number of whole shares of United Common Stock into which they
have been converted, except that until exchanged in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7, the holders of such shares shall not
be entitled to receive dividends or other distributions or payments in respect of United Common Stock.

e. Lost Cardinal Certificates; Failure to Surrender Cardinal Certificates. If any Certificates shall have been lost, stolen or
destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such Cardinal Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and,
if required by United, the posting by such person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as United may direct, as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Cardinal Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue, in exchange for such lost,
stolen or destroyed Cardinal Certificate, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the shares of Cardinal Common Stock
represented by such Cardinal Certificate.

8. Amendment. Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, this Plan of Merger may be amended by the Managers of UBV and
the Board of Directors Cardinal at any time prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that any amendment made subsequent to the
approval of this Plan of Merger by the sole member of UBV, and the shareholders of United and Cardinal shall not:

a. alter or change the amount or kind of shares or other securities, eligible interests, obligations, rights to acquire shares, other
securities or eligible interests, cash or other property or rights to be received under this Plan of Merger by the Cardinal shareholders;

b. alter or change any of the other terms or conditions of this Plan of Merger if the change would adversely Cardinal
shareholders in any material respect; or

c. alter or change any term of the articles of incorporation of Cardinal, as amended, or the articles of organization of UBV, as
amended.

9. Abandonment. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the Merger may be abandoned, subject to the terms of the Merger
Agreement, without further shareholder action in the manner determined by the Boards of Directors of United and Cardinal and the
Managers of UBV. Written notice of such abandonment shall be filed with the SCC prior to the Effective Time.
 

A-A-4



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 210/233

Table of Contents

Exhibit B

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

of

CARDINAL BANK

with and into

UNITED BANK

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER by and between Cardinal Bank (“Cardinal Bank”) and United Bank (“United
Bank”) is dated as of                      (this “Bank Merger Agreement”).

WHEREAS, Cardinal Bank is a Virginia chartered commercial bank organized and existing under the Code of Virginia (the “Virginia
Code”) with its principal office at 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean, Virginia 22102, with an authorized capitalization of
1,000,000 shares of common stock, $5.00 par value per share (“Cardinal Bank Capital Stock”), of which 800,000 shares of Cardinal Bank
Capital Stock are outstanding; and

WHEREAS, United Bank is a Virginia chartered commercial bank organized and existing under the Virginia Code with its principal
office at 11185 Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax, Virginia 22030, with an authorized capitalization of 200,000 shares of common stock, par
value $10.00 per share (“United Bank Capital Stock”), of which 200,000 shares are outstanding; and

WHEREAS, Cardinal Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of Cardinal Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation and financial
holding company having its headquarters at 8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500, McLean, Virginia 22102 (“Cardinal”); and

WHEREAS, United Bank is a wholly owned subsidiary of UBV Holding Company, LLC, a Virginia limited liability company and
holding company (and a disregarded entity for income tax purposes) having its headquarters at 11185 Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax, Virginia
22030 (“UBV”) and is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of United (as defined below) for income tax purposes; and

WHEREAS, UBV is a wholly owned subsidiary of United Bankshares, Inc. a West Virginia corporation and registered bank holding
company having its headquarters at 300 United Center, 500 Virginia Street, East, Charleston, West Virginia 25301 (“United”); and

WHEREAS, prior to the entry into this Bank Merger Agreement, United and Cardinal entered into an Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization dated as of August 17, 2016 (as such agreement may hereafter be amended or supplemented from time to time, the
“Reorganization Agreement”) pursuant to which United has agreed to acquire Cardinal by means of the merger of Cardinal with and into
UBV with UBV surviving such merger (the “Merger”); and

WHEREAS, it is contemplated pursuant to the Reorganization Agreement that, after the Merger, Cardinal Bank will be merged with
and into United Bank, with United Bank surviving the merger (the “Bank Merger”); and

WHEREAS, each of the Boards of Directors of Cardinal Bank and United Bank has determined that the Bank Merger would be in
the best interests of its respective bank, has approved the Bank Merger and has authorized its respective bank to enter into this Bank
Merger Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the parties hereto intend that the Bank Merger shall qualify as a tax-free reorganization under Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and this Bank Merger Agreement is intended to be adopted as a “plan of
reorganization” for purposes of Sections 354 and 361 of the Code;
 

A-B-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 211/233

Table of Contents

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties do hereby agree as
follows:

ARTICLE I

At the Effective Time (as defined in Section 4.1), subject to the terms and conditions of this Bank Merger Agreement, Cardinal Bank
shall be merged with and into United Bank, and United Bank shall be the surviving institution resulting from the Bank Merger (the
“Merged Bank”), pursuant to Section 6.2-822 of the Code of Virginia. The Bank Merger shall have the effect provided in Section 6.2-
822.C of the Code of Virginia.

ARTICLE II

The name of the Merged Bank in the Bank Merger shall be “United Bank.”

ARTICLE III

The business of the Merged Bank shall be that of a Virginia chartered commercial bank. The business shall be conducted by the
Merged Bank at its principal office, which shall be located at the principal office of United Bank at 11185 Fairfax Boulevard, Fairfax,
Virginia 22030, at all duly authorized and operating branches of United Bank and Cardinal Bank as of the Effective Time (as hereinafter
defined), together with the principal office of Cardinal Bank, which shall be operated as a branch of the Merged Bank, and at all other
offices and facilities of United Bank and Cardinal Bank established as of the Effective Time.

ARTICLE IV

Section 4.1 At the time the Bank Merger becomes effective (the “Effective Time”), the separate existence of Cardinal Bank shall
cease and the corporate existence of United Bank, as the Merged Bank, shall continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Bank Merger; and
the Merged Bank shall be deemed to be the same business and corporate entity as each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank. At the
Effective Time, by virtue of the Bank Merger and without any further act, deed, conveyance or other transfer, all of the property, rights,
powers and franchises of Cardinal Bank and United Bank shall vest in United Bank as the Merged Bank, and the Merged Bank shall be
subject to and be deemed to have assumed all of the debts, liabilities, obligations and duties of Cardinal Bank and United Bank, and to
have succeeded to all of the relationships, fiduciary or otherwise, of Cardinal Bank and United Bank as fully and to the same extent as if
such property, rights, powers, franchises, debts, liabilities, obligations, duties and relationships had been originally acquired, incurred or
entered into by the Merged Bank; provided, however, that the Merged Bank shall not, through the Bank Merger, acquire power to engage
in any business or to exercise any right, privilege or franchise that is not conferred on the Merged Bank by the Virginia Code or applicable
regulations.

Section 4.2 The Merged Bank, upon the consummation of the Bank Merger and without any order or other action on the part of any
court or otherwise, shall hold and enjoy all rights of property, franchises and interests, including appointments, designations and
nominations, and all other rights and interests as agent, trustee, executor, administrator, registrar of stocks and bonds, guardian of estates,
conservator, assignee, receiver and committee of estates of incompetents, bailee or depository of personal property, and in every other
fiduciary and/or custodial capacity, in the same manner and to the same extent as such rights, franchises and interests were held or enjoyed
by each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time.
 

A-B-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 212/233

Table of Contents

ARTICLE V

Section 5.1 At the Effective Time, (i) all of the shares of Cardinal Bank Capital Stock validly issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Bank Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and
retired, and no cash, new shares of common stock, or other property shall be delivered in exchange therefor, and (ii) the shares of United
Bank Capital Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, at the Effective Time, continue to be issued and
outstanding.

Section 5.2 At and after the Effective Time, certificates evidencing shares of Cardinal Bank Capital Stock shall thereafter not
evidence any interest in Cardinal Bank or the Merged Bank.

Section 5.3 The stock transfer book of Cardinal Bank shall be closed as of the Effective Time and, thereafter, no transfer of any
shares of Cardinal Bank Capital Stock shall be recorded therein.

ARTICLE VI

Section 6.1 Upon the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Merged Bank shall be comprised of those persons serving as
directors of United Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each such director shall hold office until the next annual meeting of the
shareholder of the Merged Bank at which directors are elected, unless sooner removed, resigned, disqualified or deceased, and until his or
her successor has been elected and qualified.

Section 6.2 The officers of United Bank serving immediately prior to the Effective Time shall serve as the officers of the Merged
Bank, as the successor institution, until their successors are duly appointed by the Board of Directors of the Merged Bank.

ARTICLE VII

From and after the Effective Time, (i) the Articles of Incorporation, as amended, of the Merged Bank shall be the Articles of
Incorporation of United Bank in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and shall thereafter continue in full force and effect until
further altered, amended or repealed in accordance with law, and (ii) the Bylaws, as amended, of the Merged Bank shall be the Bylaws of
United Bank in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and shall thereafter continue in full force and effect until further altered,
amended or repealed in accordance with law.

ARTICLE VIII

This Bank Merger Agreement may be amended by a subsequent writing signed by all of the parties hereto, except that no provision
in Article IX may be amended or waived at any time pursuant to its terms. This Bank Merger Agreement may be terminated by mutual
consent of Cardinal Bank and United Bank at any time prior to the Effective Time. In addition, this Bank Merger Agreement will
terminate, and be of no further force or effect, upon the termination of the Reorganization Agreement without any action by either party
hereto.

ARTICLE IX

Section 9.1 This Bank Merger Agreement and the Bank Merger shall be adopted and approved by the written consent of the sole
holder of all of the outstanding shares of Cardinal Bank Capital Stock and by the written consent of the sole holder of all of the
outstanding shares of United Bank Capital Stock.
 

A-B-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 213/233

Table of Contents

Section 9.2 The Effective Time shall be the later of: (i) the issuance by the Virginia State Corporation Commission (the “SCC”) of a
certificate of merger relating to the Bank Merger; and (ii) the time set forth in articles of merger relating to the Bank Merger filed with the
SCC; provided, however, that in no event shall the Effective Time be earlier than, or at the same time as, the effective time of the Merger.

Section 9.3 Notwithstanding any provision of this Bank Merger Agreement to the contrary, it shall be a condition to the
consummation of the Bank Merger and the parties’ obligations to consummate the Bank Merger that, (i) immediately prior to the Effective
Time, the Merger shall have been consummated and UBV shall be the sole holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of Cardinal
Bank Capital Stock and all of the issued and outstanding shares of United Bank Capital Stock, either directly or indirectly, and (ii) all
required regulatory approvals shall have been obtained and any waiting periods shall have expired.

Section 9.4 Each of the parties hereto agrees to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all action and to do, or cause
to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under applicable laws and regulations to consummate and make effective the
transactions contemplated by this Bank Merger Agreement, subject to and in accordance with the applicable provisions of the
Reorganization Agreement.

ARTICLE X

Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Bank Merger Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing
and delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, addressed as follows:

if to Cardinal Bank:

Christopher W. Bergstrom, President and Chief Executive Officer
Cardinal Bank
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500
McLean, Virginia
Fax: (703) 584-3414
E-mail: chris.bergstrom@cardinalbank.com

Copy to:
Scott H. Richter, Esq
LeClairRyan, A Professional Corporation
919 East Main Street, 24  Floor
Richmond, Virginia 23219
Fax: (804) 783-7621
E-mail: Scott.Richter@leclairryan.com

if to United Bank:

James J. Consagra, Jr., President and Chief Executive Officer
United Bank
1118 Fairfax Boulevard
Fairfax, Virginia 22030
Fax (703) 442-7190
E-mail: james.consagra@bankwithunited.com

Copy to:
Sandra M. Murphy
Bowles Rice LLP
600 Quarrier Street
Charleston, West Virginia 25301
Fax (304) 343-3058
E-mail: smurphy@bowlesrice.com

 
A-B-4

th



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 214/233

Table of Contents

or to such other address as such party may designate by notice to the others and shall be deemed to have been given upon receipt.

ARTICLE XI

From time to time as and when reasonably requested by the Merged Bank and to the extent permitted by law and at the expense of
the Merged Bank, the officers and directors of Cardinal Bank and United Bank last in office shall execute and deliver such assignments,
deeds and other instruments and shall take or cause to be taken such further or other action as shall be necessary in order to vest or perfect
in or to confirm of record or otherwise to the Merged Bank title to, and possession of, all of the property, rights, power and franchises of
Cardinal Bank and United Bank, including, without limitation, all rights and interests of Cardinal Bank and United Bank in any fiduciary
and/or custodial capacity, and otherwise to carry out the purposes of this Bank Merger Agreement, and the proper officers and directors of
the Merged Bank, as the receiving and surviving entity, are fully authorized to take any and all such action in the name of Cardinal Bank
and United Bank or otherwise.

ARTICLE XII

This Bank Merger Agreement is binding upon and is for the benefit of Cardinal Bank and United Bank and their respective
successors and permitted assigns; provided, however, that neither this Bank Merger Agreement nor any rights or obligations hereunder
may be assigned by any party hereto to any other person without the prior consent in writing of each other party hereto. This Bank Merger
Agreement is not made for the benefit of any person, firm, corporation or association not a party hereto and no other person, firm,
corporation or association shall acquire or have any right under or by virtue of this Bank Merger Agreement.

ARTICLE XIII

This Bank Merger Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the Commonwealth of Virginia,
except to the extent federal law may be applicable.

ARTICLE XIV

This Bank Merger Agreement shall constitute a plan of “reorganization” for the Bank Merger within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code.

ARTICLE XV

This Bank Merger Agreement may be executed in several counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]
 

A-B-5



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 215/233

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Cardinal Bank and United Bank have each caused this Agreement and Plan of Merger to be executed as
of the date first above written.
 

CARDINAL BANK

By:   
 Christopher W. Bergstrom

Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer

UNITED BANK

By:   
 James J. Consagra, Jr.

Title:  President & Chief Executive Officer

Signature Page to the Agreement and Plan of Merger
 

A-B-6



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 216/233

Table of Contents

Exhibit C

PLAN OF MERGER

merging

CARDINAL BANK,
a Virginia chartered commercial bank

with and into

UNITED BANK,
a Virginia chartered commercial bank

1. Merger. Cardinal Bank (“Cardinal Bank”), a Virginia chartered commercial bank, shall upon the Effective Time (as defined in
Section 2.a below) be merged (the “Bank Merger”) with and into United Bank (“United Bank”), a Virginia chartered commercial bank, in
accordance with the applicable provisions of the Virginia Stock Corporation Act (the “VSCA”) and Title 6.2 of the Code of Virginia. As a
result of the Bank Merger, the separate corporate existence of Cardinal Bank shall cease and United Bank shall continue as the surviving
corporation (the “Successor Institution”) following the Bank Merger. The corporate existence of United Bank shall continue unaffected
and unimpaired by the Bank Merger.

2. Effective Time; Effects of the Merger.

a. The Bank Merger shall become effective at the later of (i) the time and date designated by United Bank to the Virginia
Bureau of Financial Institutions as the time and date on which the Bank Merger shall be effective and (ii) the time and date on which the
Virginia Bureau of Financial Institutions orders the Bank Merger to be effective; provided, however, that in no event shall the Effective
Time be earlier than, or at the same time as, the effective time of the merger (the “Merger”) of Cardinal Financial Corporation, the parent
company of Cardinal Bank (“Cardinal”), with and into UBV Holding Company, LLC, the parent company of United Bank (“UBV”), and
wholly-owned subsidiary of United Bankshares, Inc. (“UBSI”); such time referred to herein as the “Effective Time.”

b. The business of the Successor Institution shall be that of a Virginia chartered commercial bank. The business shall be
conducted by the Successor Institution at its principal office, which shall be located at the principal office of United Bank at 1118 Main
Street, Fairfax, Virginia 22030; at all duly authorized and operating branches of United Bank and Cardinal Bank as of the Effective Time,
together with the principal office of Cardinal Bank, which shall be operated as a branch of the Successor Institution; and at all other offices
and facilities of United Bank and Cardinal Bank established as of the Effective Time.

c. At the Effective Time, the Bank Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 13.1-721 of the VSCA. At the Effective
Time, the separate existence of Cardinal Bank shall cease and the corporate existence of United Bank, as the Successor Institution, shall
continue unaffected and unimpaired by the Bank Merger; and the Successor Institution shall be deemed to be the same business and
corporate entity as each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Bank Merger and without any further
act, deed, conveyance or other transfer, all of the property, rights, powers and franchises of Cardinal Bank and United Bank shall vest in
United Bank as the Successor Institution, and the Successor Institution shall be subject to and be deemed to have assumed all of the debts,
liabilities, obligations and duties of Cardinal Bank and United Bank, and to have succeeded to all of the relationships, fiduciary or
otherwise, of Cardinal Bank and United Bank as fully and to the same extent as if such property, rights, powers, franchises, debts,
liabilities, obligations, duties and relationships had been originally acquired, incurred or entered into by the Successor
Institution; provided, however, that the Successor Institution shall not, through the Bank Merger, acquire power to engage in any business
or to exercise any right, privilege or franchise which is not conferred on the Successor Institution by the Code of Virginia or applicable
regulations.
 

A-C-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 217/233

Table of Contents

d. The Successor Institution, upon the consummation of the Bank Merger and without any order or other action on the part of
any court or otherwise, shall hold and enjoy all rights of property, franchises and interests, including appointments, designations and
nominations, and all other rights and interests as agent, trustee, executor, administrator, registrar of stocks and bonds, guardian of estates,
conservator, assignee, receiver and committee of estates of incompetents, bailee or depository of personal property, and in every other
fiduciary and/or custodial capacity, in the same manner and to the same extent as such rights, franchises and interests were held or enjoyed
by each of Cardinal Bank and United Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time.

e. The name of the Successor Institution in the Bank Merger shall be “United Bank.”

3. Manner and Basis of Converting Securities.

a. At the Effective Time, (i) all of the shares of the capital stock of Cardinal Bank validly issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Bank Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled and
retired, and no cash, new shares of common stock, or other property shall be delivered in exchange therefor, and (ii) the shares of the
capital stock of United Bank issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, at the Effective Time, continue to be
issued and outstanding.

b. At and after the Effective Time, certificates evidencing shares of capital stock of Cardinal Bank shall thereafter not evidence
any interest in Cardinal Bank or the Successor Institution.

c. The stock transfer book of Cardinal Bank shall be closed as of the Effective Time and, thereafter, no transfer of any shares of
capital stock of Cardinal Bank shall be recorded therein.

d. Any outstanding options or other rights to acquire shares of capital stock of Cardinal Bank outstanding as of the Effective
time shall be canceled at the Effective Time.

4. Board of Directors. Upon the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Successor Institution shall be comprised of those
persons serving as directors of United Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each such Director shall hold office until the next
annual meeting of the shareholder of the Successor Institution at which directors are elected, unless sooner removed, resigned, disqualified
or deceased, and until their successors have been elected and qualified.

5. Officers. Upon the Effective Time, the officers of the Successor Institution shall be comprised of those persons serving as officers
of United Bank immediately prior to the Effective Time. Each such officer shall hold office until his or her successor has been duly
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Successor Institution.

6. Articles of Incorporation. From and after the Effective Time, the Articles of Incorporation of the Successor Institution shall be the
Articles of Incorporation of United Bank in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time and shall thereafter continue in full force and
effect until further altered, amended or repealed in accordance with law.

7. Bylaws. From and after the Effective Time, the Bylaws of the Successor Institution shall be the Bylaws of United Bank in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time and shall thereafter continue in full force and effect until further altered, amended or repealed in
accordance with law.

8. Amendment. Subject to the terms of the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and between United Bank and Cardinal Bank, dated
                     (the “Bank Merger Agreement”), this Plan of Merger may be amended by the Boards of Directors of United Bank and
Cardinal Bank at any time prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that any amendment made subsequent to the approval of this
Plan of Merger by the shareholder of Cardinal Bank and the shareholder of United Bank shall not:

a. alter or change the amount or kind of shares or other securities, eligible interests, obligations, rights to acquire shares, other
securities or eligible interests, cash or other property or rights to be received under this Plan of Merger by such shareholders;
 

A-C-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 218/233

Table of Contents

b. alter or change any of the other terms or conditions of this Plan of Merger if the change would adversely affect such
shareholders in any material respect; or

c. alter or change any term of the Articles of Incorporation of Cardinal Bank or United Bank.

9. Condition Precedent; Termination. It shall be a condition to the consummation of the Bank Merger and the parties’ obligations to
consummate the Bank Merger that, (i) immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Merger shall have been consummated and UBV shall
be the sole holder of all of the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Cardinal Bank and all of the issued and outstanding shares
of capital stock of United Bank, either directly or indirectly, and (ii) all required regulatory approvals shall have been obtained and any
waiting periods shall have expired. This Plan of Merger may be terminated by mutual consent of Cardinal Bank and United Bank at any
time prior to the Effective Time. In addition, this Plan of Merger will terminate, and be of no further force or effect, upon the termination
of the Reorganization Agreement without any action by either party hereto.

10. Abandonment. At any time prior to the Effective Time, the Bank Merger may be abandoned, subject to regulatory approval and to
the terms of the Bank Merger Agreement, without further shareholder action in the manner determined by the Boards of Directors of
United Bank and Cardinal Bank. Written notice of such abandonment shall be filed with the Virginia State Corporation Commission prior
to the Effective Time.

11. Defined Term. As used in this Plan of Merger, the “Reorganization Agreement” means the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
by and between Cardinal and UBSI, dated August 17, 2016, pursuant to which Cardinal will be merged with and into UBV, with UBV
surviving such merger.
 

A-C-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 219/233

Table of Contents

Exhibit D

Form of Cardinal Support Agreement

SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This Support Agreement, made as of this 17th day of August, 2016, between United Bankshares, Inc., a West Virginia corporation
(“United”), and the stockholder of Cardinal Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation (“Cardinal”), identified on the signature page
hereto in such Stockholder’s capacity as a stockholder of Cardinal (the “Stockholder”).

WHEREAS, United and Cardinal have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization dated as of the date hereof (the
“Reorganization Agreement”) pursuant to which all of the outstanding shares of Cardinal Common Stock will be exchanged for shares of
United Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Reorganization Agreement; and

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, Stockholder owns or possesses the sole right to vote or direct the voting of, the number of shares
of Cardinal Common Stock and the number of shares of restricted stock of Cardinal set forth on the signature page hereto (the “Covered
Shares”); and

WHEREAS, Stockholder owns or possesses the sole power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of, the Covered Shares; and

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, Stockholder has the right to acquire pursuant to the exercise of Cardinal Stock Options issued and
outstanding pursuant to the Cardinal Stock Plans, the number of shares of Cardinal Common Stock set forth on the signature page hereto;
and

WHEREAS, as a material inducement for United to enter into the Reorganization Agreement and consummate the transactions
contemplated thereby, Stockholder has agreed to enter into this Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the covenants and agreements set forth herein and in the Reorganization
Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties agree as follows:

1. Representations and Warranties of Stockholder. Stockholder represents and warrants that: (a) Stockholder is now, and at all times
until the Effective Date of the Merger will be, the sole owner, of record or beneficially, or possesses and will possess the sole right to vote
or direct the voting of all of the Covered Shares, and possesses or will possess the sole power to dispose of or direct the disposition of all
of Covered Shares; (b) Stockholder has, and through the Effective Date will continue to have, the sole right and power to vote and/or
dispose of, or to direct the voting or disposition of, all of the Covered Shares; (c) Stockholder has full right, power and authority to enter
into, deliver and perform this Agreement; and (d) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Stockholder.

2. Covenants of Stockholder. (a) Stockholder agrees to cause the Covered Shares to be present at the Cardinal Meeting and at such
meeting shall vote, or cause to be voted, the Covered Shares in favor of the Reorganization Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, until this Agreement terminates as provided in Section 2(d), unless: (i) United is in material default with respect to a material
covenant, representation, warranty or agreement made by it in the Reorganization Agreement; or (ii) in accordance with Section 7.02(a) of
the Reorganization Agreement, the Cardinal Board has failed to make, withdrawn, modified or otherwise changed its recommendation to
Cardinal stockholders.

(b) Stockholder agrees that until the termination of this Agreement as provided in Section 2(d), that Stockholder shall not, without
the prior written consent of United, directly or indirectly tender or permit the tender into any tender or exchange offer, or sell, transfer,
hypothecate, grant a security interest in or otherwise dispose of or encumber any of the Covered Shares, or any options to acquire Cardinal
Common Stock issued and outstanding pursuant to the Cardinal Stock Plans; provided that this restriction shall not apply to shares that are
hypothecated or as to which a security interest already has been granted as of the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of
any transfer by operation of law subsequent to the date hereof, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the transferee.
 

A-D-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 220/233

Table of Contents

(c) Stockholder agrees not to, without the prior written consent of United, sell on NASDAQ, submit an offer to sell on NASDAQ, or
otherwise directly or indirectly sell, transfer or dispose of (other than by an exercise), any Covered Shares or any options, warrants, rights
or other securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of Cardinal Common Stock prior to the Effective Time of the Merger.

(d) This Agreement shall terminate upon the earlier to occur of: (a) the termination of the Reorganization Agreement by either
Cardinal or United or (b) the Effective Date of the Merger.

3. Additional Shares and Options. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, this Agreement shall apply to all
shares of Cardinal Common Stock that Stockholder currently has the sole right and power to vote and/or dispose of, or to direct the voting
or disposition of, and all such shares of Cardinal Common Stock as to which Stockholder may hereafter acquire the sole right and power to
vote and/or dispose of, or to direct the voting or disposition of, and all Cardinal Stock Options that Stockholder may currently own or
hereafter acquire.

4. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed in all respects by the law of the Commonwealth of Virginia, without regard to
the conflict of laws principles thereof.

5. Assignment; Successors. This Agreement may not be assigned by Stockholder without the prior written consent of United. The
provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and, shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors,
assigns, heirs and personal representatives.

6. Scope of Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this Agreement shall not confer upon United any right or
ability to acquire the shares of Cardinal Common Stock other than in connection with the Merger. The parties hereto acknowledge and
agree that this Agreement does not constitute an agreement or understanding of Stockholder in his/her capacity as a director or officer of
Cardinal, but only in his/her capacity as a holder of shares of Cardinal Common Stock or of Cardinal Stock Options. The term “Covered
Shares” shall not include any securities owned or possessed by Stockholder as a trustee or fiduciary other than those owned or possessed
by Stockholder a trustee or fiduciary of a trust for which Stockholder or any member of the Stockholder’s immediate family is a
beneficiary (which for the avoidance of doubt, shall be included as Covered Shares), and this Agreement is not in any way intended to
affect the exercise by Stockholder of his or her fiduciary responsibility in respect of any such securities.

7. Severability. Any invalidity, illegality or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement in any jurisdiction shall not
invalidate or render illegal or unenforceable the remaining provisions hereof in such jurisdiction and shall not invalidate or render illegal
or unenforceable such provision in any other jurisdiction.

8. Amendment, Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the
parties hereto which expressly states its intention to amend this Agreement. No provision of this Agreement may be waived, except by an
instrument in writing, executed by the waiving party, expressly indicating an intention to effect a waiver. No failure or delay by any party
in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof
preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.

9. Defined Terms. Capitalized terms used and not defined herein and defined in the Reorganization Agreement shall have the
meaning ascribed to them in the Reorganization Agreement.

10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be an original, and all of which
together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

[Remainder of page intentionally blank]
 

A-D-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 221/233

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed as of the day first above written.
 

UNITED BANKSHARES, INC.

By:  
Name: Richard M. Adams
Title:  Chairman of the Board and Chief

 Executive Officer

STOCKHOLDER

 
Name: 

 

Shares as to which Stockholder has sole:

Voting Power:                                                         

Dispositive Power:                                                  

Restricted shares held by Stockholder:                  

Options held by Stockholder:                                

[Signature Page to Support Agreement]
 

A-D-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 222/233

Table of Contents

List of Disclosure Schedules
to the

Agreement and Plan of Reorganization
dated August 17, 2016

among
United Bankshares, Inc., UBV Holding Company LLC and Cardinal Financial Corporation

United Disclosure Schedule
 

Section 5.02(a)   Ordinary Course
Section 5.02(g)   Governing Documents
Section 6.04(b)(i)   Outstanding Options
Section 6.04(f)(ii)   Regulatory Approvals
Section 6.04(g)(ii)   Financial Reports and SEC Documents
Section 6.04(l)   Employee Benefit Plans
Section 6.04(m)   Broker Fee
Section 6.04(t)   Insurance

Cardinal Disclosure Schedule
 

Section 5.01(b)   Capital Stock
Section 5.01(c)   Dividends, Etc.
Section 5.01(d)   Compensation; Employment Agreements; Etc.
Section 5.01(e)   Benefit Plans
Section 5.01(j)   Contracts
Section 6.03(c)   Subsidiaries
Section 6.03(g)   Financial Reports and SEC Documents; Absence of Certain Changes or Events
Section 6.03(h)   Litigation
Section 6.03(k)   Material Contracts; Defaults
Section 6.03(l)   Broker Fee
Section 6.03(m)   Employee Benefit Plans
Section 6.03(t)   Insurance
Section 6.03(v)(iv)   Loan Matters
Section 7.01   Reasonable Best Efforts
Section 7.10(b)   Benefit Plans
Section 7.10(d)   Benefit Plans



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 223/233

Table of Contents

Appendix B

August 17, 2016

Board of Directors
Cardinal Financial Corporation
8270 Greensboro Drive, Suite 500
McLean, VA 22102

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Cardinal Financial Corporation (“Cardinal”), United Bankshares, Inc. (“United”) and UBV Holding Company, LLC (“Merger Sub”),
a wholly owned subsidiary of United, intend to enter into an agreement and plan of reorganization (the “Agreement”) pursuant to which
Cardinal will merge with and into Merger Sub with Merger Sub as the surviving entity (the “Merger”). Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement, upon the Effective Time of the Merger, each share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Cardinal (“Cardinal
Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, except for those shares as specified in the Agreement,
shall be converted into the right to receive 0.71 shares (the “Exchange Ratio”) of common stock, $2.50 par value, of United (“United
Common Stock”). The other terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement, and capitalized terms used
herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Agreement. You have requested our opinion as to the fairness,
from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Ratio to the holders of Cardinal Common Stock.

Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P., as part of its investment banking business, is regularly engaged in the valuation of financial
institutions and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions. In connection with this
opinion, we have reviewed, among other things: (i) a draft of the Agreement, dated August 16, 2016; (ii) certain publicly available
financial statements and other historical financial information of Cardinal that we deemed relevant; (iii) certain publicly available financial
statements and other historical financial information of United that we deemed relevant; (iv) publicly available consensus mean and
median analyst earnings per share estimates for Cardinal for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an
estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Cardinal; (v) publicly
available consensus mean and median analyst earnings per share estimates for United for the years ending December 31, 2016 and
December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior
management of United; (vi) the pro forma financial impact of the Merger on United based on certain assumptions relating to transaction
costs, purchase accounting adjustments, expected cost savings, a core deposit intangible asset, a provision expense and United’s issuance
of a certain amount of perpetual preferred stock, as provided by the senior management of United; (vii) the publicly reported historical
price and trading activity for Cardinal Common Stock and United Common Stock, including a comparison of certain stock market
information for Cardinal Common Stock and United Common Stock and certain stock indices, as well as publicly available information
for certain other similar companies, the securities of which are publicly traded; (viii) a comparison of certain financial information for
Cardinal and United with similar institutions for which information is publicly available; (ix) the financial terms of certain recent business
combinations in the bank and thrift industry (on a nationwide basis), to the extent publicly available; (x) the current market environment
generally and in the banking sector in particular; and (xi) such other information, financial studies, analyses and investigations and
financial, economic and market criteria as we considered relevant. We also discussed with certain members of senior management of
Cardinal the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of Cardinal and held similar discussions with the senior
management of United regarding the business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects of United.

In performing our review, we have relied upon the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial and other information that was
available to us from public sources, that was provided to us by Cardinal and United, or their respective representatives, or that was
otherwise reviewed by us and have assumed such accuracy and
 

B-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 224/233

Table of Contents

completeness for purposes of preparing this letter. We have further relied on the assurances of the management of Cardinal and United that
they are not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make any of such information inaccurate or misleading. We have not been
asked to and have not undertaken an independent verification of any of such information and we do not assume any responsibility or
liability for the accuracy or completeness thereof. We did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the specific assets, the
collateral securing assets or the liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Cardinal or United, or any of their respective subsidiaries, nor have
we been furnished with any such evaluations or appraisals. We render no opinion or evaluation on the collectability of any assets or the
future performance of any loans of Cardinal or United. We did not make an independent evaluation of the adequacy of the allowance for
loan losses of Cardinal, United or the combined entity after the Merger and we have not reviewed any individual credit files relating to
Cardinal or United. We have assumed, with your consent, that the respective allowances for loan losses for both Cardinal and United are
adequate to cover such losses and will be adequate on a pro forma basis for the combined entity.

In preparing its analyses, Sandler O’Neill used publicly available consensus mean analyst earnings per share estimates for Cardinal
for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated long-term earnings per share growth rate for the
years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of Cardinal. In addition, Sandler O’Neill used publicly available consensus mean
analyst earnings per share estimates for United for the years ending December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2017 as well as an estimated
long-term earnings per share growth rate for the years thereafter, as provided by the senior management of United. Sandler O’Neill also
received and used in its pro forma analyses certain assumptions relating to transaction costs, purchase accounting adjustments, expected
cost savings, a core deposit intangible asset, a provision expense and United’s issuance of a certain amount of perpetual preferred stock, as
provided by the senior management of United. With respect to the foregoing information, the respective senior managements of Cardinal
and United confirmed to us that those estimates and judgments reflected the best currently available estimates and judgments of those
respective managements of the future financial performance of Cardinal and United, respectively, and we assumed that such performance
would be achieved. We express no opinion as to such information or the assumptions on which such information is based. We have also
assumed that there has been no material change in the respective assets, financial condition, results of operations, business or prospects of
Cardinal or United since the date of the most recent financial data made available to us. We have also assumed in all respects material to
our analysis that Cardinal and United would remain as going concerns for all periods relevant to our analyses.

We have also assumed, with your consent, that (i) each of the parties to the Agreement will comply in all material respects with all
material terms of the Agreement and all related agreements, that all of the representations and warranties contained in such agreements are
true and correct in all material respects, that each of the parties to such agreements will perform in all material respects all of the covenants
required to be performed by such party under the agreements and that the conditions precedent in such agreements are not and will not be
waived, (ii) in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory or third party approvals, consents and releases with respect to the Merger,
no delay, limitation, restriction or condition will be imposed that would have an adverse effect on Cardinal, United or the Merger or any
related transaction, (iii) the Merger will be consummated without Cardinal’s rights under Section 9.01(i) of the Agreement having been
triggered, and (iv) the Merger and any related transaction will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the Agreement without any
waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement thereof and in compliance with all applicable laws and
other requirements. Finally, with your consent, we have relied upon the advice that Cardinal has received from its legal, accounting and tax
advisors as to all legal, accounting and tax matters relating to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement.

Our analyses and the views expressed herein are necessarily based on financial, economic, regulatory, market and other conditions as
in effect on, and the information made available to us as of, the date hereof. Events occurring after the date hereof could materially affect
our views. We have not undertaken to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw this letter or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the
date
 

B-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 225/233

Table of Contents

hereof. We express no opinion as to the trading values of Cardinal Common Stock or United Common Stock at any time or what the value
of United Common Stock will be once it is actually received by the holders of Cardinal Common Stock.

We have acted as Cardinal’s financial advisor in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee for our services, which fee is
contingent upon the consummation of the Merger. We also will receive a fee for rendering this opinion, which opinion fee will be credited
in full towards the transaction fee which will become payable to Sandler O’Neill on the day of closing of the Merger. Cardinal has also
agreed to indemnify us against certain liabilities arising out of our engagement and to reimburse us for certain of our out-of-pocket
expenses incurred in connection with our engagement. As we have previously advised you, in the two years preceding the date of this
opinion we have provided certain investment banking services to United and have received customary compensation for such services and
may provide, and receive compensation for, such services in the future. In addition, in the ordinary course of our business as a broker-
dealer, we may purchase securities from and sell securities to Cardinal and United and their respective affiliates. We may also actively
trade the equity and debt securities of Cardinal and United or their respective affiliates for our own account and for the accounts of our
customers.

This letter is directed to the Board of Directors of Cardinal in connection with its consideration of the Merger and does not constitute
a recommendation to any shareholder of Cardinal as to how such shareholder should vote at any meeting of shareholders called to consider
and vote upon the Merger. Our opinion is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Exchange Ratio to the holders
of Cardinal Common Stock and does not address the underlying business decision of Cardinal to engage in the Merger, the relative merits
of the Merger as compared to any other alternative business strategies that might exist for Cardinal or the effect of any other transaction in
which Cardinal might engage. We do not express any opinion as to amount or nature of the compensation to be received in the Merger by
any Cardinal or United officer, director, or employee, or class of such persons, if any, relative to the compensation to be received in the
Merger by any other shareholder. This Opinion has been approved by Sandler O’Neill’s fairness opinion committee. This opinion shall not
be reproduced without Sandler O’Neill’s prior written consent; provided, however, Sandler O’Neill will provide its consent for the opinion
to be included in regulatory filings to be completed in connection with the Merger.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio is fair to the holders of
Cardinal Common Stock from a financial point of view.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Sandler O’Neill & Partners, L.P.
 

B-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 226/233

Table of Contents

Appendix C

August 17, 2016

The Board of Directors
United Bankshares, Inc.
300 United Center
500 Virginia Center, East
Charleston, WV 25301

Members of the Board:

You have requested the opinion of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (“KBW” or “we”) as investment bankers as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, to United Bankshares, Inc. (“United”) of the Exchange Ratio (as defined below) in the proposed merger (the
“Merger”) of Cardinal Financial Corporation (“Cardinal”) with and into UBV Holding Company, LLC (“Merger Sub”), with Merger Sub
as the surviving entity in the Merger, pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Agreement”) to be entered into by and
among United, Cardinal and Merger Sub. Pursuant to the Agreement and subject to the terms, conditions and limitations set forth therein,
at the Effective Time (as defined in the Agreement), by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of United or Cardinal or
any other person, each holder of a share of common stock, par value $1.00 per share, of Cardinal ( “Cardinal Common Stock”) then issued
and outstanding (other than shares held by United and its subsidiaries (except in each case for shares held by them in a fiduciary capacity
or as a result of debts previously contracted)) shall receive in respect thereof 0.71 of a share of common stock, par value $2.50 per share,
of United (“United Common Stock”). The ratio of 0.71 of a share of United Common Stock for one share of Cardinal Common Stock is
referred to herein as the “Exchange Ratio.” The terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement.

In addition, as more fully described in the Agreement, after the Effective Time, Cardinal Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Cardinal, shall merge with and into United Bank, a wholly owned-subsidiary of Merger Sub (“United Bank”), with United Bank as the
surviving entity, pursuant to a separate agreement and plan of merger (such transaction, the “Bank Merger”). Further, as more fully
described to us by representatives of United, at or prior to the time of closing of the Merger, United expects to complete an offering of
preferred stock of United for gross proceeds to United of approximately $200.00 million (the “United Preferred Offering”). At the
direction of United and with the consent of the Board (as defined below) we have assumed, for purposes of certain of our analyses and this
opinion, the completion of United Preferred Offering as described to us by representatives of United.

KBW has acted as financial advisor to United and not as an advisor to or agent of any other person. As part of our investment
banking business, we are continually engaged in the valuation of bank and bank holding company securities in connection with
acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for
various other purposes. As specialists in the securities of banking companies, we have experience in, and knowledge of, the valuation of
banking enterprises. In the ordinary course of their broker-dealer businesses, KBW and its affiliates may from time to time purchase
securities from, and sell securities to, United and Cardinal and their respective affiliates, and as market makers in securities, KBW and its
affiliates may from time to time have a long or short position in, and buy or sell, debt or equity securities of United or Cardinal for its and
their own accounts and for the accounts of its and their respective customers and clients. We have acted exclusively for the board of
directors of United (the “Board”) in rendering this opinion and will receive a fee from United for our services. A portion of our fee is
payable upon the rendering of this opinion, and a significant portion is contingent upon the successful completion of the Merger. In
addition, United has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities arising out of our engagement.

Other than in connection with the present engagement, KBW has not provided investment banking and financial advisory services to
United during the past two years. During the past two years, KBW has not provided investment banking and financial advisory services to
Cardinal. We may in the future provide investment banking and financial advisory services to United or Cardinal and receive
compensation for such services. KBW
 

C-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 227/233

Table of Contents

expects to serve as co-lead book running manager underwriter, co-lead initial purchaser or co-lead placement agent, as the case may be, in
connection with the United Preferred Offering.

In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed, analyzed and relied upon material bearing upon the financial and operating
condition of United and Cardinal and bearing upon the Merger, including among other things, the following: (i) a draft of the Agreement
dated August 14, 2016 (the most recent draft made available to us); (ii) the audited financial statements and the Annual Reports on Form
10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 of United; (iii) the unaudited quarterly financial statements and Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 of United; (iv) the audited financial statements and the
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31, 2015 of Cardinal; (v) the unaudited quarterly financial
statements and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended March 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016 of Cardinal; (vi) certain
regulatory filings of United and Cardinal and their respective subsidiaries, including the quarterly reports on Form FR Y-9C and the
quarterly call reports required to be filed with respect to each quarter during the three year period ended June 30, 2016; (vii) certain other
interim reports and other communications of United and Cardinal to their respective stockholders; and (viii) other financial information
concerning the businesses and operations of United and Cardinal furnished to us by United and Cardinal or which we were otherwise
directed to use for purposes of our analysis. Our consideration of financial information and other factors that we deemed appropriate under
the circumstances or relevant to our analyses included, among others, the following: (i) the historical and current financial position and
results of operations of United and Cardinal; (ii) the assets and liabilities of United and Cardinal; (iii) the nature and terms of certain other
merger transactions and business combinations in the banking industry; (iv) a comparison of certain financial and stock market
information of United and Cardinal with similar information for certain other companies the securities of which are publicly traded; (v)
publicly-available consensus “street estimates” of Cardinal for 2016 and 2017, as well as assumed Cardinal long term growth rates
provided to us by United management, all of which information was discussed with us by United management and Cardinal management
and used and relied upon by us at the direction of United management with the consent of the Board; (vi) publicly-available consensus
“street estimates” of United for 2016 and 2017, as well as assumed United long term growth rates provided to us by United management,
all of which information was discussed with us by such management and used and relied upon by us at the direction of such management
and with the consent of the Board; and (vii) estimates regarding certain pro forma financial effects of the Merger on United (including,
without limitation, the potential cost savings and related expenses expected to result or be derived from the Merger) that were prepared by
United management, provided to and discussed with us by such management, and used and relied upon at the direction of such
management with the consent of the Board. We have also performed such other studies and analyses as we considered appropriate and
have taken into account our assessment of general economic, market and financial conditions and our experience in other transactions, as
well as our experience in securities valuation and knowledge of the banking industry generally. We have also participated in discussions
that were held with the respective managements of United and Cardinal regarding the past and current business operations, regulatory
relations, financial condition and future prospects of their respective companies and such other matters as we have deemed relevant to our
inquiry.

In conducting our review and arriving at our opinion, we have relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial and other information provided to us or publicly available and we have not independently verified the accuracy or completeness
of any such information or assumed any responsibility or liability for such verification, accuracy or completeness. We have relied upon the
management of United as to the reasonableness and achievability of the publicly available consensus “street estimates” and long term
growth rates of United and Cardinal referred to above that were provided to or otherwise discussed with us by such management, and that
in each case we were directed by such management to use. We have further relied upon such management as to the reasonableness and
achievability of the estimates regarding certain pro forma financial effects of the Merger on United (and the assumptions and bases
therefor) that were prepared by, and provided to and discussed with us by, such management and that we were directed by such
management to use. We have assumed, at the direction of United, that all of the foregoing information was reasonably prepared on bases
reflecting, or in the case of the United and Cardinal publicly available “street estimates” referred to above
 

C-2



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 228/233

Table of Contents

are consistent with, the best currently available estimates and judgments of United management, and that the forecasts, projections and
estimates reflected in such information will be realized in the amounts and in the time periods currently estimated.

It is understood that the assumed long term growth rates and estimates referred to above that were provided to us by United were not
prepared with the expectation of public disclosure, that all such assumed long term growth rates and estimates, together with the publicly
available consensus “street estimates” of United and Cardinal referred to above, are based on numerous variables and assumptions that are
inherently uncertain, including, without limitation, factors related to general economic and competitive conditions and that, accordingly,
actual results could vary significantly from those set forth in such information. We have assumed, based on discussions with the respective
managements of United and Cardinal and with the consent of the Board, that all such information provides a reasonable basis upon which
we could form our opinion and we express no view as to any such information or the assumptions or bases therefor. We have relied on all
such information without independent verification or analysis and do not in any respect assume any responsibility or liability for the
accuracy or completeness thereof.

We also have assumed that there have been no material changes in the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations,
business or prospects of either United or Cardinal since the date of the last financial statements of each such entity that were made
available to us. We are not experts in the independent verification of the adequacy of allowances for loan and lease losses and we have
assumed, without independent verification and with your consent, that the aggregate allowances for loan and lease losses for United and
Cardinal are adequate to cover such losses. In rendering our opinion, we have not made or obtained any evaluations or appraisals or
physical inspection of the property, assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of United or Cardinal, the collateral securing any of such
assets or liabilities, or the collectability of any such assets, nor have we examined any individual loan or credit files, nor did we evaluate
the solvency, financial capability or fair value of United or Cardinal under any state or federal laws, including those relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency or other matters. Estimates of values of companies and assets do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at
which companies or assets may actually be sold. Because such estimates are inherently subject to uncertainty, we assume no responsibility
or liability for their accuracy.

We have assumed, in all respects material to our analyses, the following: (i) that the Merger will be completed substantially in
accordance with the terms set forth in the Agreement (the final terms of which we have assumed will not differ in any respect material to
our analyses from the draft version reviewed by us (except as has been otherwise described to us by representatives of United)) with no
adjustments to the Exchange Ratio; (ii) that any related transactions (including the Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering) will be
completed substantially in accordance with the terms set forth in the Agreement or as otherwise described to us by representatives of
United; (iii) that the representations and warranties of each party in the Agreement and in all related documents and instruments referred to
in the Agreement are true and correct; (iv) that each party to the Agreement or any of the related documents will perform all of the
covenants and agreements required to be performed by such party under such documents; (v) that there are no factors that would delay or
subject to any adverse conditions, any necessary regulatory or governmental approval for the Merger and any related transactions
(including the Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering) and that all conditions to the completion of the Merger and any related
transaction will be satisfied without any waivers or modifications to the Agreement or any related documents; and (vi) that in the course of
obtaining the necessary regulatory, contractual, or other consents or approvals for the Merger and any related transactions (including the
Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering), no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements, termination or other payments or
amendments or modifications, will be imposed that will have a material adverse effect on the future results of operations or financial
condition of United, Cardinal or the pro forma entity or the contemplated benefits of the Merger, including the cost savings and related
expenses expected to result or be derived from the Merger. We have assumed that the Merger will be consummated in a manner that
complies with the applicable provisions of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and
all other applicable federal and state statutes, rules and regulations. We have further been advised by representatives
 

C-3



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 229/233

Table of Contents

of United that United has relied upon advice from its advisors (other than KBW) or other appropriate sources as to all legal, financial
reporting, tax, accounting and regulatory matters with respect to United, Cardinal, Merger Sub, the Merger and any related transaction
(including the Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering), and the Agreement. KBW has not provided advice with respect to any
such matters.

This opinion addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view, as of the date hereof, of the Exchange Ratio in the Merger to
United. We express no view or opinion as to any other terms or aspects of the Merger or any terms or aspects of any related transaction
(including the Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering), including without limitation, the form or structure of the Merger or any
related transaction, the treatment of outstanding trust preferred securities of Cardinal in the Merger, any consequences of the Merger or any
related transaction to United, its stockholders, creditors or otherwise, or any terms, aspects or implications of any employment, consulting,
voting, support, stockholder or other agreements, arrangements or understandings contemplated or entered into in connection with the
Merger, any related transaction, or otherwise. Our opinion is necessarily based upon conditions as they exist and can be evaluated on the
date hereof and the information made available to us through the date hereof. It is understood that subsequent developments may affect the
conclusion reached in this opinion and that KBW does not have an obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion does
not address, and we express no view or opinion with respect to, (i) the underlying business decision of United to engage in the Merger or
enter into the Agreement, (ii) the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that are, have been or may be
available to or contemplated by United or the Board, (iii) the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to any of United’s
officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to any compensation to the holders of United Common Stock or
relative to the Exchange Ratio, (iv) the effect of the Merger or any related transaction on, or the fairness of the consideration to be received
by, holders of any class of securities of United or Cardinal or any other party to any transaction contemplated by the Agreement, (v) any
adjustment (as provided in the Agreement (except as has been otherwise described to us by representatives of United)) to the Exchange
Ratio assumed for purposes of our opinion, (vi) the actual value of United Common Stock to be issued in the Merger, (vii) the prices,
trading range or volume at which United Common Stock or Cardinal Common Stock may trade following the public announcement of the
Merger or the prices, trading range or volume at which United Common Stock may trade following the consummation of the Merger, (viii)
any advice or opinions provided by any other advisor to any of the parties to the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the
Agreement, or (ix) any legal, regulatory, accounting, tax or similar matters relating to United, Cardinal, any of their respective
shareholders, Merger Sub, or relating to or arising out of or as a consequence of the Merger or any other related transaction (including the
Bank Merger and the United Preferred Offering), including whether or not the Merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes.

This opinion is for the information of, and is directed to, the Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its consideration of the
financial terms of the Merger. This opinion does not constitute a recommendation to the Board as to how it should vote on the Merger or to
any holder of United Common Stock or any shareholder of any other entity as to how to vote in connection with the Merger or any other
matter, nor does it constitute a recommendation as to whether or not any such shareholder should enter into a voting, shareholders’,
affiliates’ or other agreement with respect to the Merger or exercise any dissenters’ or appraisal rights that may be available to such
shareholder.

This opinion has been reviewed and approved by our Fairness Opinion Committee in conformity with our policies and procedures
established under the requirements of Rule 5150 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Exchange Ratio in the Merger is fair, from a
financial point of view, to United.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.

Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.
 

C-4



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 230/233

Table of Contents

Appendix D

PROPOSED AMENDMENT TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION
OF UNITED BANKSHARES

ARTICLES OF AMENDMENT
OF ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION

OF UNITED BANKSHARES, INC.

Pursuant to the provisions of Section 31D-10-1006 of the West Virginia Code, United Bankshares, Inc., a West Virginia corporation,
adopts and files the following Articles of Amendment to its Articles of Incorporation:

I. The name of the corporation is United Bankshares, Inc.

II. The corporation’s Articles of Incorporation were filed on March 26, 1982.

III. The following amendment to the Articles of Incorporation was approved by the shareholders of the corporation on                    ,
2017, to-wit:

Article VI. A. of the Articles of Incorporation shall be and is hereby deleted in its entirety and the following new Article VI. A. shall
be and is hereby substituted in lieu thereof:

“VI. A. The amount of authorized capital stock of the Corporation is Five Hundred Fifty Million Dollars ($550,000,000.00), which
shall be divided into Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) shares of common stock with the par value of Two Dollars and Fifty Cents
($2.50) per share and Fifty Million (50,000,000) shares of preferred stock with the par value of One Dollar ($1.00) per share.”

As so amended, the Articles of Incorporation, together with this amendment, shall constitute the Articles of Incorporation of the
corporation.

Executed by the undersigned as of the      day of                    , 2017.
 

United Bankshares, Inc.

By:  

 Richard M. Adams

Its:
 

Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer

 
D-1



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 231/233

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS OF

CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION

April 7, 2017

GO GREEN

  

e-Consent makes it easy to go paperless. With e-Consent, you can quickly access your proxy
material, statements and other eligible documents online, while reducing costs, clutter and
paper waste. Enroll today via www.amstock.com to enjoy online access.   

NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIAL:

The Notice of Meeting, proxy statement and proxy card
are available at www.cardinalbank.com/InvestorRelations/2017SpecialMeeting

Please sign, date and mail
your proxy card in the

envelope provided as soon
as possible.

  Please detach along perforated line and mail in the envelope provided. 
 

  00030030300000000000     8     040717  
 

THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS A VOTE “FOR” PROPOSALS 1, 2 AND 3.
PLEASE SIGN, DATE AND RETURN PROMPTLY IN THE ENCLOSED ENVELOPE. PLEASE MARK YOUR VOTE IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS

SHOWN HERE  ☒
       FOR     AGAINST     ABSTAIN  

 

 

 

1

 

To approve the Agreement and Plan of
Reorganization, dated as of August 17, 2016,
by and among United Bankshares, Inc., its
subsidiary UBV Holding Company, LLC and
Cardinal Financial Corporation (“Cardinal”),
and related plan of merger, as each may be
amended from time to time (the “merger
agreement”).  

☐

 

☐

 

☐

 

 

 

 

2

 

To approve, in a non-binding advisory vote,
certain compensation that may become payable
to Cardinal’s named executive officers in
connection with the merger.  

☐

 

☐

 

☐

 

 

 

 

3

 

To approve the adjournment, postponement or
continuance of the special meeting on one or
more occasions, if necessary or appropriate, in
order to further solicit additional proxies, in
the event that there are not sufficient votes at
the time of the special meeting to approve the
merger agreement.  

☐

 

☐

 

☐

 

       
 

 

 

  

THIS PROXY, WHEN PROPERLY EXECUTED, WILL BE VOTED IN
THE MANNER DIRECTED HEREIN BY THE SHAREHOLDER. IF
NO DIRECTION IS GIVEN, THIS PROXY WILL BE VOTED FOR
PROPOSALS 1, 2 AND 3.

 

    PLEASE MARK, SIGN, DATE AND RETURN PROMPTLY.
 

    
 



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 232/233

     
To change the address on your account, please
check the box at right and indicate your new
address in the address space above. Please note
that changes to the registered name(s) on the
account may not be submitted via this method.  

☐ 
  

 

Signature of Shareholder     Date:     Signature of Shareholder    Date:    

  

Note:

  

Please sign exactly as your name or names appear on this Proxy. When shares are held jointly, each holder should
sign. When signing as executor, administrator, attorney, trustee or guardian, please give full title as such. If the
signer is a corporation, please sign full corporate name by duly authorized officer, giving full title as such. If signer
is a partnership, please sign in partnership name by authorized person.   



8/16/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1060523/000119312517067684/d355698ddefm14a.htm 233/233

Table of Contents

 
 

  

 
CARDINAL FINANCIAL CORPORATION

Proxy Solicited on Behalf of The Board of Directors

The undersigned hereby appoints Mark A. Wendel and Jennifer L. Deacon, jointly and severally, proxies, with full power to act
alone, and with full power of substitution, to represent the undersigned and to vote on all matters as may properly be brought before
such meeting, all shares of Common Stock that the undersigned would be entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders of
Cardinal Financial Corporation, a Virginia corporation, to be held on Friday, April 7, 2017, at 10:30 A.M., local time, at the Hilton
McLean Tysons Corner, 7920 Jones Branch Drive, McLean, Virginia 22102, or any adjournments thereof, for the following purposes:

(Continued and to be dated and signed on other side.)

 
 

 1.1   14475 


