







































9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 1/199

DEFM14A 1 d329156ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

INVENSENSE, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☐  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 
(1)

 
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 

 
(2)

 
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the
amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 

 
(4)

 
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 

 
(5)

 
Total fee paid:
 



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 2/199

☒  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the
offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the
date of its filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount previously paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     

 
  



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 3/199

Table of Contents

InvenSense, Inc.
1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200

San Jose, California 95110

Dear Stockholder:

We cordially invite you to attend a special meeting of stockholders of InvenSense, Inc., which will be held at our corporate headquarters, 1745 Technology Drive,
San Jose, California 95110, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. local time.

At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2016, entered
into by and among InvenSense, TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation, (such agreement,
as it may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which InvenSense would be acquired by TDK Corporation through a merger of
InvenSense with TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation (the “Merger”). At the special meeting, you will also be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve, on a
non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and a proposal to
postpone or adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement if there are
insufficient votes at the time of such adjournment to approve the Merger Agreement.

If the Merger is completed, each share of InvenSense common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, other than certain
shares owned by InvenSense, TDK Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled) and shares held by stockholders who have validly
exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash, without interest.

The merger consideration represents a 74% premium over the closing price of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) on October 27, 2016,
the last trading day prior to our announcement that our Board of Directors was exploring strategic alternatives for our business, a 57% premium over the closing price of
our common stock on the NYSE on December 8, 2016, the last trading day prior to the announcement of market rumors that we were in discussions to be acquired by
TDK Corporation, and a 20% premium over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 20, 2016, the last trading day prior to our announcement
that we had entered into the Merger Agreement.

After carefully considering the factors more fully described in the accompanying proxy statement, our Board of Directors has unanimously determined
that the Merger and Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, are fair to and in the best interests of InvenSense and
its stockholders and approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. Our Board of Directors recommends
that you vote (i) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and thereby approve the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including
the Merger, (ii) “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable by InvenSense to our
named executive officers in connection with the Merger, and (iii) “FOR” the proposal to approve one or more postponements or adjournments of the special
meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time
of the special meeting.

The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the special meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is
attached as Appendix A to the proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of our Board of Directors in connection with its
evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. We encourage you to read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in
their entirety.

Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. The Merger cannot be completed unless the Merger Agreement is adopted
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting. Whether or not you
plan to attend the special meeting in person, please sign and return the enclosed proxy card, or vote electronically over the Internet or by telephone as
instructed in the proxy materials. If you attend the special meeting and wish to vote in person, you may do so even though you have previously voted by proxy.
The failure to vote will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the adoption of the Merger Agreement.

If your shares are held in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares in accordance with the voting
instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals
without your instructions, and the failure to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the
adoption of the Merger Agreement.

If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
Toll free: (980) 322-2885
Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

We look forward to seeing you at the special meeting, and thank you for your continued support of InvenSense.

On behalf of the Board of Directors,

/s/ Behrooz Abdi

Behrooz Abdi
President and Chief Executive Officer

The accompanying proxy statement is dated March 27, 2017, and is first being mailed to stockholders on or about March 29, 2017.



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 4/199

Table of Contents

InvenSense, Inc.
1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200

San Jose, California 95110

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To be held May 17, 2017

A special meeting of stockholders of InvenSense, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“InvenSense” or the “Company”), will be held at the Company’s
corporate headquarters, 1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. local time, for the following
purposes:
 

 

1. To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2016, entered into by and
among InvenSense, TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation,
(as such agreement may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which InvenSense would be acquired by
TDK Corporation through a merger of InvenSense with TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation (the “Merger”), and each share of InvenSense
common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, other than shares owned by InvenSense, TDK
Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled) and shares held by stockholders who have validly exercised
their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash, without
interest (the “Merger Proposal”);

 

 2. To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to
InvenSense’s named executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “Merger-related Compensation Proposal”); and

 

 
3. To consider and vote on a proposal to approve the postponement or adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to

solicit additional proxies in favor of the Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the
Merger Proposal (the “Adjournment Proposal”).

The accompanying proxy statement describes the proposals listed above in more detail. Please refer to the accompanying proxy statement,
including the Merger Agreement attached as Appendix A to the proxy statement and the other annexes and documents included in, or incorporated by
reference into, the proxy statement, for further information with respect to the business to be transacted at the special meeting. You are encouraged to
read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting is required to
approve the Merger Proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock represented at the special meeting, either
in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereon, is required to approve each of the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment
Proposal.

The failure of any stockholder of record to submit a signed proxy card, vote electronically over the Internet or by telephone or vote in person by
ballot at the special meeting will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal. The failure of any stockholder of record to submit
a signed proxy card, vote electronically over the Internet or by telephone or attend the special meeting in person will not have any effect on the
Merger-related Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal, however, if a stockholder of record attends the special meeting in person but has
not submitted a proxy and fails to vote in person by ballot, that will be treated as an abstention. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Merger Proposal, the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal. If you hold your shares in “street
name” and fail to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote, your shares will not be voted, which will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Merger Proposal, but will have no effect on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal assuming a
quorum is present at the special meeting.

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2017 are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting or any
postponement or adjournment thereof.

Stockholders who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of
their shares of common stock if they deliver a demand for appraisal before the vote is taken on the Merger Proposal and comply with all of the
requirements of Delaware law, which are summarized in the accompanying proxy statement and reproduced in their entirety in Appendix C to the
proxy statement.

Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the Merger Proposal, (ii) “FOR” the Merger-related
Compensation Proposal and (iii) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.
 

  By Order of the Board of Directors,

  /s/ Mark Dentinger

San Jose, California   Mark Dentinger
Dated: March 27, 2017   Chief Financial Officer



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 5/199

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROXY STATEMENT

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. No one has been
authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy
statement. This proxy statement is dated March 27, 2017, and you should assume that the information contained in this proxy statement
is accurate only as of such date. You should also assume that the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement is
accurate only as of the date of such information.

This proxy statement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or the
solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation in
such jurisdiction.

Stockholders should not construe the contents of this proxy statement as legal, tax or financial advice. Stockholders should
consult with their own legal, tax, financial or other professional advisors. All summaries of, and references to, the agreements
governing the terms of the transactions described in this proxy statement are qualified by the full copies of and complete text of such
agreements in the forms attached hereto as Annexes, which are available on the website of the Securities and Exchange Commission,
www.sec.gov.



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 6/199

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page  
SUMMARY    1 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    14 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    23 
PARTIES TO THE MERGER    24 

InvenSense, Inc.    24 
TDK Corporation    24 
TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation    24 

THE SPECIAL MEETING    25 
Time, Place and Purpose of the Special Meeting    25 
Board Recommendation    25 
Shares Entitled to Vote; Record Date and Quorum    25 
Who Can Vote at the Special Meeting    26 
Vote Required; How You Can Vote    26 
Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons    27 
How You May Change or Revoke Your Vote    28 
Proxy Solicitation    28 
Adjournments    28 
Attending the Special Meeting    28 
Assistance    29 

THE MERGER    30 
Background of the Merger    30 
Reasons for the Merger    54 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors    58 
Certain Prospective Financial Information    58 
Opinion of InvenSense’s Financial Advisor    63 
Treatment of Equity Awards    69 
Financing of the Merger    70 
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests    71 
Golden Parachute Compensation    78 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences    79 
Governmental and Regulatory Approvals    82 
Legal Proceedings    83 
Anticipated Closing of the Merger    84 
Delisting and Deregistration of our Common Stock    84 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    85 
Merger Consideration    85 
Closing; Effective Time of the Merger    85 
Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates    85 
Effect on Stock Options, RSUs and Shares of Restricted Stock    86 
Representations and Warranties    87 
Conduct of Business Pending Closing    89 
No Solicitation; Other Offers    91 
Other Covenants    94 
Conditions to the Merger    94 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    96 
Termination Fees    97 
Amendment and Waiver    98 
Assignment    98 
Governing Law    98 

 
i



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 7/199

Table of Contents

   Page  
THE VOTING AGREEMENTS    100 

Voting Provisions    100 
Restrictions on Transfer; Other Actions    100 
Non-Solicitation    101 
Representations and Warranties    101 
Other Covenants    101 
Termination    102 

APPRAISAL RIGHTS    103 
Filing Written Demand    104 
Notice by the Surviving Corporation    105 
Filing a Petition for Appraisal    105 

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA    108 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS    109 
PROPOSAL 1: THE MERGER PROPOSAL    111 
PROPOSAL 2: THE MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION PROPOSAL    111 
PROPOSAL 3: THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL    112 
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    113 
HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS    113 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    114 
Appendix A—Agreement and Plan of Merger    A-1 
Appendix B—Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP    B-1 
Appendix C—Section  262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Appraisal Rights)    C-1 
Appendix D—Form of Voting Agreement    D-1 
 

ii



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 8/199

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement with respect to the special meeting and the Merger,
and it may not contain all of the information that is important to you. Accordingly, we encourage you to read carefully this entire
proxy statement, its appendices and the documents referred to or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. You may obtain
the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions in the section of
this proxy statement captioned “Where You Can Find More Information.”

In this proxy statement, the terms “we,” “us,” “our,” “InvenSense” and “the Company” refer to InvenSense, Inc. and our
subsidiaries. We sometimes refer to TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation as “Merger Subsidiary.” We refer to Qatalyst Partners LP
as “Qatalyst Partners.” We refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2016, by and among InvenSense,
TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary as the “Merger Agreement.” The Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement. We encourage you to read the Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger, carefully and in
its entirety.
 

•  Parties to the Merger (see page 24)

InvenSense, Inc. InvenSense is a Delaware corporation headquartered in San Jose, California. We design, develop, market and
sell sensor systems on a chip, including accelerometers, gyroscopes and microphones for the mobile, wearable, smart home,
gaming, industrial, and automotive market segments. We deliver leading solutions based on our advanced motion and sound
technology and are dedicated to bringing the best-in-class size, performance and cost solutions to market. We target solutions
such as: smartphones, tablets, wearables, console and portable video gaming devices, digital television and set-top box remote
controls, fitness accessories, sports equipment, digital still cameras, automobiles, ultra-books, laptops, hearing aids,
stabilization systems, tools, navigation devices, remote controlled toys and other household consumer and industrial devices.

TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary. TDK Corporation is an electronics company based in Tokyo, Japan. TDK
Corporation’s portfolio includes electronic components, modules and systems marketed under the product brands TDK
Corporation and EPCOS, power supplies, magnetic application products as well as energy devices, flash memory application
devices, and others. TDK Corporation focuses in the areas of information and communication technology and consumer,
automotive and industrial electronics. Merger Subsidiary is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of TDK Corporation formed for purposes of the Merger.

 

•  The Special Meeting (see page 25)

Date, Time and Place of Special Meeting. A special meeting of our stockholders will be held at our corporate headquarters,
1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017, at 10:00 a.m. local time.

Purpose of Special Meeting. The purpose of the special meeting is for our stockholders to consider and vote on the following
proposals:

 

 

•  To adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2016, entered into by and among InvenSense,
TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation, (such
agreement, as it may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which InvenSense would be
acquired by TDK Corporation through a merger of InvenSense with Merger Subsidiary (the “Merger”) and each share of
InvenSense common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, other than shares
owned by InvenSense, TDK Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled) and

 

 
1



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 9/199

Table of Contents

 
shares held by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be
cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash, without interest (the “Merger Proposal”);

 

 
•  To approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named

executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “Merger-related Compensation Proposal”); and
 

 
•  To approve the postponement or adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional

proxies in favor of the Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the
Merger Proposal (the “Adjournment Proposal”).

Record date of Special Meeting. Our Board of Directors has established the close of business on March 23, 2017 as the record
date for the special meeting (the “Record Date”). Only stockholders who held shares of record as of the Record Date are
entitled to receive notice of and vote at the special meeting and any postponement or adjournment of the special meeting.

Shares Outstanding and Quorum. As of the Record Date, there were 95,577,295 shares of our common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote at the special meeting. A quorum is required for stockholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The
presence, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the Record
Date is necessary to establish a quorum at the special meeting.

Vote Required. The affirmative vote, either in person or by proxy, of a majority of our outstanding common stock as of the
Record Date is required to approve the Merger Proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding common stock
represented at the special meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereon, is required to approve the
Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, our directors, executive officers and certain stockholders, in their
capacities as holders of common stock or other equity interests of InvenSense, each entered into a voting agreement with
TDK Corporation (each, a “Voting Agreement”) pursuant to which each agreed, among other things, to vote their common
stock for the approval of the Merger Proposal and against any alternative proposal, and to comply with certain restrictions on
the disposition of their common stock. As of the Record Date, the persons who have executed Voting Agreements collectively
beneficially owned approximately 14.3% of the outstanding shares of our common stock on an as-converted basis. For more
information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Voting Agreements.”

 

•  How Proxies are Counted; Failure to Vote; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes (see page 26)

The Merger Proposal. Failures to vote (whether by proxy or in person at the special meeting) and broker non-votes will have
the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal.

The term “broker non-vote” refers to shares held by a bank, broker or other nominee (for the benefit of its client) that are
represented at the special meeting, but with respect to which such bank, broker or other nominee is not instructed to vote on a
particular proposal and does not have discretionary authority to vote on that proposal. Banks, brokers and other nominees do
not have discretionary authority to vote on the Merger Proposal, the Merger-related Compensation Proposal or the
Adjournment Proposal, and accordingly may not vote on such matters absent instructions from the beneficial holder. As a
result, such shares will not be represented at the special meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name” or through a bank,
broker or other nominee, it is important that you give your bank, broker or nominee your voting instructions.

The Merger-related Compensation Proposal. If you are a stockholder of record and attend the special meeting in person but
fail to vote, or mark your proxy “ABSTAIN,” it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger-related
Compensation Proposal. If your shares are held in street name and you fail

 

 
2



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 10/199

Table of Contents

to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee to vote, it will have no effect on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal
(assuming a quorum is present).

The Adjournment Proposal. If you are a stockholder of record and attend the special meeting in person but fail to vote, or you
mark your proxy “ABSTAIN,” it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Adjournment Proposal. If your shares
are held in street name and you fail to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee to vote, it will have no effect on the
Adjournment Proposal (assuming a quorum is present).

Voting. You will have one vote for each share of our common stock you owned on the Record Date.

For Stockholders of Record:

In addition to voting in person at the special meeting, if you are the record holder of your shares of common stock, you may
submit a proxy as follows:

 

 

•  By Internet. The web address and instructions for Internet proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card.
Internet proxy submission via the web address indicated on the enclosed proxy card is available 24 hours a day. If you
choose to submit your proxy by Internet, then you do not need to return the proxy card. To be valid, your Internet proxy
must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special meeting.

 

 

•  By Telephone. The toll-free number for telephone proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card. Telephone
proxy submission is available 24 hours a day. If you choose to submit your proxy by telephone, then you do not need to
return the proxy card. To be valid, your telephone proxy must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day
preceding the special meeting.

 

 
•  By Mail. Mark the enclosed proxy card, sign and date it, and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. To

be valid, your proxy by mail must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special
meeting.

We request that stockholders submit their proxies over the Internet, by telephone or by completing and signing the
accompanying proxy and returning it as soon as possible in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. When the accompanying
proxy is returned properly executed (including proper proxy submission by Internet or telephone), the shares of common
stock represented by it will be voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions contained on the proxy card.

If you sign and return your proxy without indicating how to vote on any particular proposal, the common stock represented by
your proxy will be voted “FOR” each proposal in accordance with the recommendation of our Board of Directors.

For Beneficial Owners:

If your shares of common stock are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee, you have the right to direct your
broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares of common stock. Your broker, bank or other nominee, as
applicable, may establish an earlier deadline by which you must provide instructions to it for how to vote your shares of
common stock. You should read carefully the materials provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee. Because a
beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares of common stock at the special meeting
unless you obtain a legal proxy from the broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares of common stock giving you
the right to vote such shares at the special meeting.

 

•  Revocation of Proxies (see page 28)

You may revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting.
 

 
3



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 11/199

Table of Contents

If you are a stockholder of record, you may revoke a proxy by (1) delivering to our Corporate Secretary at 1745 Technology
Drive, San Jose, California 95110, a written notice of revocation no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the
special meeting, (2) delivering no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the special meeting, a duly executed
proxy dated after the date of the proxy you wish to revoke, or (3) attending the special meeting and voting your shares in
person. Merely attending the special meeting will not, by itself, constitute revocation of your proxy.

If your shares are held in street name and you have instructed your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, you
must follow the directions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee to change those instructions. You may also vote in
person at the special meeting if you obtain a legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 

•  The Merger (see page 30)

We are asking our stockholders to consider and vote upon the Merger Proposal, which will provide for the adoption of the
Merger Agreement pursuant to which TDK Corporation will acquire InvenSense through a merger of InvenSense and Merger
Subsidiary. Our Board of Directors is providing this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy to holders of our
common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies for use at the special meeting of stockholders.

The full text of the Merger Agreement is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement. We urge you to read the Merger
Agreement carefully and in its entirety. If the Merger Proposal is approved by our stockholders and the transaction closes
as contemplated, InvenSense will become an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation, and you will be entitled
to receive $13.00 cash, without interest and less any required tax withholding, for each share of our common stock that you
own, and:

 

 •  you will no longer have any interest in our future earnings or growth;
 

 •  we will no longer be a public company;
 

 •  our common stock will no longer be traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”); and
 

 •  we will no longer be required to file periodic and other reports with the SEC.
 

•  Market Price Information (see page 108)

Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the trading symbol “INVN.” The merger consideration represents a 74%
premium over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on October 27, 2016, the last trading day prior to our
announcement that our Board of Directors was exploring strategic alternatives for our business, a 57% premium over the
closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 8, 2016, the last trading day prior to the announcement of
market rumors that we were in discussions to be acquired by TDK Corporation, and a 20% premium over the closing price of
our common stock on the NYSE on December 20, 2016, the last trading day prior to our announcement that we had entered
into the Merger Agreement. On March 24, 2017, the last trading day before the date of this proxy statement, the closing price
of our common stock on the NYSE was $12.60.

 

•  Recommendation of the Board of Directors (see page 58)

Our Board of Directors has unanimously determined that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and our stockholders, has approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby and has unanimously recommended approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the Merger by
our stockholders.

Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Merger-
related Compensation Proposal and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

 

•  Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (see page 71)
 

 
4



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 12/199

Table of Contents

In considering the recommendation of our Board of Directors that you vote in favor of the Merger Proposal, you should be
aware that certain of our directors and executive officers may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or are in
addition to, the interests of InvenSense and our stockholders generally. These interests may create a potential conflict of
interest and may be perceived to have affected their decision to support or approve the Merger. Our Board of Directors was
aware of these potential conflicts of interest during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger and in making its decision to
approve the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the related transactions. As further described below, these interests include,
but are not limited to:

 

 •  In the case of our non-employee directors, accelerated vesting of all equity awards.
 

 

•  In the case of certain of our named executive officers, the receipt of potential retention bonus payments, additional
retention bonus payments (for Mr. Abdi), and accelerated payment of a percentage of the deferred cash award
attributable to the otherwise unvested portion of certain equity awards held by them, in each case pursuant to
letter agreements entered into in connection with the Merger Agreement and payable to such officers if they
remain an employee of InvenSense until the later of the consummation of the Merger and December 21, 2017 (the
first anniversary of the date we signed the Merger Agreement).

 

 

•  In the case of our named executive officers, accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) with respect to 100%
of their equity awards and contractual severance pay and benefit continuation in the event of a qualifying
termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or
18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive officers).

 

 
•  In the case of both our non-employee directors and named executive officers, continuation of indemnification

rights and coverage under our directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies.

Stockholders should be aware of these interests when considering our Board of Directors’ recommendation to approve the
Merger Proposal.

 

•  Opinion of InvenSense’s Financial Advisor (see page 63)

In connection with the Merger, Qatalyst Partners rendered to our Board of Directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed
in writing, that as of December 20, 2016 (Pacific Standard Time), and based upon and subject to the various assumptions,
considerations, limitations and other matters set forth in the opinion, the $13.00 in cash per share merger consideration to be
received by the holders of InvenSense common stock, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation,
pursuant to the Merger Agreement, was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of the opinion of Qatalyst Partners, dated December 20, 2016, is attached to this proxy statement as
Appendix B and is incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. The opinion sets forth, among other things, the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications of the review
undertaken by Qatalyst Partners in rendering its opinion. You should read the opinion carefully in its entirety.

Qatalyst Partners’ opinion was provided to our Board of Directors and addressed only, as of the date of the opinion, the
fairness, from a financial point of view, of the $13.00 in cash per share merger consideration to be received by the holders of
InvenSense common stock, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger
Agreement. It does not address any other aspect of the Merger. It does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of
InvenSense as to how to vote with respect to the Merger or any other matter and does not in any manner address the price at
which the shares of InvenSense common stock will trade at any time.

 

•  Treatment of Equity Awards (see page 69)
 

 
5



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 13/199

Table of Contents

Stock Options. Each vested stock option, including stock options which vest on the Merger (“Vested Option”), that is
outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an exercise price per share that
is less than the merger consideration will be cancelled in exchange for a payment to the holder of an amount in cash equal to
the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the Vested Option,
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award.

Each unvested stock option (“Unvested Option”) that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger and that has an exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration will be converted into a
deferred cash award in an amount equal to the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable
exercise price per share of the Unvested Option, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award.
Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding
Unvested Option, but only if the holder of such deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have
related to the terminated Unvested Option (including continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of
vesting).

Each Vested Option and Unvested Option that has an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the merger
consideration and each Unvested Option that is subject to vesting based on performance criteria that have not been achieved
as of the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled without any consideration to the holder thereof.

Restricted Stock Units. Each restricted stock unit (“RSU”) that is vested, including RSUs which vest on the Merger (“Vested
RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled in exchange for a payment
to the holder of an amount in cash equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of shares
of common stock underlying the award.

Each unvested RSU (“Unvested RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be
converted into a deferred cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the
number of shares of common stock underlying the award. Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in accordance
with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding Unvested RSU, but only if the holder of such deferred cash award
satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested RSU (including continued
employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

Restricted Stock Awards. Each unvested share of restricted stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of
the Merger will be converted into a deferred cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share.
Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding
share of restricted stock, but only if the holder of such deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would
have related to the terminated unvested share of restricted stock (including continued employment requirements through the
applicable date(s) of vesting).

Accelerated Vesting for Certain Awards. The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then
unvested, will accelerate and vest upon the Merger. In connection with the Merger, we entered into letter agreements with
Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia, which provide for the accelerated payment immediately following the Merger of a
percentage of the deferred cash award attributable to the otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards (limited, however,
to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to which they will become entitled at the effective time of the
Merger. Such accelerated payment will proportionately reduce any future payments to be made to them on the applicable
vesting dates with respect to such deferred cash awards. The accelerated payment of a percentage of such deferred cash
awards is effectively the same as accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of that percentage of the otherwise unvested
portion of their equity awards (limited, however, to

 

 
6



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 14/199

Table of Contents

unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi). In the case of our named executive officers, pursuant to their
executive change in control and severance agreements, 100% of the equity awards held by them that will not vest prior to or
upon the Merger are subject to accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the event of a qualifying termination within
90 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following the
Merger (for the other named executive officers).

 

•  Financing of the Merger (see page 70)

We anticipate that the total amount of funds necessary to complete the Merger and the related transactions will be
approximately $1.3 billion, which will be funded through available cash on hand of TDK Corporation. This amount includes
funds needed to pay our stockholders the amounts due under the Merger Agreement and make payments in respect of certain
of our outstanding equity-based awards pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

 

•  Voting Agreements (see page 100)

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of
InvenSense, in their capacities as holders of our common stock or other equity interests, each entered into a Voting Agreement
pursuant to which each agreed, among other things, to (i) vote their shares of our common stock for the Merger Proposal and
against any alternative proposal, and (ii) comply with certain restrictions on the disposition of the shares of our common stock
they own, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Voting Agreement. Each of the Voting Agreements will
terminate upon the earlier of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (b) the effective time
of the Merger, (c) the end date specified in the Merger Agreement and (d) such time as the Merger Agreement is amended to
change the form or reduce the amount of the merger consideration.

As of the Record Date, the persons who have executed Voting Agreements collectively beneficially owned approximately
14.3% of the outstanding shares of our common stock on an as-converted basis.

 

•  Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (see page 79)

In general, your receipt of the merger consideration will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes if you
are a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income
Tax Consequences”). If you are a U.S. Holder, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, you will generally recognize gain or loss
equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received pursuant to the Merger and your adjusted basis in the
shares surrendered. If you are a Non-U.S. Holder (as defined in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”), you will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect
to the exchange of our common stock for cash in the Merger unless you have certain connections with the United States. The
tax consequences of the Merger to you will depend upon your own particular circumstances. You should review the
discussion under the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences” and consult your tax advisor in order to fully understand how the Merger will affect you.

 

•  Delisting and Deregistration of our Common Stock (see page 84)

If the Merger is completed, our common stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC.

 

•  Governmental and Regulatory Approvals (see page 82)

Under the Merger Agreement, the Merger cannot be completed until (i) the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976 (the “HSR Act”) or any other applicable

 

 
7



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 15/199

Table of Contents

antitrust laws, have expired or been terminated and (ii) clearance has been obtained from the Committee on Foreign
Investment in the United States (“CFIUS”). TDK Corporation and InvenSense filed the notification and report forms under
the HSR Act with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division on January 13, 2017 and the mandatory
waiting period under the HSR Act expired on February 13, 2017. InvenSense and TDK Corporation filed a joint voluntary
notice with CFIUS on February 16, 2017. The notice has been accepted for review by CFIUS with the first day of the review
period commencing on February 27, 2017. In addition, TDK Corporation and InvenSense cannot complete the Merger until
the required submissions have been made and approvals granted under the South Korea Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade
Act and the Republic of China (Taiwan) Fair Trade Law of 1991. TDK Corporation filed the required submission with the
Korea Fair Trade Commission on February 23, 2017 and with the Taiwan Fair Trade Commission on March 2, 2017. In
addition, TDK Corporation submitted an application to the French Ministry of the Economy on February 6, 2017 for an
approval of the Merger under Articles L.151-3 and R.153-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code in respect of
foreign investment controls. The French Ministry of the Economy provided its clearance of the Merger on March 24, 2017.

 

•  Legal Proceedings (see page 83)

To date six people, each alleging that he or she owns common stock in the Company, have filed purported class action
lawsuits against the Company and its board of directors in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
California: Marc Nuzzo v. InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit
Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei Yu, TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-00859-JD (N.D. Cal.,
filed Feb. 21, 2017); Marc Chicorel v. InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon
Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang and Yunbei Yu, No. 5:17-cv-00901 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 22, 2017); David Dunham v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei Yu, Usama Fayyad,
TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-00957 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 24, 2017); Atef Isaac v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang and Yunbei
“Ben” Yu, No. 3:17-cv-01014 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 27, 2017); Amy Holzman v. InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amit Shah,
Jon Olson, Eric Stang, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Yunbei Yu, TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor
Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-01038 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 28, 2017); and George E. Rollins v. InvenSense, Inc.,
Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei “Ben” Yu, TDK
Corporation, and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 3:17-cv-001574 (N.D. Cal., filed Mar. 23, 2017).

The lawsuits all challenge the Company’s proposed acquisition by TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation;
four of the six also name as defendants TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation. All six complaints assert a
claim under section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 against the Company and its directors, and a control
person claim under section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Company’s directors; three of the complaints assert the
control person claim against TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation as well. The complaints allege that the
Company’s preliminary proxy statement filed with the SEC on February 3, 2017 (“preliminary proxy”) is materially false and
misleading because it omits certain information about the Company’s financial projections and the financial analysis
performed by the Company’s financial advisor, Qatalyst Partners; some also allege that the preliminary proxy omits
information about the process that led to the merger; finally, one makes allegations with respect to the reasonableness of
certain assumptions underlying such financial analysis.

One of the complaints (Dunham) also asserts a claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants and a
claim for aiding and abetting the individual defendants’ alleged breaches of fiduciary duty against the Company, TDK
Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation. This complaint alleges that the individual defendants breached their
fiduciary duties of loyalty, good faith, due care and disclosure by not taking steps to achieve adequate consideration for
shareholders, by engineering the merger to benefit

 

 
8



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 16/199

Table of Contents

themselves and TDK at the expense of other shareholders, and by agreeing to deal protection terms that unduly deter topping
bids. While the other five complaints do not assert fiduciary duty claims as such, several of them include factual allegations
similar to those made in the Dunham complaint.

With some variations, the complaints all seek: orders preliminarily and permanently enjoining defendants from closing the
merger or, if the merger closes, rescinding it or awarding damages; declaratory relief against the merger and the preliminary
proxy; and attorneys’ fees and costs.

The Company and its directors have waived service of summons or agreed to waive service of summons in all six lawsuits.
 

•  Anticipated Closing of the Merger (see page 84)

The closing of the Merger will occur as soon as possible, but in any event, no later than five business days after all of the
closing conditions have been met or waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof, or on such other date as is
mutually agreed upon by TDK Corporation and InvenSense. We currently expect the Merger to be completed in the second
half of fiscal year ended March 31, 2018, although we cannot assure completion by any particular date, if at all. We will issue
a press release and letters of transmittal for your use once the Merger has been completed.

 

•  Conditions to the Completion of the Merger (see page 94)

The Merger Agreement provides that the parties’ obligations to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver,
if permissible under law) of the following conditions:

 

 •  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the requisite vote of our stockholders;
 

 
•  no law being in effect that temporarily or permanently makes the consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise

prohibited;
 

 
•  the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act or any

other antitrust laws; and
 

 •  clearance by CFIUS.

The Merger Agreement provides that the obligations of TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger
are subject to, among others, the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under law) of the following additional conditions:

 

 
•  we must have performed or complied with in all material respects all of our obligations and covenants under the Merger

Agreement;
 

 
•  certain of our representation and warranties as to our capitalization shall be true as of the date of the Merger Agreement

and as of the effective time, other than with respect to de minimis inaccuracies;
 

 

•  certain of our representations and warranties as to our corporate existence and power, corporate authorization,
governmental authorizations, capitalization and finders’ fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the
date of the Merger Agreement and as of the effective time, disregarding all other materiality and material adverse effect
qualifications contained therein;

 

 

•  the remainder of our representations and warranties must be true as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the
effective time, disregarding all other materiality and material adverse effect qualifications contained therein, with only
such exceptions as have not had and would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to have a
material adverse effect on InvenSense;

 

 
•  since the date of the Merger Agreement, we must have not had any event, occurrence, revelation or development of a

state of circumstances or facts which, individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
“material adverse effect” (as defined and further described in

 

 
9



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 17/199

Table of Contents

 
the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger” below) on
InvenSense; and

 

 
•  InvenSense shall have provided to TDK Corporation a certification that complies with the requirements of Treasury

Regulation Sections 1.897-2(h) and 1.1445-2(c)(3).

The Merger Agreement also provides that our obligation to consummate the Merger is subject to, among others, the
satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under law) of the following additional conditions:

 

 
•  TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary must have performed or complied with, in all material respects all of their

obligations and covenants under the Merger Agreement; and
 

 

•  TDK Corporation’s and Merger Subsidiary’s representations and warranties must be true and correct as of the date of the
Merger Agreement and as of the effective time, disregarding all materiality qualifications contained therein, with only
such exceptions as have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on TDK
Corporation.

 

•  No Solicitation of an Acquisition Proposal (see page 91)

We have agreed in the Merger Agreement, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the effective time (or termination
of the Merger Agreement, if applicable) to certain limitations on our ability to take action with respect to alternative
acquisition transactions. Except as set forth below, we have agreed to not, and to cause our subsidiaries and ours and our
subsidiaries’ respective officers, directors, employees, affiliates, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other
advisors or representatives not to, directly or indirectly:

 

 

•  solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage the making, submission or
announcement of any inquiry, proposal or offer (including any inquiry, proposal or offer to the our stockholders)
which constitutes or would be reasonably expected to lead to any “Acquisition Proposal” (as defined and further
described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Other
Offers” below);

 

 

•  enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any information relating to InvenSense or
any of our subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of InvenSense or any
of our subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or
encourage any effort by any third party that is reasonably expected to make, or is otherwise seeking to make, or
has made, an Acquisition Proposal (other than, solely in response to an unsolicited inquiry, to refer the inquiring
third party to the applicable section of the Merger Agreement relating to offers for alternative acquisition
transactions and to limit our conversation or other communication exclusively to such referral);

 

 
•  publicly propose to or otherwise change, withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify (in a manner adverse to TDK

Corporation or Merger Subsidiary) a recommendation to our stockholders to approve and adopt the Merger
Agreement;

 

 
•  fail to include a recommendation to our stockholders to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement in this proxy

statement when mailed;
 

 
•  adopt, approve or recommend to our stockholders, or resolve to or publicly propose or announce our intention to

adopt, approve or recommend to our stockholders, an Acquisition Proposal or any transaction whereby any third
party would become an “interested stockholder” under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law;

 

 
•  if a tender or exchange offer that constitutes an Acquisition Proposal is commenced, fail to publicly recommend

against acceptance of such tender or exchange offer within ten business days;
 

 
•  fail to publicly reaffirm our a recommendation to our stockholders that they approve and adopt the Merger

Agreement within ten business days after TDK Corporation so requests in writing
 

 
10



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 18/199

Table of Contents

 
following the public announcement of an Acquisition Proposal; (this and any of the foregoing four bullet points,
referred to as an “Adverse Recommendation Change”);

 

 
•  fail to enforce or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of

our equity securities or the equity securities of any of our subsidiaries, subject to limited exceptions as described
in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Other Offers”; or

 

 
•  approve, adopt, recommend or enter into, or propose to approve, adopt, recommend or enter into any agreement in

principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar
instrument relating to an Acquisition Proposal (whether binding or nonbinding).

Notwithstanding these limitations, the Merger Agreement provides that we are not prohibited from contacting in writing any
person who, following the date of the Merger Agreement, makes an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal with such contact being
for the sole purpose of clarifying the terms and conditions thereof so as to determine whether such Acquisition Proposal
constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a “Superior Proposal” (as defined and further described in the section
of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Other Offers” below). Further, the Merger
Agreement provides that, at any time prior to obtaining the requisite stockholder vote for adoption of the Merger Agreement:

 

 

•  if we receive a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal from a third party not as a result of a breach of
our non-solicitation obligations, and our Board of Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with its
financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that it does constitute, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a
Superior Proposal, we may directly, or through our representatives, engage in negotiations or discussions with the
third party making such Acquisition Proposal (and its representatives), and furnish non-public information about
us and our subsidiaries pursuant to confidentiality agreements with such third party with terms in all material
respects no less favorable to us than those contained our confidentiality agreement with TDK Corporation;
provided that we provide a copy of such confidentiality agreement to TDK Corporation and all such information
is provided to TDK Corporation (to the extent such information has not been previously provided or make
available to TDK Corporation) prior to or substantially concurrently with the time it is provided to such third
party;

 

 

•  subject to our compliance with certain of our non-solicitation obligations, our Board of Directors may make an
Adverse Recommendation Change following receipt of a Superior Proposal or in response to an “Intervening
Event” (as defined and further described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement
—No Solicitation; Other Offers” below), but only if our Board of Directors determines in good faith, after
consultation with its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under the Delaware law; and

 

 

•  subject to our compliance with certain of our non-solicitation obligations, we may terminate the Merger
Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, but only if our Board of
Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel, that
the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under the Delaware law.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, our Board of Directors cannot take any of the actions set forth in the above
three bullet points unless we have delivered to TDK Corporation a prior written notice advising that we intend to take such
action, and we have advised TDK Corporation on a prompt basis of the status and terms of any discussions and negotiations
with the third party. In addition, we are required to notify TDK Corporation promptly after receipt of any Acquisition
Proposal or request for information relating to InvenSense or any of our subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties,
assets, books or records of InvenSense or any of our subsidiaries by any third party that has made, or that is reasonably likely
to make, an Acquisition Proposal. The

 

 
11



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 19/199

Table of Contents

Merger Agreement requires that we will provide such notice orally and in writing and that we identify the third party making,
and the financial and other material terms and conditions of, any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. We are also
obligated to keep TDK Corporation fully informed of the status and material terms of any such Acquisition Proposal,
indication or request, and are required to promptly provide to TDK Corporation copies of all correspondence and other
written materials received by us, our subsidiaries or our representatives that describe any financial or other material terms or
conditions of any Acquisition Proposal.

Our Board of Directors is prohibited from making an Adverse Recommendation Change (and we are prevented from
terminating the Merger Agreement in certain instances) unless (A) we have notified TDK Corporation in writing at least five
business days before taking that action (the “Negotiation Period”), of our intention to do so, attaching, in the event of a
Superior Proposal, the most current versions of the proposed transaction documents relating to the Superior Proposal
(including a copy of any financing commitments) and the identity of the third party making the Acquisition Proposal, or, in
the case of an Intervening Event, a reasonably detailed description of the reasons for making such Adverse Recommendation
Change and (B) following the end of the Negotiation Period, our Board of Directors will have considered in good faith any
revisions to the terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by TDK Corporation, and will have determined, after
consultation with our financial advisor and outside legal counsel that TDK Corporation did not timely make an offer which, in
the event of a Superior Proposal, is at least as favorable to our stockholders from a financial point of view as the Superior
Proposal, or, in the case of an Intervening Event, obviated the need for a recommendation change. In the event there is any
modification to the financial or other material terms of any such Superior Proposal (including any modification in the amount,
form or mix of consideration proposed to be payable to our stockholders pursuant to such Superior Proposal), we must
provide TDK Corporation with a notice of such modification and such Superior Proposal will be deemed a new Superior
Proposal to which the above requirements will apply, except that the Negotiation Period will be a three business day period
rather than a five business day period (except that in no event will the Negotiation Period expire earlier than any Negotiation
Period then in effect would have expired).

As of the Merger Agreement date, we were obligated, and our subsidiaries and representatives were obligated, to cease and
terminate any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any third party conducted prior to the date of
the Merger Agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and request return or destruction of information we may have
provided to such third party or its representatives.

 

•  Termination of the Merger Agreement (see page 96)

The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time,
notwithstanding any approval of our stockholders of the Merger:

 

 •  by mutual written consent of InvenSense and TDK Corporation;
 

 •  by either InvenSense or TDK Corporation, if:
 

 

•  the Merger has not been consummated on or before 11:59 p.m. (Pacific time) on June 21, 2017 (referred to as the
end date), provided, however, that the end date will be extended to September 21, 2017 if, on June 21, 2017 the
necessary antitrust approvals and CFIUS clearance have not been obtained and all other closing conditions have
been satisfied (or are capable of being satisfied at closing), provided further that this right to terminate the Merger
Agreement is not available to any party whose breach of the Merger Agreement causes or results in the failure of
the Merger to be consummated by the end date;

 

 
•  there is any law that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibits, or enjoins InvenSense or

TDK Corporation from consummating the Merger, and such injunction is final and nonappealable;
 

 •  there has been a CFIUS turndown; or
 

 
12



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 20/199

Table of Contents

 •  our stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement at the stockholder meeting.
 

 •  by TDK Corporation if:
 

 
•  an Adverse Recommendation Change has occurred or we have intentionally breached the non-solicitation

provisions in any material respect; or
 

 

•  we have breached any representation or warranty or failed to perform any covenant or agreement, the result of
which is that the closing condition with respect to our representations and warranties and covenants cannot be met
by the earlier of the end date and the date that is 30 days following receipt by InvenSense of written notice of such
breach or failure, provided that TDK Corporation will not have this termination right if TDK Corporation or
Merger Subsidiary is in material breach of its obligations under the Merger Agreement.

 

 •  by InvenSense if:
 

 

•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by our stockholders, our Board of Directors makes an Adverse
Recommendation Change in compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement in order to enter into an
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal and we concurrently enter into a definitive written agreement
concerning such Superior Proposal, provided that we pay to TDK Corporation the related termination fee prior to,
or concurrently with, such termination; or

 

 

•  TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary have breached any representation or warranty or failed to perform any
covenant or agreement, the result of which is that the closing condition with respect to TDK Corporation’s
representations and warranties and covenants cannot be met by the earlier of the end date and the date that is 30
days following receipt by the TDK Corporation of written notice of such breach or failure, provided that we will
not have this termination right if we are in material breach of our obligations under the Merger Agreement.

 

•  Termination Fees (see page 97)

If the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances involving an Acquisition Proposal, an Adverse
Recommendation Change or a breach of our non-solicitation obligations under the Merger Agreement, we are obligated to
pay to TDK Corporation a termination fee of $46,700,000. If the Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances
involving the failure to obtain required regulatory approvals, TDK Corporation is obligated to pay us a termination fee of
$46,700,000.

We will not be required to pay the termination fee on more than one occasion. In the event a termination fee is paid, upon
payment, we will have no further liability to the payee with respect to the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated
thereby, except that the payor is not released from liability for fraud or willful breach of the Merger Agreement.

 

•  Appraisal Rights (see page 103)

If the Merger is consummated, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the Merger Proposal and who properly demand
appraisal of their shares of our common stock will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“Section 262”). Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures
set forth in Section 262 may result in the loss of a stockholder’s statutory dissenters’ rights. See also Appendix C—
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Appraisal Rights).

 

•  Additional Information (see page 114)

You can find more information about us in the periodic reports and other information we file with the SEC. The information is
available at the SEC’s public reference facilities and at the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov.

 

 
13



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 21/199

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following questions and answers address some commonly asked questions regarding the Merger, the Merger Agreement and the
special meeting. These questions and answers may not address all questions that are important to you. We encourage you to read
carefully the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement and the
documents we refer to in this proxy statement. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement
without charge by following the instructions under the section of this proxy statement captioned “Where You Can Find More
Information.”

 
Q: Why am I receiving these materials?
 

A: The Board of Directors is furnishing this proxy statement and form of proxy card to the holders of shares of our common stock in
connection with the solicitation of proxies to be voted at the special meeting. This proxy statement contains important information
about the Merger and the other proposals being voted on at the special meeting, and you should read it carefully.

 
Q: Where and when is the special meeting of stockholders?
 

A: The special meeting of stockholders will be held at our corporate headquarters, 1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California
95110, on Wednesday, May 17, 2017 at 10:00 a.m. local time.

 
Q: What am I being asked to vote on?
 

A: You are being asked to consider and vote on the following three proposals:
 

 

•  To adopt the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which InvenSense would be acquired by TDK Corporation and each share of
our common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the completion of the Merger, other than shares owned by
InvenSense, TDK Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled) and shares held by
stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and
converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash, without interest;

 

 
•  To approve on a non-binding, advisory basis, compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive

officers in connection with the Merger (as described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Golden
Parachute Compensation”); and

 

 
•  To approve the postponement or adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies

in favor of the Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the Merger
Proposal.

 
Q: How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote?
 

A: Our Board of Directors has unanimously (i) determined that the Merger and Merger Agreement, and the transaction contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, are fair to and in the best interests of InvenSense and its stockholders, and (ii) approved and declared
advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Our Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Merger-related Compensation
Proposal and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: What will I receive in the Merger?
 

A: Upon completion of the Merger, you will be entitled to receive $13.00 in cash, without interest and less any required tax
withholding, for each share of our common stock that you own. For example, if you own 1,000

 
14



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 22/199

Table of Contents

 
shares of our common stock, you will be entitled to receive $13,000 in cash in exchange for your shares of common stock, less
any required tax withholding. You will not own any shares in the surviving corporation after the Merger is completed.

 
Q: What will I receive in the Merger in exchange for my equity awards?
 

A: Each Vested Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an
exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration will be cancelled in exchange for a payment to the holder of an
amount in cash equal to the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of
the Vested Option, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award.

Each Unvested Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an
exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration will be converted into a deferred cash award in an amount equal
to the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the Unvested Option,
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award. Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in
accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding Unvested Option, but only if the holder of such deferred
cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested Option (including continued
employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

Each Vested Option and Unvested Option that has an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the merger
consideration and each Unvested Option that is subject to vesting based on performance criteria that have not been achieved as of
the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled without any consideration to the holder thereof.

Each Vested RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled in exchange for a
payment to the holder of an amount in cash equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of
shares of common stock underlying the award.

Each Unvested RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted into a deferred
cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of shares of common
stock underlying the award. Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule
applicable to the corresponding Unvested RSU, but only if the holder of such deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting
conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested RSU (including continued employment requirements through the
applicable date(s) of vesting).

Each unvested share of restricted stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted
into a deferred cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share. Each such deferred cash award
will be paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding share of restricted stock, but only if
the holder of such deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated unvested
share of restricted stock (including continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then unvested, will accelerate and vest upon the
Merger. Certain of our named executive officers are entitled to rights under individual letter agreements that effectively provide
for accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of a percentage of certain equity awards held by them. Such accelerated payment
will proportionately reduce any future payments to be made to them on the applicable vesting dates with respect to such deferred
cash awards. In addition, in the case of our named executive officers, pursuant to their executive change in control and severance
agreements, 100% of the equity awards held by them that will not vest prior to or upon the Merger are subject to accelerated
vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months following the
Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive officers). For
more information,

 
15



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 23/199

Table of Contents

see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May
Differ From Your Interests.”

 
Q: Are there conditions to the parties obligations to complete the Merger?
 

A: Each of InvenSense’s and TDK Corporation’s obligation to consummate the Merger is subject, as relevant, to a number of
conditions specified in the Merger Agreement, including the following: (1) adoption of the Merger Agreement by InvenSense’s
stockholders; (2) receipt of customary antitrust approvals and other regulatory approvals; (3) absence of laws, orders, judgments
and injunctions that enjoin or otherwise prohibit consummation of the Merger or any proceedings instituted by a governmental
entity with competent jurisdiction seeking any of the foregoing; (4) subject to certain materiality related standards contained in the
Merger Agreement, the accuracy of representations and warranties of InvenSense and TDK Corporation, respectively, and
material performance by InvenSense and TDK Corporation of their respective covenants contained in the Merger Agreement; and
(5) the absence of a material adverse effect with respect to the other party. The consummation of the Merger is not subject to a
financing condition. See the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger.”

 
Q: When do you expect the Merger to be completed?
 

A: We intend to complete the closing of the Merger as soon as possible, but in any event, no later than five business days after all of
the closing conditions have been met or waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof, or on such other date as is
mutually agreed upon by TDK Corporation and InvenSense. We currently expect the Merger to be completed in the second
quarter of the fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, although we cannot assure completion by any particular date, if at all. We will
issue a press release and letters of transmittal for your use once the Merger has been completed.

 
Q: How does the price per share being paid by TDK Corporation in the Merger compare to the market price of our common

stock?
 

A: The merger consideration represents a 74% premium over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on October 27,
2016, the last trading day prior to our announcement that our Board of Directors was exploring strategic alternatives for our
business, a 57% premium over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 8, 2016, the last trading day
prior to the announcement of market rumors that we were in discussions to be acquired by TDK Corporation, and a 20% premium
over the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE on December 20, 2016, the last trading day prior to our announcement
that we had entered into the Merger Agreement. On March 24, 2017, the last trading day before the date of this proxy statement,
the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was $12.60.

 
Q: Who can vote at the special meeting?
 

A: Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 23, 2017, the Record Date for the special meeting, will be entitled to
notice of and to vote at the special meeting. If on that date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer
agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., then you are a stockholder of record. As a stockholder of record, you may vote in
person at the special meeting or vote by proxy. If on the Record Date, your shares were held in an account at a bank, broker or
other nominee, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to
you by that bank, broker or other nominee. The bank, broker or other nominee holding your account is considered the stockholder
of record for purposes of voting at the special meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your bank, broker or
other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the special meeting. However, if your
shares are held in street name, you are not the stockholder of record, and you may not vote your shares in person at the meeting
unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
16



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 24/199

Table of Contents

Q: What constitutes a quorum for the special meeting?
 

A: A quorum is required for stockholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The presence, in person or by proxy, of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock is necessary to establish a quorum at the special meeting. On
the Record Date, there were 95,577,295 shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting.
Shares present, in person or by proxy, including shares as to which authority to vote on any proposal is withheld and shares
abstaining as to any proposal, will be considered present at the meeting and entitled to vote for purposes of establishing a quorum
for the transaction of business at the meeting. Each of these categories will be tabulated separately. In the event that a quorum is
not present at the special meeting, we expect that the meeting will be postponed or adjourned to solicit additional proxies, and the
persons named as proxies may propose and vote for one or more postponements or adjournments of the special meeting.

 
Q: How many votes do I have and how are votes counted?
 

A: Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote on the matters brought before the special meeting. If you vote your shares of
common stock by submitting a proxy, your shares will be voted at the special meeting as you indicated on your proxy card. If no
instructions are indicated on your signed proxy card, all of your shares of common stock will be voted “FOR” each of the Merger
Proposal, the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: My shares are held in the “street name.” Will my broker vote my shares?
 

A: If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should have received a voting instruction form with these proxy materials from your
bank, broker or other nominee rather than from us. Complete and return the voting instruction form to your bank, broker or other
nominee to ensure your vote is counted. Alternatively, you may vote by telephone or over the internet as instructed by your bank,
broker or other nominee. To vote in person at the special meeting, you must obtain a valid legal proxy from your bank, broker or
other nominee. Follow the instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee included with these proxy materials, or contact
your bank, broker or other nominee to request a legal proxy.

If your shares are held in “street name,” your bank, broker or other nominee will be unable to vote your shares without
instructions from you. You should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares in accordance with the voting
instruction form that you have received from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or nominee cannot vote on
any of the proposals without your instructions, and the failure to instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote will
have the same effect as a vote against the Merger Proposal. Shares of common stock represented by “broker non-votes” will not
be counted in determining the presence of a quorum and will have no effect on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal or the
Adjournment Proposal, assuming a quorum is present at the special meeting.

 
Q: What is a “broker non-vote”?
 

A: Under NYSE rules, banks, brokers and other nominees may use their discretion to vote “uninstructed” shares (shares held of
record by banks, brokers or other nominees but with respect to which the beneficial owner of such shares has not provided
instructions on how to vote on a particular proposal) with respect to matters that are considered to be “routine,” but not with
respect to “non-routine” matters. “Non-routine” matters are matters that may substantially affect the rights or privileges of
stockholders, such as mergers, stockholder proposals, elections of directors, executive compensation (including any advisory
stockholder votes on executive compensation) and certain corporate governance proposals. A “broker non-vote” occurs on a
proposal when (i) a bank, broker or other nominee has discretionary authority to vote on one or more proposals to be voted on at a
meeting of stockholders, but is not permitted to vote on other proposals without instructions from the beneficial owner of the
shares and (ii) the beneficial owner fails to provide the bank, broker or other nominee with such instructions. Because none of the
proposals to be voted on at the

 
17



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 25/199

Table of Contents

 
special meeting are routine matters for which brokers may have discretionary authority to vote, we do not expect there to be any
broker non-votes.

 
Q: What does it mean if I get more than one proxy card to vote my shares of common stock?
 

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement and multiple paper
proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold your shares of common stock in more than one brokerage
account, you may receive a set of proxy materials for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a stockholder
of record and your shares of common stock are registered in more than one name, you may receive more than one set of proxy
materials. Please sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive and follow the voting
instructions set forth in this proxy statement to ensure that all of your shares of common stock are voted.

 
Q: Will my shares held in “street name” or another form of ownership be combined for voting purposes with shares I hold of

record?
 

A: No. Because any shares you may hold in “street name” will be deemed to be held by a different stockholder than any shares you
hold of record, any shares so held will not be combined for voting purposes with shares you hold of record. Similarly, if you own
shares in various registered forms, such as jointly with your spouse, as trustee of a trust or as custodian for a minor, you will
receive, and will need to sign and return, a separate proxy card for those shares because they are held in a different form of record
ownership. Shares held by a corporation or business entity must be voted by an authorized officer of the entity.

 
Q: How are “ABSTAIN” votes counted?
 

A: If you are a stockholder of record and attend the special meeting in person but fail to vote, or if you mark your proxy or voting
instructions (as applicable) “ABSTAIN” as to any proposal, it will have the same effect as if you voted “AGAINST” such
proposal.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve the proposals to be considered at the special meeting?
 

A. The affirmative vote, either in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock on the
Record Date is required to approve the Merger Proposal. On the Record Date, there were 95,577,295 shares of our common stock
outstanding. This means that stockholders holding 47,788,648 shares or more must vote in the affirmative to approve the Merger
Proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock represented at the special meeting, either
in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote thereon, is required to approve the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the
Adjournment Proposal.

 
Q: What happens if I do not vote on the Merger Proposal?
 

A. Because the vote required to approve the Merger Proposal is based on the total number of shares of our common stock
outstanding on the Record Date, and not just the shares that are entitled to vote or are actually voted at the special
meeting, if you do not vote (including if you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee and do not return
your voting instructions to the bank, broker or other nominee), it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
approval of the Merger Proposal. If the Merger is completed, whether or not you vote for the Merger Proposal, you will be paid
the merger consideration for your shares of our common stock upon completion of the Merger, unless you properly exercise your
appraisal rights. Please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Appraisal Rights” and Appendix C—Section 262 of the
Delaware General Corporation Law (Appraisal Rights).

 
18



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 26/199

Table of Contents

Q: Why am I being asked to consider and vote on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal?
 

A: Under SEC rules, we are required to seek a non-binding, advisory vote with respect to the compensation that may be paid or
become payable to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger, also referred to as “golden
parachute” compensation. Stockholders are urged to read the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests,” which describes in more detail the
compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers in connection with the Merger.

 
Q: What will happen if InvenSense’s stockholders do not approve the Merger-related Compensation Proposal?
 

A: Approval of the compensation that may be paid or become payable to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise
relates to the Merger is not a condition to completion of the Merger. The vote is an advisory vote and will not be binding on
InvenSense or the surviving corporation in the Merger. Because the merger-related compensation to be paid to the named
executive officers in connection with the Merger is based on contractual arrangements with the named executive officers, such
compensation will be payable, regardless of the outcome of this advisory vote.

 
Q: When should I send in my stock certificates?
 

A: After the Merger is completed, you will receive written instructions, including a letter of transmittal, for exchanging your shares
of common stock for the cash payment you are entitled to receive in connection with the Merger. You should NOT send your
stock certificates until requested to do so.

 
Q: When can I expect to receive the merger consideration for my shares?
 

A: Once the Merger is completed, you will be sent in a separate mailing a letter of transmittal and other documents to be delivered to
the paying agent in order to receive the merger consideration. Once you have submitted your properly completed letter of
transmittal, stock certificates and other required documents to the paying agent, the paying agent will send you a check for the
merger consideration.

 
Q: I do not know where my stock certificate is—how will I get my cash?
 

A: The materials the paying agent will send you after completion of the Merger will include the procedures that you must follow if
you cannot locate your stock certificate. This will include an affidavit that you will need to sign attesting to the loss of your stock
certificate. You may also be required to provide a bond to the surviving corporation in order to cover any potential loss.

 
Q: Will stockholders have appraisal rights?
 

A: Yes. Under Delaware law, any stockholder who does not vote in favor of the Merger and remains a holder of our common stock at
the effective time of the Merger may, by complying with the procedures set forth in Section 262 and sending us a written demand
for appraisal before the vote is taken on the Merger Proposal, be entitled to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares.
Appraisal rights are contingent upon consummation of the Merger. See Appendix C for more information.

 
Q: What should I do now—how do I vote?
 

A: In addition to voting in person at the special meeting, if you are the record holder of your shares of common stock, you may vote
as follows:

 

 
•  By Internet. The web address and instructions for Internet proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card.

Internet proxy submission via the web address indicated on the enclosed proxy
 

19



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 27/199

Table of Contents

 
card is available 24 hours a day. If you choose to submit your proxy by Internet, then you do not need to return the proxy
card. To be valid, your Internet proxy must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special
meeting.

 

 

•  By Telephone. The toll-free number for telephone proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card. Telephone
proxy submission is available 24 hours a day. If you choose to submit your proxy by telephone, then you do not need to
return the proxy card. To be valid, your telephone proxy must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day
preceding the special meeting.

 

 
•  By Mail. Mark the enclosed proxy card, sign and date it, and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. To be

valid, your proxy by mail must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special meeting.

If you sign and return your proxy or voting instruction card without indicating how to vote on any particular proposal, the
common stock represented by your proxy will be voted “FOR” each proposal in accordance with the recommendation of our
Board of Directors. Unless you check the box on your proxy card to withhold discretionary authority, the proxy holders may use
their discretion to vote on the proposals relating to the special meeting.

If your shares of common stock are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee, you have the right to direct your
broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares of common stock. Your broker, bank or other nominee, as applicable,
may establish an earlier deadline by which you must provide instructions to it for how to vote your shares of common stock. You
should read carefully the materials provided to you by your broker, bank or other nominee. Because a beneficial owner is not the
stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares of common stock at the special meeting unless you obtain a legal proxy from
the broker, bank or other nominee that holds your shares of common stock giving you the right to vote such shares of common
stock at the special meeting.

Every stockholder’s vote is important. Please vote now even if you expect to attend the special meeting and vote in person. Voting
now will not prevent you from later canceling or revoking your proxy, and will ensure that your shares are voted if you later find
you cannot attend the special meeting. If you do not vote, this will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger
Proposal.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my shares of common stock before the special meeting?
 

A: The Record Date for stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting is earlier than the expected date of the completion of the
Merger. If you transfer your shares of common stock after the Record Date but before the special meeting, you will, unless special
arrangements are made, retain your right to vote at the special meeting but will transfer the right to receive the merger
consideration to the person to whom you transfer your shares.

 
Q: Can I change or revoke my vote after I have voted?
 

A: You may change or revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy by (1) delivering to our Corporate Secretary at
1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, a written notice of revocation no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the
day before the special meeting, (2) delivering no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the special meeting a duly
executed proxy dated after the date of the proxy you wish to revoke, or (3) attending the special meeting and voting your shares in
person. Merely attending the special meeting will not, by itself, constitute revocation of your proxy.

If your shares are held in street name and you have instructed your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, you must
follow the directions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee to change those instructions. You may also vote in person at
the special meeting if you obtain a legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
20



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 28/199

Table of Contents

Q: What are the consequences of the Merger to members of our management and Board of Directors?
 

A: Certain of our executive officers have entered into letter agreements with InvenSense (see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Letter
Agreements” below for additional information about these agreements). Our current Board of Directors, however, will be replaced
by a new board of directors to be nominated by TDK Corporation following the Merger. Like all other stockholders, our directors
and executive officers will be entitled to receive $13.00 per share in cash for their shares of our common stock. All Vested
Options and Vested RSUs held by our executive officers and directors (like all other Vested Options and Vested RSUs held by our
employees) will be cancelled at the effective time of the Merger and holders will be entitled to receive $13.00 per share (over the
applicable exercise price per share in the case of a Vested Option) less tax withholding, in cash, payable upon the consummation
of the Merger. The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then unvested, will accelerate and vest
upon the Merger. Certain of our named executive officers are entitled to rights under individual letter agreements that effectively
provide for accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of a percentage of certain equity awards held by them. Such accelerated
payment will proportionately reduce any future payments to be made to them on the applicable vesting dates with respect to such
deferred cash awards. For more information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements.” In addition, in the case of
our named executive officers, pursuant to their executive change in control and severance agreements, 100% of the equity awards
held by them that will not vest prior to or upon the Merger are subject to accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the
event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior
to or 18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive officers). For more information, see the section of this proxy
statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—
Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreements.” All Unvested Options, all Unvested RSUs and all unvested shares of
restricted stock held by such executive officers and directors will be exchanged for the right to receive $13.00 per share (over the
applicable exercise price per share in the case of an Unvested Option) less tax withholding, in cash, payable upon the satisfaction
of all of the vesting conditions that would have related to such Unvested Options, Unvested RSUs or unvested shares of restricted
stock (including continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

 
Q: What happens if the Merger is not completed?
 

A: If the Merger Proposal is not approved by our stockholders or if the Merger is not completed for any other reason, stockholders
will not receive the merger consideration in exchange for their shares of our common stock. Instead, we will remain an
independent public company and our common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE. Under specified
circumstances, we may be required to pay TDK Corporation a termination fee, as described in the section of this proxy statement
captioned “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees.”

 
Q: Who pays for the solicitation of proxies to vote at the special meeting?
 

A: We will bear the entire cost of proxy solicitation, including preparation, assembly, printing and mailing of the notice of special
meeting, proxy card, this proxy statement and any additional materials furnished to our stockholders. Copies of these materials
will also be furnished to brokerage houses, fiduciaries and custodians holding shares in their names that are beneficially owned by
others to forward to those beneficial owners. In addition, we may reimburse the costs of forwarding these materials to those
beneficial owners. Solicitation of proxies by mail may be supplemented by telephone, email, facsimile or personal solicitation by
our directors, officers or employees. No additional compensation will be paid for such services. We have engaged MacKenzie
Partners, Inc. to aid in the solicitation of proxies for approximately $15,000, plus reimbursement of related expenses.

 
21



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 29/199

Table of Contents

Q: Whom should I contact with questions?
 

A: If you have questions, you may contact our Corporate Secretary, InvenSense, Inc., 1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200, San Jose,
California 95110, or call (408) 501-2200. If you need additional copies of this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card, or if
you have other questions about the proposals or how to vote your shares, you may contact our proxy solicitor as follows:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
Toll free: (980) 322-2885
Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
 

22



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 30/199

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and
Section 21E of the Exchange Act. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding our plans, goals, strategies, intent, beliefs
or expectations, and may be identified by words such as “believe,” “plan,” “intend,” “anticipate,” “target,” “estimate,” “expect,” “will,”
“may,” “could,” “should” and similar words. Statements contemplating or making assumptions about actual or potential future business
plans, sales, market size, collaborations, trends or operating results, or potential benefits of the proposed Merger, also constitute
forward-looking statements. These statements are expressed in good faith and are based upon reasonable assumptions when made, but
there can be no assurance that these expectations will be achieved or accomplished. Stockholders and other readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made. We
do not undertake to update the disclosures contained in this proxy statement or reflect events or circumstances that occur subsequently
or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. There are a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from historical results or from any results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
For example, the Merger may involve unexpected costs, our business may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the Merger, and
the acquisition may not be completed in the time frame expected by the parties or at all. Certain other risks associated with our
business are discussed from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended April 3, 2016, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K. In addition to the other factors and
matters contained or incorporated in this proxy statement, we believe the following factors could cause actual results to differ
materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements:
 

 •  our financial performance through the completion of the Merger;
 

 

•  satisfaction of the closing conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including among others, (i) receipt of the required
stockholder approval, (ii) the absence of any change, circumstance, condition, state of facts, events or effect that constitutes
a material adverse effect (as described below under the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement—
Conditions to the Merger”), or (iii) receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals from various domestic and foreign
governmental entities (including any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on these approvals) and the risk that one or
more governmental entities may deny approval required to permit the Merger;

 

 •  the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us and others related to the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  the failure of the Merger to close for any other reason;
 

 •  diversion of management’s attention from ongoing business concerns during the pendency of the Merger;
 

 
•  the amount of the costs, fees and expenses related to the Merger, including the risk that the Merger Agreement may be

terminated in circumstances that would require us to pay TDK Corporation a termination fee of $46,700,000, the payment of
which could cause significant liquidity and long-term financial viability issues for us;

 

 
•  the effect of the announcement of the Merger on our customer and employee relationships, operating plans and results and

our business generally, including the risk that we may experience a decline in sales and employee retention;
 

 •  business uncertainty and contractual restrictions during the pendency of the Merger;
 

 •  competitive pressures and general economic conditions; and
 

 •  the volatility of the stock market, our stock price and interest rates.
 

23



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 31/199

Table of Contents

PARTIES TO THE MERGER

InvenSense, Inc.

InvenSense is a Delaware corporation headquartered in San Jose, California. We design, develop, market and sell sensor systems
on a chip, including accelerometers, gyroscopes and microphones for the mobile, wearable, smart home, gaming, industrial, and
automotive market segments. We deliver leading solutions based on our advanced motion and sound technology and are dedicated to
bringing the best-in-class size, performance and cost solutions to market. We target solutions such as: smartphones, tablets, wearables,
console and portable video gaming devices, digital television and set-top box remote controls, fitness accessories, sports equipment,
digital still cameras, automobiles, ultra-books, laptops, hearing aids, stabilization systems, tools, navigation devices, remote controlled
toys and other household consumer and industrial devices.

We were incorporated in California in June 2003 and reincorporated in Delaware in October 2004. Our principal executive offices
are located at 1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200, San Jose, California 95110. Our telephone number is (408) 501-2200. Our website is
located at www.invensense.com. Information included on our website is not incorporated into this proxy statement.

TDK Corporation

TDK Corporation is a leading electronics company based in Tokyo, Japan. It was established in 1935 to commercialize ferrite, a
key material in electronic and magnetic products. TDK Corporation’s portfolio includes electronic components, modules and systems
marketed under the product brands TDK Corporation and EPCOS, power supplies, magnetic application products as well as energy
devices, flash memory application devices, and others. TDK Corporation focuses on demanding markets in the areas of information
and communication technology and consumer, automotive and industrial electronics. The company has a network of design and
manufacturing locations and sales offices in Asia, Europe, and in North and South America. TDK Corporation’s internet address is
www.global.tdk.com. Information included on TDK Corporation’s website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

TDK Corporation’s principal executive offices are located at Shibaura Renasite Tower, 3-9-1 Shibaura, Minato-ku, Tokyo
108-0023. TDK Corporation’s telephone number is +81-3-6852-7102.

TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation

Merger Subsidiary is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation. Merger Subsidiary
was formed solely for purpose of facilitating TDK Corporation’s acquisition of InvenSense and has not engaged in any operations other
than in connection with its formation and the negotiation and execution of the Merger Agreement. Merger Subsidiary’s principal
executive offices and telephone number are the same as those of TDK Corporation.
 

24



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 32/199

Table of Contents

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Time, Place and Purpose of the Special Meeting

This proxy statement is being furnished to our stockholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by our Board of Directors for use
at a special meeting of stockholders to be held at our corporate headquarters, 1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, on
Wednesday, May 17, 2017, at 10:00 a.m. local time, for the following purposes:
 

 

•  To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which InvenSense would be acquired by
TDK Corporation through the Merger, and each share of InvenSense common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the completion of the Merger, other than shares owned by InvenSense, TDK Corporation and their respective
subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled) and shares held by stockholders who have validly exercised their appraisal
rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash, without
interest (the “Merger Proposal”);

 

 
•  To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or

become payable to our named executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “Merger-related Compensation
Proposal”); and

 

 
•  To consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the postponement or adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or

appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the Merger Proposal if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the Merger Proposal (the “Adjournment Proposal”).

The approval of the Merger Proposal by stockholders is a condition to the obligations of TDK Corporation and InvenSense to
complete the Merger. The approval, on a non-binding, advisory basis, of the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the approval
of the Adjournment Proposal are not conditions to the obligations of TDK Corporation and InvenSense to complete the Merger. A copy
of the Merger Agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix A.

InvenSense will transact no other business at the special meeting, except for business properly brought before the special meeting
or any adjournment or postponement.

Board Recommendation

Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the Merger Proposal, (ii) “FOR” the Merger-
related Compensation Proposal and (iii) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

Shares Entitled to Vote; Record Date and Quorum

You are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of our outstanding common stock at the close
of business on March 23, 2017, the Record Date for the special meeting. As of the Record Date, there were 95,577,295 shares of our
common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting.

A quorum is required for stockholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The presence, in person or by proxy, of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote as of the Record Date is necessary to establish a
quorum at the meeting. Shares present, in person or by proxy, including shares abstaining, on any proposal will be considered present
at the meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting. Each of these categories will be
tabulated separately. In the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, we expect that the meeting will be postponed or
adjourned to solicit additional proxies, and the persons named as proxies may propose and vote for one or more postponements or
adjournments of the special meeting; however, no proxy voted against the Merger Proposal will be voted in favor of any postponement
or adjournment of the special meeting to solicit proxies relating to the Merger Proposal.
 

25



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 33/199

Table of Contents

Who Can Vote at the Special Meeting

If on the Record Date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company,
N. A., then you are a stockholder of record. As a stockholder of record, you may vote in person at the meeting or vote by submitting
your proxy via Internet, telephone or mail.

If on the Record Date, your shares were held in an account at a bank, broker or other nominee, then you are the beneficial owner
of shares held in “street name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding
your account is considered the stockholder of record for purposes of voting at the special meeting. As a beneficial owner of shares held
in street name, you have the right to direct your bank, broker or other nominee on how to vote the shares in your account. You are also
invited to attend the special meeting. However, if you hold your shares in street name, you are not the stockholder of record, and you
may not vote your shares in person at the meeting unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from your bank, broker or other
nominee.

If you sell or transfer your shares of our common stock after the Record Date but before the special meeting, you will retain your
right to vote such shares of our common stock at the special meeting unless you have transferred these rights via proxy to the acquirer
of your shares.

Vote Required; How You Can Vote

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special
meeting is required to approve the Merger Proposal. On the Record Date, there were 95,577,295 shares of our common stock
outstanding. This means that under Delaware law, 47,788,648 shares or more must vote in the affirmative to approve the Merger
Proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock represented at the special meeting, either in person or by
proxy, and entitled to vote thereon, is required to approve the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the directors, executive officers and certain stockholders of
InvenSense (the “Voting Group”), in their capacities as holders of common stock or other equity interests of InvenSense, each entered
into a voting agreement with TDK Corporation (each, a “Voting Agreement”) pursuant to which each agreed, among other things, to
(i) vote their common stock for the adoption of the Merger Agreement and against any alternative proposal, and (ii) comply with
certain restrictions on the disposition of their common stock, subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Voting Agreement.
The Voting Agreements will terminate upon the earlier of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms,
(b) the effective time of the Merger, (c) the end date specified in the Merger Agreement and (d) such time as the Merger Agreement is
amended to change the form or reduce the amount of the consideration payable to our stockholders in connection with the Merger. As
of the Record Date, the Voting Group collectively beneficially owned approximately 14.3% of the outstanding shares of our common
stock on an as-converted basis. The foregoing summary of the Voting Agreement is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference
to, the full text of the Voting Agreement. A copy of the form of Voting Agreement is attached as Appendix D to this proxy statement
and is incorporated herein by reference.

Because the vote required to approve the Merger Proposal is based on the total number of shares of our common stock
outstanding on the Record Date, and not just the shares that are entitled to vote or actually voted at the special meeting, if you
do not vote (including if you hold your shares in street name and do not provide voting instructions to your bank, broker or
other nominee), it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal.

Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal. If you attend the meeting or are represented by
proxy and abstain from voting, the abstention will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger-related Compensation
Proposal and “AGAINST” the Adjournment Proposal.
 

26



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 34/199

Table of Contents

If you hold your shares in “street name,” and fail to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares, your
shares will not be voted, which will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal, but will not have any effect on
the Merger-related Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal assuming a quorum is present at the special meeting because
your bank, broker or other nominee is not entitled to vote those shares.

Any stockholder who does not vote in favor of the Merger Proposal and remains a holder of our common stock at the effective
time of the Merger may, by complying with the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law and
sending us a written demand for appraisal, be entitled to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares. Appraisal rights are contingent
upon consummation of the Merger. Please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Appraisal Rights” and Appendix C—
Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (Appraisal Rights).

If you are a stockholder of record, you may sign, date and mail your proxy card in the enclosed return envelope. In addition to
voting in person at the special meeting, if you are the record holder of your shares of common stock, you may vote as follows:
 

 

•  By Internet. The web address and instructions for Internet proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card.
Internet proxy submission via the web address indicated on the enclosed proxy card is available 24 hours a day. If you
choose to submit your proxy by Internet, then you do not need to return the proxy card. To be valid, your Internet proxy must
be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special meeting.

 

 

•  By Telephone. The toll-free number for telephone proxy submission can be found on the enclosed proxy card. Telephone
proxy submission is available 24 hours a day. If you choose to submit your proxy by telephone, then you do not need to
return the proxy card. To be valid, your telephone proxy must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day
preceding the special meeting.

 

 
•  By Mail. Mark the enclosed proxy card, sign and date it, and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided. To be

valid, your proxy by mail must be received by 11:59 p.m. (U.S. Eastern Time) on the day preceding the special meeting.

Your shares will be voted at the special meeting as you indicated on your proxy card. If no instructions are indicated on your
signed proxy card, all of your shares of our common stock will be voted “FOR” the Merger Proposal, the Merger-related
Compensation Proposal and the Adjournment Proposal.

If your shares are held in street name, you should have received a voting instruction form with these proxy materials from your
broker, bank or other nominee rather than from us. Simply complete and return the voting instruction form to your bank, broker or
other nominee to ensure that your vote is counted. You may also vote electronically on the internet or by telephone as instructed by
your bank, broker or other nominee.

You should vote now even if you expect to attend the special meeting and vote in person. Voting now will not prevent you from
later canceling or revoking your proxy, and will ensure that your shares are voted if you later find you cannot attend the special
meeting. If your shares are held in street name and you wish to vote in person at the special meeting, you must obtain a valid proxy
from your bank, broker or other nominee. Follow the instructions from your bank, broker or other nominee included with these proxy
materials, or contact your bank, broker or other nominee to request a proxy form.

Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons

As of the Record Date, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate,
14,083,454 shares of our common stock, representing approximately 14.3% of the shares of our common stock outstanding. Our
directors and executive officers have informed us that they currently intend to vote (1) “FOR” the Merger Proposal, (2) “FOR” the
Merger-related Compensation Proposal and (3) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.
 

27



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 35/199

Table of Contents

Certain members of our management and Board of Directors have interests that are different from or in addition to those of
stockholders generally. Please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests.”

How You May Change or Revoke Your Vote

You may change or revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may revoke a proxy by (1) delivering to our Corporate Secretary at 1745 Technology
Drive, San Jose, California 95110, no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the special meeting a written notice of
revocation, (2) delivering no later than 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on the day before the special meeting a duly executed proxy dated
after the date of the proxy you wish to revoke, or (3) attending the special meeting and voting in person. Merely attending the special
meeting will not, by itself, constitute revocation of your proxy.

If you hold your shares in street name and have instructed your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares, you must
follow the directions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee to change those instructions. You may also vote in person at the
special meeting if you obtain a legal proxy from your bank, broker or nominee.

Proxy Solicitation

We will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies and may reimburse brokerage firms and others for their expenses in forwarding
solicitation material to beneficial owners. Solicitation will be made primarily through the use of the mail but our officers, directors and
employees may, without additional compensation, solicit proxies personally by telephone, mail or the internet, by fax or in person.

We have engaged MacKenzie Partners, Inc. to aid in the solicitation of proxies for approximately $15,000, plus reimbursement of
related expenses. We will also indemnify MacKenzie Partners, Inc. against losses arising out of its provisions of these services on our
behalf.

Adjournments

We are asking our stockholders to consider and vote upon the Adjournment Proposal. You should note that the special meeting
could be successively postponed or adjourned to a specified date, if necessary. If the special meeting is postponed or adjourned for any
reason, including for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies, stockholders who have already sent in their proxies will be able to
revoke them at any time prior to their use. The persons named as proxies may propose and vote for one or more postponements or
adjournments of the special meeting, including for the purpose to permit further solicitations of proxies. No proxy voted against the
Merger Proposal will be voted in favor of any postponement or adjournments of the special meeting to solicit additional proxies
relating to the Merger Proposal.

Attending the Special Meeting

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on the Record Date or their duly appointed proxies may attend the special
meeting, or if your shares of our common stock are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you bring evidence of
beneficial ownership of those shares on the Record Date, such as a copy of your most recent account statement or similar evidence of
ownership of our common stock as of the Record Date, you may attend the special meeting. If your shares of common stock are held in
“street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the special meeting, you must also bring a legal proxy from
the record holder (your broker, bank or other nominee) authorizing you to vote at the special meeting. All stockholders should bring
photo identification (a driver’s license or passport is preferred), as you will also be
 

28



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 36/199

Table of Contents

asked to provide photo identification at the registration desk on the day of the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of
the special meeting. Everyone who attends the special meeting must abide by the rules for the conduct of the meeting. These rules will
be printed on the meeting agenda. Even if you plan to attend the special meeting, we encourage you to vote by telephone, Internet or
mail so your vote will be counted if you later decide not to (or are otherwise unable to) attend the special meeting. No cameras,
recording equipment, other electronic devices, large bags or packages will be permitted in the special meeting. Stockholders will be
admitted to the meeting room starting at 9:30 a.m., local time, and admission will be on a first-come, first-served basis.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card, have questions about the Merger, the special meeting, or the proposals to be
considered at the special meeting, need additional copies of this document or need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to
the proxy solicitation, please contact our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., at the following address and telephone number:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
Toll free: (980) 322-2885
Collect: (212) 929-5500

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com
 

29



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 37/199

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

Background of the Merger

Our Board of Directors and management regularly review and assess InvenSense’s business strategies and objectives, and
regularly review and discuss InvenSense’s performance, risks and opportunities, all with the goal of enhancing stockholder value. Our
Board of Directors and management regularly consider various strategic alternatives as part of these ongoing efforts, taking into
account current and anticipated future economic, competitive and other market conditions. As part of this process, our Board of
Directors and management have periodically evaluated whether the continued execution of InvenSense’s strategy as a standalone
company or the sale of InvenSense, a joint venture, or other combination of InvenSense with a third party offers the best avenue to
maximize stockholder value. Also as part of this process, members of our Board of Directors and management have met, from time to
time, with several financial advisors and with third parties who have expressed an interest in discussing strategic transactions with
InvenSense.

As part of this process, our Board of Directors and management held a telephonic meeting on November 23, 2015, to discuss,
among other things, an unsolicited oral proposal regarding a potential acquisition of InvenSense received by Mr. Abdi from the Chief
Executive Officer of Company A on November 17, 2015. Representatives of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, outside counsel to
InvenSense (“Pillsbury”) and representatives of Qatalyst Partners also attended the meeting. Mr. Amit Shah, Chairman of our Board of
Directors, also discussed a call that he had received from a representative of Company A on the same topic. Company A’s verbal
proposal consisted of approximately $3.81 per share in stock and approximately $11.44 per share in cash and was subject to due
diligence and other conditions. Mr. Abdi noted that Company A’s Chief Executive Officer had also conveyed that Company A would
need to obtain financing for the transaction. Also in attendance at this meeting were representatives of Qatalyst Partners who discussed
Company A’s proposal with the Board of Directors. The Board of Directors discussed the risks related to Company A’s need to raise
capital in connection with such a transaction and the valuation of the stock component of the proposal. The Board of Directors
determined that it would further discuss Company A’s proposal at its upcoming strategic offsite meeting on December 18, 2015, after
additional review of the proposal by InvenSense’s management and by Qatalyst Partners and another investment bank. The closing
price of InvenSense’s common stock on November 17, 2015, was $11.55.

At its December 18, 2015 meeting, the Board of Directors, together with management, reviewed InvenSense’s long-range plan
and its prospects as a standalone entity. A representative of Pillsbury and representatives of Qatalyst Partners also attended the meeting.
Representatives of Qatalyst Partners discussed InvenSense’s then current long-range plan and Company A’s proposal. The Board of
Directors also reviewed input on InvenSense’s standalone plan and Company A’s proposal provided by another investment bank. After
discussion, the Board of Directors determined that Company A’s oral proposal was not in the best interest of InvenSense and its
stockholders because it undervalued InvenSense relative to the value reflected in the long-range plan. The Board of Directors directed
Mr. Shah to explain to representatives of Company A why the Board of Directors felt that Company A’s proposal undervalued
InvenSense, which Mr. Shah subsequently did. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on December 18, 2015 was $10.43.

On February 3, 2016, representatives of InvenSense met with representatives of Company B to continue ongoing discussions
regarding a potential technical collaboration between the two companies.

On February 4, 2016, representatives of InvenSense, including Mr. Panush, InvenSense’s Vice President -Corporate
Development, and representatives of TDK Corporation held a meeting in San Jose, California, to discuss their respective product
offerings and potential product collaborations. During this meeting, the parties exchanged product and business information, at a high
level.

On April 3, 2016, at the request of Company C, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Shah had an introductory meeting with representatives of
Company C to discuss, at a high level, a potential acquisition of InvenSense. Company C’s
 

30



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 38/199

Table of Contents

representatives discussed its business and potential synergies with InvenSense and their desire to diversify their business. InvenSense’s
representatives responded that InvenSense would consider credible proposals that would be in the best interests of InvenSense’s
stockholders if a decision was made by the Board of Directors to explore its strategic alternatives. Discussions were general, no
proposal was made and the parties did not discuss InvenSense’s valuation. The parties agreed to further conversations, but no specific
timetable or meetings were set at this meeting.

On April 8, 2016, representatives of TDK Corporation and Mr. Panush had a meeting in San Jose, California, during which they
discussed a potential strategic transaction, including product and technical collaborations. A potential acquisition of InvenSense by
TDK Corporation was not discussed at or prior to this meeting.

On April 27, 2016, during a meeting between Mr. Abdi and a representative of TDK Corporation, TDK Corporation expressed
interest in expanding their discussion of potential strategic transactions to include investments, joint ventures and acquisitions.
Mr. Abdi expressed a willingness to discuss expanding the scope of the parties’ discussions, noting that the Board of Directors would
be willing to consider credible proposals that would be in the best interests of InvenSense’s stockholders. The parties agreed to
continue discussion of various strategic transactions.

On May 20, 2016, Mr. Panush had an initial meeting with representatives of Company D, at Company D’s request, to discuss a
potential strategic transaction. While the parties had a general discussion about a strategic collaboration, an acquisition transaction was
not discussed. The parties agreed to have a more in depth, technical meeting at a later date.

On May 26, 2016, at the request of the Chief Executive Officer of Company A, Mr. Abdi met with Company A’s Chief Executive
Officer. Company A’s Chief Executive Officer presented Mr. Abdi a written, non-binding offer for the acquisition of all of the
outstanding common stock of InvenSense at a price per share of $8.25 in cash. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on
May 26, 2016 was $6.06.

On May 27, 2016, Company A followed-up by emailing the proposal to Mr. Abdi and to Mr. Shah. The proposal stated that the
transaction would be funded by cash on hand and through a debt financing. Company A’s proposal was subject to confirmatory due
diligence and required InvenSense to agree to a 45-day exclusivity period. Mr. Abdi forwarded Company A’s proposal to the Board of
Directors.

On May 31, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of TDK Corporation in San Jose, California. During the
meeting, TDK Corporation’s representatives indicated that they would be interested in discussing a potential strategic transaction with
InvenSense. Mr. Abdi encouraged TDK Corporation’s representatives to expedite their decision making process as InvenSense had
received expressions of interest from other companies. The parties decided to schedule a follow up meeting to allow TDK Corporation
to learn more about InvenSense and its business.

On June 2, 2016, Mr. Abdi sent an email to a representative of Company A stating that the Board of Directors had received the
proposal and would discuss it in detail at the meeting of the Board of Directors on June 16, 2016.

On June 16, 2016, the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled strategic offsite meeting to discuss InvenSense’s updated
long-range plan. In addition, the Board of Directors also discussed Company A’s non-binding, written proposal and the status of
discussions with certain other companies. A representative of Pillsbury also attended the meeting. Also in attendance for a portion of
the meeting were representatives of an investment bank with whom InvenSense had a prior relationship, but was ultimately not
engaged after InvenSense’s selection process. Mr. Panush made a presentation on the challenges facing the semiconductor industry in
2016 and beyond and certain factors that were impacting InvenSense, including: the decline of
 

31



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 39/199

Table of Contents

InvenSense’s stock price; the increase in InvenSense’s customer concentration; slower growth in the mobile market; various reports
released in 2016 that indicated the smartphone market was projected to decline significantly; the erosion of average selling prices;
increased operating expense; consolidation in the semiconductor industry; and InvenSense’s relatively small scale as compared to its
competitors, which would present challenges to its core business and InvenSense’s efforts to diversify. Members of InvenSense’s
management then gave a presentation on InvenSense’s strategic options to increase stockholder value, including continuing to diversify
InvenSense’s business, merging with a similarly sized company, and completing a strategic transaction with a larger company. A
member of management then discussed InvenSense’s updated long-range plan. The Board of Directors then discussed various potential
strategic partners for InvenSense. The representatives of the investment bank in attendance discussed with the Board of Directors
whether consideration of strategic alternatives was merited in light of various factors, including the sensor market generally,
InvenSense’s long-range plan, and the non-binding proposal received from Company A. Representatives of the investment bank then
discussed with the Board of Directors various strategic alternatives available to InvenSense, including remaining a standalone entity,
and discussed a proposed process to consider such alternatives. After the representatives of the investment bank left the meeting, the
Board of Directors discussed whether to initiate a process to explore InvenSense’s strategic alternatives, which entities should be
approached in conjunction with such a process and whether to engage a financial advisor. During this discussion, Mr. Abdi indicated
that over the next several weeks, he was scheduled to travel to Asia and Europe and might be having discussions at a high level with
several potential strategic partners that he identified for the Board of Directors. After discussion of InvenSense’s updated standalone
plan, the current state of the semiconductor industry and the analyses of management and the investment bank, the Board of Directors
approved the initiation of a process to explore various strategic alternatives to determine which strategic alternative would be in the
best interest of InvenSense’s stockholders, including remaining a standalone entity. The Board of Directors directed Mr. Abdi to begin
high-level strategic discussions with the candidates he had identified. The Board of Directors also directed Mr. Abdi to take steps to
select and engage a financial advisor and to enter into further discussions with Company A in order to provide Company A with a
better understanding of the existing and future value of InvenSense. The Board of Directors discussed InvenSense’s strategic
alternatives in light of the analyses discussed at the meeting. In a closed session, a representative of Pillsbury then reviewed the
fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors in connection with a potential strategic transaction and answered questions. The Board of
Directors also discussed InvenSense’s current stock price and their view that it did not represent InvenSense’s intrinsic value because
InvenSense had invested in new technology that would enable product and customer diversification over the longer term. The Board of
Directors then discussed how a proposal would need to reflect InvenSense’s intrinsic value and not just a premium to market. The
Board of Directors concluded that Company A would need to increase its offer to properly reflect the intrinsic value of InvenSense and
directed Mr. Abdi to communicate the Board of Directors’ rejection of Company A’s proposal to representatives of Company A. The
Board of Directors formed a special committee (the “Strategic Committee”), composed of independent directors Emiko Higashi, Jon
Olson, Amit Shah and Ben Yu, to oversee the process and the negotiation of the terms and conditions of any strategic transaction. The
Strategic Committee was vested with all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors to: engage financial advisors or other
professionals on terms determined by the Strategic Committee; oversee management with respect to any further discussions or
negotiations with Company A; establish an appropriate process for the further evaluation of the strategic alternatives available to
InvenSense (which process could include outreach to, in addition to Company A, entities who might be interested in a strategic
transaction with InvenSense); supervise management in the implementation of any such process and the negotiation of the terms and
conditions of any strategic transaction, provided, however, that the Strategic Committee was not given authority to approve a binding
definitive agreement on behalf of InvenSense; evaluate whether any proposed future strategic transaction would be fair to and in the
best interests of InvenSense and its stockholders; recommend to the Board of Directors for its consideration what actions, if any should
be taken by the Board of Directors with respect to any proposed strategic transaction; and take such other actions as the Strategic
Committee may determine to be necessary, advisable or appropriate in order to carry into effect the foregoing.
 

32



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 40/199

Table of Contents

During the process, 33 parties were contacted, 12 parties who demonstrated interest held meetings with InvenSense or received
materials under non-disclosure agreements, based on those meetings eight parties were provided a copy of InvenSense’s long-range
plan, eight parties were provided proposal process letters and three parties who made proposals to acquire InvenSense were granted
access to InvenSense’s data room.

Following the Board of Directors’ June 16, 2016 meeting through September, the Strategic Committee and members of
InvenSense’s senior management met with and assessed various investment banks, including the one bank with which InvenSense had
a pre-existing relationship discussed above. From July to September, InvenSense’s management, at the direction of the Strategic
Committee, negotiated an engagement letter with the investment bank with which InvenSense had a pre-existing relationship, but after
careful consideration and a thorough diligence process, the Strategic Committee determined that there were too many potential
conflicts of interest to retain such investment bank. The Strategic Committee then continued to meet with and assess other investment
banks and ultimately selected Qatalyst Partners due to Qatalyst Partners’ qualifications, experience, knowledge of InvenSense and its
industry, knowledge of the market and lack of conflicts.

On June 17, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephone call with a representative of Company A to convey that the Board of Directors had
rejected Company’s A proposal at $8.25 per share as it was not indicative of InvenSense’s intrinsic value and that Company A would
need to increase the price per share in its proposal. The parties agreed to reconvene later that month to further discuss InvenSense’s
technology roadmap and business.

On June 20, 2016, representatives of InvenSense’s senior management and representatives of Company E held a meeting to
discuss a potential joint venture, but did not discuss an acquisition of InvenSense by Company E.

On June 21, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of TDK Corporation in Tokyo, Japan to discuss
InvenSense’s business, technology and product roadmap. At the meeting, the parties discussed a potential strategic transaction;
representatives of TDK Corporation expressed interest in pursuing a potential acquisition of InvenSense, but discussions were general
and no specific proposal was made. The parties agreed to hold further meetings to explore a technology and product collaboration.

On June 22, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company D to discuss a potential strategic transaction
and to give Company D a general overview of InvenSense’s business and technology. The parties agreed to hold another meeting to
further discuss the possibility of a strategic collaboration or acquisition transaction.

On June 23, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of TDK Corporation in Munich, Germany to follow up on
their June 21, 2016 meeting and to discuss additional meetings of the parties.

On that same day, Mr. Abdi met with a representative of Company C to further discuss a potential strategic transaction. Mr. Abdi
noted that he had been directed by the Board of Directors to meet with potential strategic partners in the industry. The representative of
Company C again expressed interest in a potential strategic transaction with InvenSense and stated that Company C would have
sufficient access to funds to complete such a transaction. The parties decided to have a follow-up meeting after InvenSense’s earnings
announcement scheduled for July 28, 2016, to further discuss the companies’ businesses and explore potential synergies that would
result from a strategic transaction.

On June 30, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company A. Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush presented on
InvenSense’s business, technology and product roadmap, and long-range plan. After the general meeting, Mr. Abdi met with a
representative of Company A to reiterate that the Board of Directors had rejected Company A’s proposal and that Company A would
need to increase the price per share in its proposal.

On July 6, 2016, at the request of the Board of Directors, Mr. Abdi met with representatives of Company B to discuss a potential
strategic transaction and to inform them that InvenSense had recently received unsolicited
 

33



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 41/199

Table of Contents

indications of interest to acquire InvenSense. Mr. Abdi discussed InvenSense’s business, technology, product roadmap as well as the
potential synergies of the two companies.

On July 7, July 11 and July 15, 2016, representatives of InvenSense and representatives of TDK Corporation met in San Jose,
California to further discuss possible technical, product and business collaborations.

On July 11, 2016, the Strategic Committee held a meeting to discuss InvenSense’s ongoing process of reviewing its strategic
alternatives. Members of management and a representative of Pillsbury also attended the meeting. Members of management updated
the Strategic Committee in detail on the progress of discussions regarding a strategic transaction with interested parties, including
Company A, Company B, Company C, Company D, Company E, and TDK Corporation. Mr. Abdi indicated that the discussions with
TDK Corporation included a potential strategic collaboration, as well as a potential acquisition, but no specific valuation for
InvenSense had been discussed with TDK Corporation. He also noted that discussions with Company E were focused on a joint
venture transaction. Management also described their recent meeting with the chief executive officer, chief financial officer and other
executives of Company A, during which additional diligence information was provided to them to improve their understanding of
InvenSense’s business, prospects and valuation. The Strategic Committee then discussed the selection of a financial advisor, including
a detailed review of the various qualifications of various investment banking firms and potential conflicts. The Strategic Committee
and management also discussed a proposed plan to engage in discussions with potential Chinese strategic partners and directed
members of InvenSense’s management to contact such entities to determine their interest in a potential transaction, including a
potential acquisition of InvenSense.

On July 14, 2016, representatives of InvenSense and Company E met to further discuss a possible joint venture. After the
meeting, InvenSense requested that Company E prepare revenue projections for a collaborative product offering and a potential joint
venture.

On July 20, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company D during which the attendees further discussed
potential avenues of collaboration between the parties, including a potential acquisition of InvenSense. Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush also
discussed InvenSense’s product lines and long-range plan. Mr. Abdi stated that there was growing interest in acquiring InvenSense
from a number of companies in the industry and that if InvenSense elected to engage in a transaction, it would expect a proposal that
reflected InvenSense’s intrinsic value, which would be a significant premium to market.

On July 22, 2016, the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled quarterly meeting. During the meeting the members of the
Strategic Committee updated the other members of the Board of Directors on their July 11, 2016 meeting and Mr. Panush provided an
update on InvenSense’s review of potential strategic transactions.

On that same day, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation’s U.S. subsidiary had a follow-up call to further discuss
InvenSense’s business.

On August 11, 2016, at the initiation of Mr. Panush, Messrs. Abdi, Dentinger and Panush and representatives of Company F met
to discuss a possible strategic transaction.

On August 13, 2016, Mr. Abdi, Mr. Panush and Mr. Mark Dentinger, InvenSense’s Chief Financial Officer, and representatives of
Company A met to discuss certain aspects of InvenSense’s business, fiscal 2018 outlook and long-range plan with the goal of
increasing Company A’s proposed per share offer price.

From August 15, 2016 to August 19, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush travelled to China to meet with executives from eight
potential strategic partners, including Company F, Company G, Company H, Company I and Company J; the remaining parties did not
engage in significant discussions with InvenSense following these meetings. During these meetings the parties discussed at a high level
InvenSense’s business and technology and potential strategic transactions, including a potential acquisition of InvenSense.
 

34



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 42/199

Table of Contents

On August 22, 2016, Mr. Abdi, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation held a technology and product diligence
meeting in San Jose, California. Later that day, representatives of TDK Corporation again expressed an interest in discussing a
potential acquisition of InvenSense. Mr. Abdi informed TDK Corporation that there had been other inbound interest in acquiring
InvenSense. Mr. Abdi also stated that the Board of Directors believed that InvenSense’s current stock price did not represent
InvenSense’s intrinsic value and that it would only consider a written offer that valued InvenSense significantly above market.

On August 24, 2016, representatives of InvenSense and Company E met to continue their discussion of a possible joint venture.

On that same day, the Strategic Committee held a meeting, at which members of management and a representative of Pillsbury
were present. During the meeting, the Strategic Committee discussed InvenSense’s ongoing review of its strategic alternatives. The
Strategic Committee also discussed the process of selecting a financial advisor, including a review and assessment of potential
conflicts, industry knowledge, and qualifications; the Strategic Committee directed management to continue its efforts with regard to
the foregoing.

On August 26, 2016, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation’s U.S. subsidiary had a call to further discuss
InvenSense’s business.

On that same day, the Strategic Committee held a meeting at which members of management were present to further discuss the
progress of conversations with various parties regarding a potential strategic transaction. The Strategic Committee also discussed the
engagement of potential financial advisors and their assessment of each investment bank’s qualifications and potential conflicts of
interest.

On August 28, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephone call with a representative of Company C to answer diligence questions and to
further discuss a potential strategic transaction. Mr. Abdi asked for a presentation on Company C’s business so that he could present
more information to the Board of Directors.

On August 29, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company G to continue discussions from their
meeting earlier in August.

On August 30, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company C to discuss InvenSense’s business,
technology, product roadmap and long-range plan in connection with discussions of a potential strategic transaction. Representatives of
Company C also presented on their business, technology, customers and organization.

On September 8, 2016, Mr. Panush met with representatives of TDK Corporation in Tokyo, Japan to further discuss a potential
transaction and to respond to questions. TDK Corporation’s Chief Executive Officer joined part of the meeting and indicated that TDK
Corporation would likely follow up with a written offer letter.

On September 9, 2016, representatives of InvenSense met with representatives of Company E to further discuss a potential joint
venture.

On September 12, 2016, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation had a telephonic meeting during which the parties
discussed InvenSense’s sensor portfolio and Mr. Panush provided further information on InvenSense’s technology.

On that same day, Company A sent a revised, non-binding, written proposal to InvenSense with an offer price of $10.00 per share,
consisting of 60% cash and 40% newly issued shares of Company A common stock. The proposal was subject to confirmatory due
diligence and required InvenSense to agree to a 45-day exclusivity period. Mr. Abdi forwarded the proposal to the Board of Directors.
The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on September 12, 2016 was $7.23.
 

35



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 43/199

Table of Contents

Also on that same day, at the request of Company K after an introduction by an investment bank InvenSense had been negotiating
with regarding its engagement, representatives of InvenSense met with representatives of Company K to discuss InvenSense’s business
and a potential transaction, including an investment in InvenSense, a joint venture or an acquisition. Discussions were high level and
exploratory and no proposal was made.

On September 14, 2016, the Strategic Committee held a telephonic meeting, at which members of management and a
representative of Pillsbury were present, to discuss the progress of conversations with various parties regarding a potential strategic
transaction and to discuss Company A’s proposal dated September 12, 2016. Management reviewed with the Strategic Committee the
details of the most recent non-binding written proposal received from Company A. Management noted that InvenSense was in various
stages of discussions with other potential strategic partners, including TDK Corporation. Management and the Strategic Committee
then discussed the merits of the various parties, the current schedule for preliminary meetings with some of these parties and the
current proposed timing of the overall process. The Strategic Committee then discussed with management InvenSense’s long-range
plan, product roadmap and growth strategy and the various advantages and disadvantages of InvenSense’s strategic options, including
continuing to operate as a standalone entity. The Strategic Committee discussed how InvenSense’s current stock price was not
reflective of InvenSense’s intrinsic value and that all offers would need to include a premium that factored in such value. Management
provided an update on the engagement of a financial advisor. Finally, the Strategic Committee directed Mr. Abdi to contact Company A
to schedule meetings at which InvenSense’s management could conduct diligence on Company A so that the Strategic Committee and
the Board of Directors could better assess its offer. The Strategic Committee also discussed the selection of a financial advisor and the
qualifications and potential conflicts of the investment banks contacted as part of the selection process.

On September 15, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephone call with representatives of Company D to discuss potential synergies and to
answer questions about InvenSense’s business that Company D had sent in advance of the call.

On that same day, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation’s U.S. subsidiary had another telephonic meeting during
which they discussed InvenSense’s business.

On September 16, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a call with a representative of Company A, during which the parties discussed Company
A’s September 12, 2016 written proposal to acquire InvenSense. Mr. Abdi informed Company A that before providing additional
feedback, InvenSense would like to conduct diligence on Company A’s corporate strategy and long-range plan; the parties agreed to
schedule such a meeting.

On September 19, 2016, the Strategic Committee held a meeting, at which members of management and a representative of
Pillsbury were present, to discuss the progress of conversations with various parties, including TDK Corporation, regarding a potential
strategic transaction with InvenSense. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners also attended a portion of the meeting to make a
presentation to the Strategic Committee on the state of the semiconductor market. After the representatives of Qatalyst Partners left the
meeting, the Strategic Committee discussed the selection of a financial advisor. The Strategic Committee discussed the qualifications
and potential conflicts of interest of each of the investment banks interviewed as part of this process and concluded that, in light of the
potential conflicts of the investment bank with which InvenSense had a prior relationship and with which InvenSense had been
negotiating an engagement letter, the Strategic Committee would select a different bank. Following this discussion, the Strategic
Committee directed management to engage Qatalyst Partners on the terms discussed by the Strategic Committee because of Qatalyst
Partners’ qualifications, expertise, reputation, lack of conflicts and its knowledge of InvenSense’s industry, strategic positioning, future
prospects, and potential strategic and financial partners. The Strategic Committee then directed management to continue discussions
with the interested parties, including TDK Corporation and Company A. The Strategic Committee and management also discussed
other potential strategic partners to be contacted. The Strategic Committee then directed management to contact the additional parties
discussed and to direct Qatalyst Partners, once engaged, to also contact TDK Corporation, Company A and the other potential strategic
partners.
 

36



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 44/199

Table of Contents

On September 20, 2016, Mr. Abdi, Mr. Panush and Mr. Dentinger held a video conference with representatives of TDK
Corporation. During the meeting the parties conducted an in-depth review of InvenSense’s long-range plan, and the assumptions
underlying such plan, to provide sufficient information for TDK Corporation to value and model the business.

On that same day, Mr. Panush met with a representative of Company K to discuss InvenSense’s process. During the meeting the
representative of Company K informed Mr. Panush that Company K was exploring two other potential transactions and that it may not
be able to provide a proposal with a sufficient premium. No proposal was made by Company K at this meeting.

On September 21, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush had a telephonic meeting with representatives of TDK Corporation during
which they discussed InvenSense’s business and technology and potential synergies that could result from a potential transaction. In
discussing InvenSense’s valuation, Mr. Abdi informed the representatives of TDK Corporation that the current stock price should not
be used as an indication of InvenSense’s intrinsic value because InvenSense had invested in new technology that would enable product
and customer diversification over the longer term. Mr. Abdi reiterated that InvenSense had been approached for potential strategic
relationships and potential strategic acquisition transactions by other parties. Mr. Abdi then stated that InvenSense would only consider
offers that were at a substantial premium to market because InvenSense believed InvenSense’s current stock price did not reflect
InvenSense’s intrinsic value. Mr. Abdi informed TDK Corporation that due to interest in InvenSense from multiple parties, InvenSense
was engaging a financial advisor to run a process to explore strategic alternatives.

On September 22, 2016, a representative of Company I contacted a representative of Qatalyst Partners to follow up on their
August discussions with InvenSense regarding a potential strategic transaction and express interest in engaging in further discussions.

On that same day, a representative of Company C contacted a representative of Qatalyst Partners to express Company C’s
continuing interest in a potential transaction with InvenSense.

Also on that same day, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company J to discuss, at a high level, a potential
strategic transaction.

On September 23, 2016, at the request of InvenSense due to having a pre-existing relationship with Company L, Mr. Abdi and
Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company L to discuss InvenSense’s business and a potential strategic transaction at a high
level. Company L requested a follow-up meeting to further discuss a potential transaction.

On September 26, 2016, Mr. Abdi, Mr. Panush, two of InvenSense’s directors, Mr. Shah and Mr. Yu and representatives of
Qatalyst Partners met with representatives of Company A to conduct due diligence on Company A. During the meeting, representatives
of Company A presented on Company A’s strategy, business, long-range plan and technology roadmap. The representatives of
Company A reiterated their interest in a potential transaction with InvenSense and expressed a desire to move forward as soon as
possible.

Also on that same day, at the initiation of Mr. Panush, Mr. Panush and a representative of Company M held a telephonic
discussion, during which a representative of Company M expressed that Company M would be interested in acquiring one of
InvenSense’s business lines. The parties agreed to have a follow-up conversation.

On September 27, 2016, InvenSense engaged Qatalyst Partners as its financial advisor and directed representatives of Qatalyst
Partners to commence contacting potential strategic partners, including Company A, TDK Corporation, parties that were already in
discussions with InvenSense about a potential transaction and six additional parties. Between September 28, 2016 and September 29,
2016, Qatalyst contacted the additional six parties and each subsequently declined further discussions.
 

37



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 45/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, Mr. Abdi and a representative of Company D had a telephonic discussion regarding InvenSense’s strategic
process. A representative of Company D informed Mr. Abdi of an upcoming Company D board meeting at which a decision would be
made whether to proceed with negotiations with InvenSense. Mr. Abdi informed the representative of Company D that Qatalyst
Partners had been retained as InvenSense’s financial advisor and to contact Qatalyst Partners for additional information on the process.

Also on that same day, representatives of InvenSense’s senior management had a follow-up call with Company G to inform them
of the timing of the strategic process and that a representative of Qatalyst Partners would contact them to discuss Company G’s interest
in a strategic transaction with InvenSense.

On September 28, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners had a conversation with a representative of Company A regarding
the process and the timeline for responding to Company A’s proposal to acquire InvenSense.

On that same day, a representative of Company D contacted a representative of Qatalyst Partners to discuss, in general terms, a
potential strategic transaction with InvenSense and process timing.

Also on that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners contacted a representative of Company I to provide an update on
InvenSense’s process and timing.

On September 29, 2016, a representative of InvenSense’s senior management informed a representative of Company G of the
expected process timing and introduced them by email to representatives of Qatalyst Partners.

On that same day, a representative of InvenSense’s senior management had a telephone call with representatives of Company H
advising them that InvenSense was receiving expressions of interest, informed them of InvenSense’s process and anticipated timing,
and informed them that if Company H was interested in a potential strategic transaction it should contact Qatalyst Partners.

Also, on that same day, a representative of Company L and representatives of Qatalyst Partners had a telephonic conversation
regarding a potential acquisition of InvenSense. The representative of Company L informed the Qatalyst Partners representatives that
Company L may be interested in the acquisition of InvenSense’s sensor technology and would like to learn more about InvenSense and
its technology.

Also on that same day, Mr. Abdi contacted a representative of Company J to further gauge Company J’s interest in a potential
strategic transaction with InvenSense. The representative of Company J indicated that, while Company J was interested, Company J
would need to determine how it would finance a strategic transaction. Later that same day, a representative of Company J contacted
Mr. Abdi to further discuss a potential strategic transaction.

On September 30, 2016, a representative of TDK Corporation sent Mr. Abdi a non-binding letter of intent providing for an all-
cash acquisition of InvenSense at a proposed price of $10.00 to $11.00 per share. Mr. Abdi sent TDK Corporation’s offer to the Board
of Directors. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on September 30, 2016 was $7.42.

On that same day, Mr. Abdi introduced representatives of Qatalyst Partners to representatives of Company J by e-mail to facilitate
further discussion of a potential strategic transaction. Representatives of Company J expressed an interest in a potential strategic
transaction and said they would respond in November.

Also on that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners spoke to representatives of Company I. During this conversation,
Company I’s representatives informed Qatalyst Partners that Company I had partnered with a private equity firm who could provide
potential sources of financing and help Company I navigate the process of obtaining CFIUS and other regulatory approvals required to
consummate a potential transaction with InvenSense.
 

38



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 46/199

Table of Contents

On October 1, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic conversation with representatives of TDK Corporation regarding TDK
Corporation’s proposal. Based on prior discussions with the Board of Directors, Mr. Abdi emphasized that the Board of Directors was
seeking an offer that was at a significant premium to market to reflect InvenSense’s intrinsic value. A representative of TDK
Corporation requested a follow-up meeting to continue discussions and to conduct further diligence. The representative of TDK
Corporation agreed to have representatives of their financial advisor, Bank of America Merrill Lynch (“BofAML”), speak with
representatives of Qatalyst Partners to discuss the valuation of InvenSense.

On October 2, 2016, representatives of Company H informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that they were considering how
to structure a potential transaction with InvenSense, including whether it would be an acquisition or a joint venture. A representative of
Qatalyst Partners responded that the Board of Directors was open to considering either option as long as it maximized stockholder
value. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners advised Company H that they should be as specific as possible regarding the structure of
any proposed transaction.

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and BofAML had a telephonic discussion regarding TDK Corporation’s
initial written proposal to acquire InvenSense. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners reiterated that InvenSense had already received
indications of interest and that the Board of Directors was seeking an offer that was at a significant premium to market to reflect
InvenSense’s intrinsic value. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners also conveyed that TDK Corporation’s proposal was not clearly
superior to an existing written proposal and that the Board of Directors and management had instructed Qatalyst Partners to continue
contacting other potential strategic partners as part of a broader process.

On October 3, 2016, the Strategic Committee held a meeting with members of management, a representative of Pillsbury and
representatives of Qatalyst Partners in attendance. A representative of Qatalyst Partners discussed with the Strategic Committee
InvenSense’s ongoing exploration of its strategic alternatives, including discussions with 25 potential strategic partners, including 11
other parties not mentioned above with whom InvenSense or representatives of Qatalyst Partners had initial conversations, but who
would ultimately not participate significantly in the process. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners noted that two of these entities had
declined further discussions. The representatives of Qatalyst Partners also discussed with the Strategic Committee an additional nine
entities that had been identified as potential strategic partners, but at management’s request had not been contacted for a variety of
reasons, including for competitive reasons, the possibility of leaks, a lower probability of completion or that such parties were believed
not to be likely to produce a proposal that was competitive or higher than the existing proposals from Company A and TDK
Corporation. After consideration of these factors, the Strategic Committee decided not to expand the number of entities contacted at
that time. The Strategic Committee did, however, direct InvenSense’s management to continue to respond opportunistically to any
unsolicited inquiries received from other entities that could make a competitive offer and to reach out to additional entities, including
those in the list of nine parties referenced above, if further information arose that would affect the analysis. The Strategic Committee
discussed the process and timeline, setting a deadline of October 26, 2016 for receipt of proposals, so that they could be reviewed
during the next Board of Directors meeting. Together with Mr. Abdi, a representative of Qatalyst Partners then presented in detail each
of the most recent proposals received from Company A and TDK Corporation. A representative of Qatalyst Partners then discussed
with the Strategic Committee in further detail Company A and Company A’s proposed transaction. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners
and Mr. Abdi also described their recent discussions with Company A, including the results of the diligence on Company A. The
Strategic Committee then discussed with the members of management and the representatives of Qatalyst Partners a proposed form of
further response to Company A and TDK Corporation. The Strategic Committee directed management and representatives of Qatalyst
Partners to proceed with discussions with TDK Corporation and Company A and to negotiate higher prices with both parties that
reflect the intrinsic value of InvenSense as discussed by the Board of Directors. The Strategic Committee directed the representatives
of Qatalyst Partners to send formal proposal process letters with a proposal submission deadline of October 26, 2016, to parties with
sufficient interest in a potential acquisition. The Strategic Committee also directed members of senior management to continue
 

39



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 47/199

Table of Contents

discussions with other parties who had expressed interest in other strategic transactions, including joint ventures or other
collaborations.

On that same day, a representative of Qatalyst Partners and a representative of Company G discussed a potential two-step
approach involving a joint venture with InvenSense with the eventual goal of Company G acquiring the remainder of InvenSense’s
assets over time. The representative of Qatalyst Partners responded that proposals would be expected by late October. The
representative of Company G indicated they could be able to submit a proposal by that deadline; Company G did not subsequently
provide a proposal.

Also on that same day, a representative of Qatalyst Partners contacted representatives of Company F to introduce themselves and
to follow up on Company F’s prior high level discussions with InvenSense regarding a potential transaction. The representative of
Qatalyst Partners described InvenSense’s process and informed the representatives of Company F that detailed confidential information
would be made available if InvenSense were to receive a credible proposal.

On October 4, 2016, a representative of Qatalyst Partners informed a representative of Company A that the Strategic Committee
had determined that Company A’s proposal did not reflect the intrinsic value of InvenSense, that InvenSense had received another
proposal, and that InvenSense was undertaking a more formalized process with a proposal deadline of October 26, 2016.

On that same day, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic conversation with representatives of TDK Corporation, during which they
tentatively scheduled a meeting in New York. During the call Mr. Abdi stated that TDK Corporation’s offer price was too low and that
he would only attend the meeting in New York if there was potential for TDK Corporation to increase its offer. Mr. Abdi also informed
the representatives of TDK Corporation that InvenSense was undertaking a formal process with a proposal deadline of October 26,
2016. Representatives of TDK Corporation indicated that there was potential for TDK Corporation to increase its offer if TDK
Corporation received additional information regarding InvenSense’s business. Mr. Abdi agreed to attend the meeting.

On October 5, 2016, representatives of Company D held a telephonic meeting with representatives of Qatalyst Partners to discuss
the timeline for submitting proposals. The representatives of Company D informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that they had
held an informal discussion with Company D’s board of directors to review the strategic rationale for consummating a transaction with
InvenSense, but had not yet determined a valuation. Company D agreed to send Qatalyst Partners a focused due diligence question list,
which Company D sent on October 12, 2016, and that was subsequently addressed by representatives of InvenSense during meetings
between the parties on October 19, 2016.

On that same day, representatives of TDK Corporation sent Mr. Abdi a list of topics to be discussed during the proposed meeting
in New York. Later that same day, Mr. Abdi and representatives of TDK Corporation had a telephonic meeting during which they
discussed InvenSense’s business and the growth prospects of InvenSense’s products.

Also on that same day, a representative of Company F contacted representatives of Qatalyst Partners to request a meeting with
Mr. Abdi and an update on InvenSense’s process.

On that same day, a representative of Qatalyst Partners informed a representative of Company J that Qatalyst Partners had been
engaged by InvenSense and that InvenSense had previously received acquisition proposals and was now conducting a formal process.
Representatives of Qatalyst Partners informed Company J that the initial proposal deadline would be October 26, 2016 and agreed to
send Company J a proposal process letter.

On October 6, 2016, Mr. Abdi and representatives of TDK Corporation held a meeting in New York to further discuss TDK
Corporation’s most recent offer. The parties also discussed other topics including detailed questions provided by TDK Corporation
regarding InvenSense’s business, customers and potential future growth.
 

40



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 48/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, a representative of Qatalyst Partners emailed representatives of Company J to confirm that they would receive
a formal process letter, which was subsequently sent on October 18, 2016. In a separate conversation with a member of the Board of
Directors on that same day, representatives of Company J indicated that Company J could likely submit a proposal by the deadline and
that Company J was working with a consortium to find funding for a potential transaction.

On October 7, 2016, Mr. Abdi and a representative of TDK Corporation corresponded to confirm that they wanted to continue
working toward a mutually acceptable proposal following the meeting in New York City.

On that same day, representatives of Company D had a telephonic discussion with representatives of Qatalyst Partners to express
interest in a management presentation regarding InvenSense’s business. Later that day, Mr. Abdi had a telephone conversation with a
representative of Company D, during which Company D’s representative informed Mr. Abdi that the management meeting would be
essential for Company D’s determination to submit a proposal. The management meeting was held on October 19, 2016.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company A sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners a due diligence request list and
requested a meeting with InvenSense’s management, including InvenSense’s technology and tax specialists, as part of Company A’s
diligence process.

On October 10, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company L and presented on InvenSense’s business,
technology, long-range plan and product roadmap. Company L expressed interest in a potential strategic transaction, but informed
InvenSense that Company L would not be able to move quickly due to other priorities.

On that same day, Mr. Abdi met a representative of Company F to discuss a potential strategic transaction and InvenSense’s
business, technology and product roadmap.

Also on that same day, Company J informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that it needed to resolve certain internal business
matters prior to issuing a committed offer or engaging with InvenSense’s advisors.

On October 11, 2016, representatives of Company I and representatives of Qatalyst Partners had a telephonic meeting during
which they discussed the status of InvenSense’s process. Company I informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company I was
still determining whether to pursue a strategic transaction with InvenSense. Company I did not subsequently pursue a strategic
transaction with InvenSense.

On that same day, representatives of Company H sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners a description of two possible structures
for a strategic transaction with InvenSense. Company H indicated that it was willing to discuss either an initial investment in
InvenSense with an acquisition to be completed at a later date or an acquisition; no price per share or valuation of InvenSense was
contained in Company H’s written materials. Company H also indicated that it would submit a letter of intent within two weeks after
agreeing on a transaction structure with InvenSense. Company H specified that the letter of intent would include a three-month
exclusivity period. A representative of Qatalyst Partners informed Company H that InvenSense had received, and was considering,
proposals for an acquisition of all of its outstanding common stock.

On October 12, 2016, a representative of TDK Corporation sent Mr. Abdi a revised non-binding, written proposal with a per share
range of $11.00 to $12.00. Mr. Abdi sent the revised proposal to the Board of Directors. The closing price of InvenSense’s common
stock on October 12, 2016 was $7.33.

On that same day, representatives of Company D sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners a list of diligence questions for
discussion at the parties’ meeting on October 19, 2016.

On October 14, 2016, representatives of Company A and representatives of Qatalyst Partners discussed next steps and tentatively
agreed upon October 26, 2016, for a management meeting with InvenSense, which was the earliest date the parties could meet due to
scheduling conflicts.
 

41



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 49/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, Mr. Panush and representatives of TDK Corporation’s U.S. subsidiary had a status update meeting.

On October 17, 2016, Messrs. Abdi, Dentinger and Panush met with representatives of Company C. During the meeting, the
parties discussed several aspects of InvenSense’s business, technology long-range plan and product roadmap.

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and BofAML held a telephonic meeting to discuss InvenSense’s process,
including timing.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company F met with representatives of Qatalyst Partners and InvenSense to discuss a
potential strategic transaction at a high level.

On October 18, 2016, a representative of Company L informed a representative of Qatalyst Partners that while an acquisition of
InvenSense could be strategically compelling, Company L was unlikely to submit a proposal by the deadline due to other priorities.
Company L did not submit a proposal.

On October 18 and 19, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners provided each of the eight parties that were responsive and had
actively expressed interest in a transaction to acquire the entire company (including Company A, Company C, Company D, Company
F, Company I, Company J, Company L, and TDK Corporation) with a process letter relating to the submission of proposals. The
process letter instructed each party to submit its proposal by October 26, 2016.

On October 19, 2016, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with representatives of Company D and presented on InvenSense’s
technology, product roadmap, customer base and long-range plan.

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners contacted representatives of Company H to discuss their interest in a
potential transaction. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners requested a telephonic meeting, which took place on October 24, 2016.

On October 20, 2016, a representative of Company C telephoned representatives of Qatalyst Partners to indicate that Company C
was uncertain that it would make an offer to acquire InvenSense.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company G called representatives of Qatalyst Partners to inform them that Company
G’s investment committee was in the process of reviewing the opportunity and that Company G would contact Qatalyst Partners after
Company G’s investment committee meeting.

On October 21, 2016, representatives of Company A had a call with representatives of Qatalyst Partners regarding outstanding
diligence items.

On that same day, a representative of Company N telephoned a representative of Qatalyst Partners to discuss the process. The
representative of Company N stated that Company N would consider its interest in InvenSense relative to other strategic alternatives it
was considering and respond to Qatalyst Partners if it were interested in pursuing a transaction. Qatalyst Partners did not provide
Company N with a process letter.

Also on that same day, a representative of Company D called Mr. Abdi and informed him that Company D was not in a position
to submit a competitive acquisition proposal and that Company D was withdrawing from the process.

On October 23, 2016, a representative of Company J and a representative of Qatalyst Partners had a telephonic discussion during
which the representative of Company J informed the representative of Qatalyst Partners that the cost of raising funds to finance the
transaction was too high. The representative of Company J
 

42



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 50/199

Table of Contents

then stated that Company J was putting the opportunity on hold but wanted to maintain an open dialogue with InvenSense’s
management. Company J did not subsequently make any proposals regarding a transaction with InvenSense.

On October 24, 2016, a representative of Company H telephoned representatives of Qatalyst Partners to inform them that
Company H’s internal process would be delayed and that Company H needed to discuss the transaction internally before deciding how
to proceed; neither InvenSense nor Qatalyst Partners received any further contact from Company H.

On October 26, 2016, representatives of InvenSense’s senior management met with representatives of Company A, during which
the parties had a diligence discussion regarding their respective businesses, customers and products. Representatives of Qatalyst
Partners also attended the meeting. Representatives of InvenSense reiterated that Company A’s proposal did not reflect the intrinsic
value of InvenSense and that Company A needed to increase its proposal, preferably prior to the proposal deadline later that day, so
that the Board of Directors could consider it along with other strategic alternatives.

By the deadline on October 26, 2016, no parties had submitted a proposal to acquire InvenSense other than Company A and TDK
Corporation.

Also on that same day, Company F’s representatives informed Qatalyst Partners that based solely on publicly available
information, Company F could not justify a valuation at a meaningful premium to the current trading price and therefore could not
submit an offer by the proposal deadline. Company F requested additional diligence materials in order to make an offer.

Also on that same day, Company C informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company C was going to discuss a
potential proposal at its board meeting the following afternoon and would not be able to submit an offer by the deadline.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company L contacted a representative of Qatalyst Partners to inform them that
Company L was still considering a potential transaction and would revert as quickly as possible.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company K contacted Mr. Abdi to inform him that Company K wanted to participate in
InvenSense’s process and asked to be introduced to representatives of Qatalyst Partners.

On October 28, 2016, a representative of Company N emailed representatives of Qatalyst Partners to inform them that Company
N was interested in participating in the process and scheduled a meeting for November 11, 2016.

Later on that same day, Mr. Abdi and a representative of TDK Corporation had a telephonic discussion during which Mr. Abdi
asked whether TDK Corporation planned to revise its proposal. TDK Corporation stated that it would not be submitting a revised
proposal. Mr. Abdi stated the Board of Directors’ view that it was seeking a proposal that reflected InvenSense’s intrinsic value. The
parties agreed to meet in Japan to continue discussions, which meeting was held on November 7, 2016.

Also on that same day the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. Representatives of management, Qatalyst
Partners and Pillsbury also attended the meeting. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners discussed with the Board of Directors
InvenSense’s ongoing exploration of its strategic alternatives, including discussions with 26 potential strategic partners. The Board of
Directors noted that of the parties contacted, nine had declined, two had submitted proposals and the remainder were in various stages
of discussions with InvenSense and representatives of Qatalyst Partners. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners then discussed with the
Board of Directors the proposal from TDK Corporation dated October 12, 2016 and the proposal from Company A dated
September 12, 2016, including the stock component of Company A’s proposal. Management then
 

43



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 51/199

Table of Contents

discussed with the Board of Directors the fact that Company A had not indicated whether it intended to revise its proposal. The Board
of Directors discussed next steps, including responding to the proposals from TDK Corporation and Company A and whether to
continue discussions with parties that did not provide proposals. After discussion, the Board of Directors determined that while the
proposals from TDK Corporation and Company A each represented a premium to market, neither reflected the intrinsic value of
InvenSense. The Board of Directors then directed Mr. Abdi to reject TDK Corporation’s proposal and to continue to negotiate with,
and to attempt to obtain a higher per share proposal from, TDK Corporation. As part of these ongoing negotiations, the representatives
of Qatalyst Partners and management were authorized to counter, when appropriate, TDK Corporation’s proposal at $14 per share. The
Board of Directors also directed management and Qatalyst Partners to continue to negotiate with, and attempt to obtain a higher per
share proposal from, Company A and to obtain confirmation that Company A’s proposal was still valid in light of the recent drop in
Company A’s stock price. In light of the wide divergence between Company A’s proposal and the expectations of the Board of
Directors, it was decided not to authorize a formal counterproposal to Company A, but to continue discussions with Company A to
explain the intrinsic value of InvenSense. Management was also authorized to continue providing diligence information to TDK
Corporation so that TDK Corporation could better understand the intrinsic value of InvenSense. The Board of Directors also directed
management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners to reach out to four additional parties, to continue discussions with the parties
previously contacted and to respond to any meaningful interest in a potential acquisition of InvenSense. The Board of Directors also
directed management and representatives of Qatalyst to set a final proposal deadline for the first week of December for all remaining
interested parties. In addition, the Board of Directors discussed the merits of announcing that InvenSense was undertaking a review of
its strategic alternatives and whether to address media reports from earlier that day (during trading hours) that InvenSense was
conducting a process and had engaged a financial advisor. After discussion, the Board of Directors determined that it would issue a
brief press release to address the rumors. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on October 27, 2016 was $6.87 and on
October 28, 2016 was $7.48.

On October 29, 2016, a representative of Company K informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company K was
interested in pursuing a potential transaction with InvenSense. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners conveyed the current status of the
strategic review process and timing. Telephonic meetings between representatives from Company K and representatives of InvenSense
were subsequently scheduled for October 31, 2016 and November 2, 2016.

On that same day, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic discussion with a representative of TDK Corporation, during which Mr. Abdi
conveyed that the Board of Directors believed that TDK Corporation’s proposal was not reflective of InvenSense’s intrinsic value and
requested that representatives of Qatalyst Partners provide TDK Corporation additional information. The parties agreed to continue
discussions regarding a potential transaction while looking for solutions to close the gap on valuation. Mr. Abdi also offered to provide
additional detail on InvenSense’s roadmap and product pipeline to facilitate a better understanding of InvenSense’s intrinsic value. The
parties agreed to have a follow-up meeting in Japan.

On October 31, 2016, representatives of Company L informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company L was still
determining whether to participate in the process.

On that same day, representatives of Company C informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company C would not submit
a proposal.

Also on that same day, a representative of InvenSense had a telephonic meeting with a representative of Company K regarding a
potential strategic transaction.

Also on that same day, in response to rumors that had been circulated in the media on October 28, 2016, InvenSense issued a
press release stating that it would consider a number of options to further enhance stockholder value in response to significant interest
in InvenSense, InvenSense had hired a financial advisor, and
 

44



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 52/199

Table of Contents

that no decision had been made at that time. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on October 31, 2016, was $7.65.

On November 1, 2016, representatives of BofAML and representatives of Qatalyst Partners had a telephonic conversation during
which representatives of Qatalyst Partners indicated that the per share price in TDK Corporation’s revised proposal was too low and
that InvenSense was seeking a price per share closer to $14.00. Representatives of BofAML indicated that TDK Corporation would
need information regarding InvenSense’s long term business model in order for TDK Corporation to increase its proposal.
Representatives of Qatalyst Partners informed BofAML that TDK Corporation would have the opportunity to review projections at
upcoming meetings with InvenSense on November 7, 2016 (Japan time), in Tokyo, Japan.

Between November 1, 2016 and November 4, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners contacted the four additional parties
identified by the Board of Directors. Each party declined to engage in discussions with InvenSense regarding a potential transaction.

On November 2, 2016, after failing to submit a proposal by the deadline, representatives of Company F contacted representatives
of Qatalyst Partners to request a meeting with InvenSense’s management to learn more about InvenSense’s business before making an
offer. The representatives of Company F stated that mid-November would be the earliest date that they could meet, but that Company F
would be able to provide a proposal shortly after such meeting.

On that same day, representatives of Company K and a representative of InvenSense had a telephonic meeting to further discuss
InvenSense’s business and a potential transaction. During the call, Company K indicated that it was considering transactions with other
parties. The parties had no further discussions regarding a potential strategic transaction following this discussion.

On November 3, 2016, a representative of Company O emailed Mr. Abdi regarding a potential strategic transaction and Mr. Abdi
provided an update on InvenSense’s process. Discussions were general and no proposal was submitted by Company O at this time.

On November 7, 2016, Mr. Abdi and other members of senior management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners met with
representatives of TDK Corporation in Tokyo, Japan to further discuss InvenSense’s business, the appropriate valuation of InvenSense,
and the timing of a potential revised proposal. In addition, technical teams from InvenSense and TDK Corporation discussed various
technical and product-related matters. During the meeting, a senior executive of TDK Corporation expressed his continued interest in a
transaction in which TDK Corporation would acquire InvenSense.

On that same day, Mr. Panush met with a representative of Company O to discuss, at a high level, Company O’s interest in, and
ability to consummate, a potential acquisition of InvenSense including Company O’s ability to finance such a transaction.

On November 8, 2016, a representative of Company L informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that given both the timing
and size of the transaction, Company L could not pursue an acquisition of InvenSense.

On that same day, BofAML sent Qatalyst Partners an updated information request list and requested an update on timing of
access to the data room.

On November 9, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and BofAML had a telephonic meeting to discuss the proposed
diligence meetings and follow up questions regarding the valuation of InvenSense.

Also on that day, Mr. Abdi had a telephone call with a representative of TDK Corporation, during which they further discussed
the topics discussed in the meeting in Japan. TDK Corporation’s representative requested a
 

45



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 53/199

Table of Contents

two-day diligence follow-up meeting at InvenSense’s headquarters in San Jose, California. Mr. Abdi reiterated that TDK Corporation’s
proposal was still below InvenSense’s intrinsic value and TDK Corporation’s representative indicated that TDK Corporation could
potentially review its offer if TDK Corporation could conduct further diligence. After discussing the offer price further, Mr. Abdi
agreed to arrange additional management presentations, diligence meetings, and one-on-one discussions between senior management
of the parties for later that month.

On that same day, representatives of InvenSense had a meeting with representatives of Company M to discuss a potential
transaction in which Company M would acquire one of InvenSense’s business lines.

On November 10, 2016, representatives of Company M advised representatives of InvenSense that Company M wanted to
explore the possibility of a transaction between the two companies. Following that conversation, a representative of InvenSense
introduced representatives of Company M to a representative of Qatalyst Partners.

On that same day, representatives of Company N informed a representative of InvenSense that it needed to postpone the proposed
November 11, 2016 management meetings because of conflicts. The parties did not hold a meeting and Company N did not submit a
proposal.

Also on that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners received updated legal and business due diligence requests submitted
by BofAML on behalf of TDK Corporation.

Additionally, on that same day, representatives of Company F sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners a preliminary due
diligence questionnaire for InvenSense’s management and requested a meeting with InvenSense’s management to discuss the diligence.

On November 11, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners discussed with a representative of Company M InvenSense’s process
and inquired about Company M’s ability to finance a potential transaction. Representatives of Company M stated that while Company
M’s initial interest was in acquiring one of InvenSense’s business lines, it would consider acquiring the entire company.
Representatives of Qatalyst Partners advised representatives of Company M that InvenSense was currently evaluating proposals for the
entire company and that Company M should decide promptly whether to pursue an acquisition of InvenSense at this time.

On November 12, 2016, TDK Corporation, BofAML and Jones Day, legal counsel to TDK Corporation, were given access to
InvenSense’s data room.

On November 15, 2016, representatives of Company A called representatives of Qatalyst Partners and had a conversation wherein
Company A expressed its continued interest in pursuing a transaction with InvenSense, but did not have a revised proposal at this time
and requested additional diligence information.

On November 16 and 17, 2016, several InvenSense executives, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and representatives of
Pillsbury met with representatives of TDK Corporation, BofAML and Jones Day in Santa Clara, California for in depth business and
legal diligence discussions. During the meetings both parties discussed their respective businesses and potential synergies. A
representative of TDK Corporation informed Mr. Abdi that a condition of TDK Corporation’s willingness to acquire InvenSense would
be the post-acquisition retention of all key personnel, including Mr. Abdi and InvenSense’s other executives. No specific details
regarding executive retention for employees or executives, including Mr. Abdi, were discussed. Mr. Abdi again emphasized that any
potential transaction would have to maximize stockholder value and include a premium that represented InvenSense’s intrinsic value.

On November 17, 2016, Qatalyst Partners sent the initial draft of the Merger Agreement to BofAML and Jones Day.
 

46



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 54/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners had a telephonic conversation with representatives of Company A during
which they described the current status of the process. The representatives of Qatalyst Partners reiterated that the Board of Directors
determined that an acquisition price of $10.00 per share was not sufficient and told Company A that the Board of Directors had agreed
to provide additional information so that Company A could provide a higher proposal.

On November 18, 2016, representatives of Company A advised representatives of Qatalyst Partners that they wanted to move
forward and requested access to InvenSense’s data room to access additional information, including information on InvenSense’s
planned products, so that they could properly value InvenSense’s business. On November 19, 2016, Company A was provided access
to InvenSense’s data room.

On that same day, representatives of InvenSense and a representative of Qatalyst Partners met with representatives of Company F,
during which the parties discussed InvenSense’s business and Company F was provided a subset of the long-range plan.
Representatives of Company F indicated that Company F would submit an indication of interest during the week of November 28,
2016, but no proposal or indication of interest was received.

On November 21, 2016, representatives of Qatalyst Partners sent final offer process letters, which included an initial draft of the
Merger Agreement, to the remaining active parties, Company A and TDK Corporation, each of whom had previously provided
proposals to acquire all of InvenSense. The final process letters requested that each party submit its best and final proposal and a
revised draft of the Merger Agreement by December 6, 2016.

On that same day, representatives of TDK Corporation sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners an additional list of business and
financial due diligence questions.

Also on that same day, a representative of Company M informed a representative of Qatalyst Partners that Company M was still
considering whether to move forward with a proposal. The representative of Qatalyst Partners informed the representative of Company
M that InvenSense had received significant interest in a potential acquisition of the entire company and that the final proposal deadline
was December 6, 2016.

On November 29, 2016, InvenSense’s executive team met with representatives of Company A and presented information on
InvenSense’s technology, manufacturing, product roadmap and sales.

On November 30, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic discussion with a representative of TDK Corporation, during which the price
per share in a potential transaction between the parties and the ongoing diligence process were discussed. Mr. Abdi continued to
emphasize that TDK Corporation had to focus on InvenSense’s intrinsic value. In accordance with the Board of Directors’ prior
direction on price and process, Mr. Abdi also stated that the Board of Directors had directed him to pursue other potential alternatives.

On that same day, representatives of TDK Corporation’s outside accounting consultants had a telephonic meeting to discuss
financial diligence matters with representatives of InvenSense and representatives of Qatalyst Partners.

On December 2, 2016, representatives of Company A and a representative of Qatalyst Partners had a telephone conversation,
during which the representative of Company A expressed doubt that Company A would complete its diligence in time to be able to
submit a proposal by the December 6 deadline.

Also on that same day, representatives of Pillsbury and representatives of Jones Day held a telephonic meeting to discuss certain
key provisions of the draft Merger Agreement. During this call Jones Day stated that TDK Corporation would require that
InvenSense’s officers, directors and the funds affiliated with InvenSense’s directors sign a voting agreement whereby such parties
would agree to vote all of their respective shares in favor of a transaction with TDK Corporation.
 

47



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 55/199

Table of Contents

On December 5, 2016, representatives of InvenSense held a telephonic meeting with representatives of TDK Corporation to
discuss ongoing diligence on InvenSense’s information technology and related systems.

On December 6, 2016, representatives of InvenSense and representatives of TDK Corporation had a telephone call during which
TDK Corporation’s representative requested additional information to assist with the preparation of TDK Corporation’s revised
proposal. Later that day, TDK Corporation submitted a written, non-binding proposal to acquire InvenSense for $12.50 per share, a
revised draft of the Merger Agreement, a supplemental diligence request list and an exclusivity agreement. TDK Corporation’s
proposal specified that the transaction would be funded with cash on hand and that the transaction was subject to confirmatory
diligence and InvenSense’s agreement to an exclusivity period expiring on December 31, 2016; the parties, however, did not ultimately
enter into an exclusivity agreement. The closing price of InvenSense’s common stock on December 6, 2016, was $7.95 and the closing
price of InvenSense’s common stock on October 27, 2016, the last trading day prior to the rumors circulated in the market, was $6.87.

On that same day, representatives of InvenSense received Company E’s official proposal for a joint venture. The proposal
contemplated a $40 million cash payment to InvenSense upon formation of an automotive joint venture and a payment of up to $160
million in cash to InvenSense over the following five years, subject to the achievement of commercial milestones.

Also on that same day, representatives of Company M informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that Company M was not in a
position to acquire all of InvenSense and that it was primarily interested in acquiring a business line. The representatives of Company
M stated that they had a number of other matters they were pursuing and could not devote immediate attention to a potential
transaction with InvenSense.

On December 7, 2016, a representative of Company A informed a representative of Qatalyst Partners that Company A was
targeting to submit a proposal to acquire InvenSense on December 9, 2016.

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners telephoned representatives of BofAML to reaffirm the Board of Directors’
view of the importance of a proposal that reflected InvenSense’s intrinsic value.

Also on that same day, Mr. Abdi and Mr. Panush met with a representative of Company F. In the meeting, the representative of
Company F stated that Company F would need considerable time to secure funding and that Company F would not be submitting a
written proposal.

Also on that same day, a representative of a financial sponsor of Company O had a telephonic discussion with Mr. Abdi, during
which he informed Mr. Abdi that his company had raised $500 million and that he wanted to form a syndicate to participate in
InvenSense’s process.

On December 8, 2016, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic meeting with representatives of TDK Corporation, during which they discussed
TDK Corporation’s latest proposal. During this conversation the parties continued to negotiate the price per share in TDK
Corporation’s proposal. After discussion of the value of acquiring InvenSense to TDK Corporation, the representatives of TDK
Corporation offered $13.00 per share and indicated it was TDK Corporation’s best and final offer. Mr. Abdi countered with $14.00 per
share and the representative of TDK Corporation stated that $13.00 was TDK Corporation’s final offer.

Also on that same day (December 9, 2016 in Japan), Japanese media outlets published reports that TDK Corporation was engaged
in negotiations to acquire InvenSense at a price of $12 per share. After the reports were published, TDK Corporation issued a release in
Japan stating that the reports were not based on any announcements by TDK Corporation and that no decision had been made at that
time. TDK Corporation issued its statement to comply with the disclosure rules of the Tokyo Stock Exchange. The Nikkei and Yomiuri
reports were subsequently quoted in several media sources in the United States during the U.S. trading day of December 9, 2016.
InvenSense’s common stock traded on the NYSE as high as $11.02 per share on December 9, 2016. The closing price of InvenSense’s
common stock on December 8, 2016, the immediately preceding trading day, was $8.27 per share.
 

48



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 56/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, Mr. Abdi met with a representative of Company A, during which the representative of Company A conveyed
that it could not increase its current offer above $10.00 per share and that Company A would not submit a higher proposal.

On December 9, 2016, the Board of Directors held a telephonic meeting to discuss recent updates in InvenSense’s process and the
most recent proposal received from TDK Corporation. A representative of Pillsbury and representatives of Qatalyst Partners were also
in attendance. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners provided an update on InvenSense’s process, the parties that had been contacted, the
current status of those discussions, and the feedback received from such parties. The Board of Directors discussed Company A’s
response that it would not submit a higher offer. Mr. Abdi then provided the Board of Directors with an update on his conversation with
a representative of TDK Corporation the previous day, during which TDK Corporation’s representative had orally raised TDK
Corporation’s proposed offer price from $12.50 to $13.00 per share and that Mr. Abdi had countered with $14.00 per share. The Board
of Directors discussed the fact that after contacting or receiving inquiries from 33 parties, including four additional parties contacted at
the direction of the Board of Directors and two more parties that contacted InvenSense or Qatalyst Partners since the meeting of the
Board of Directors on October 28, 2016, the process resulted in formal proposals from only two companies. Representatives of
Qatalyst Partners and the Board of Directors then discussed additional potential parties that could be contacted and the likelihood that
they would pursue a transaction with InvenSense. After discussion, the Board of Directors determined that the parties other than those
parties already contacted were not likely to make a proposal at a valuation equal to or greater than that being offered by TDK
Corporation. A representative of Qatalyst Partners then discussed with the Board of Directors TDK Corporation’s proposed offer and
Company A’s most recent offer of $10.00 per share. In a closed session, the representative of Pillsbury reviewed the Board of
Directors’ fiduciary duties in connection with a potential strategic transaction. The Board of Directors then discussed recent
developments in InvenSense’s business, including joint venture discussions with Company E, new customers and design wins, its
standalone strategy and its prospects in the near-term and long-term. The Board of Directors determined that TDK Corporation’s
proposal was superior to the joint venture proposal of Company E due to the uncertainty of the milestone payments and value of the
overall deal to InvenSense’s stockholders. The Board of Directors did, however, determine to keep discussions open with Company E
should a transaction with TDK Corporation not be finalized. The Board of Directors also reviewed the relative risks and benefits of
executing this strategy and continuing to operate as a standalone company. The representative of Pillsbury reviewed the key issues in
TDK Corporation’s proposed draft of the Merger Agreement, including those related to structure and timing considerations,
representations and warranties, covenants, required regulatory approvals, non-solicitation provisions that would prohibit InvenSense
from soliciting alternative acquisition proposals, but permit InvenSense to negotiate certain unsolicited acquisitions proposals and
accept an unsolicited superior proposal, TDK Corporation’s matching rights, termination provisions, the termination fee, and the
circumstances under which a termination fee would be payable by InvenSense. The Board of Directors discussed the importance of
stockholder value and deal certainty above all other issues, including management retention, and to avoid negotiations on management
retention while the offer price was being negotiated. After extensive discussions, the Board of Directors directed management to
proceed with negotiations with TDK Corporation on the key issues discussed at the meeting and instructed Mr. Abdi to try to negotiate
a higher price per share of $13.50.

On the same day, after the Board of Directors meeting, Mr. Abdi had a telephonic meeting with a representative of TDK
Corporation, during which the parties discussed the recent leak in the market concerning acquisition discussions between InvenSense
and TDK Corporation. During this call, Mr. Abdi stated that the Board of Directors would be willing to consider entering into
exclusivity with TDK Corporation if TDK Corporation increased its offer to $13.50 per share. Mr. Abdi also noted that TDK
Corporation’s current draft of the Merger Agreement had several legal and business issues that needed to be resolved. The parties
agreed to meet the following week to discuss the Merger Agreement and to attempt to resolve any remaining issues.

On December 11, 2016, representatives of BofAML informed representatives of Qatalyst Partners that TDK Corporation was
focused on completing legal and business due diligence on an accelerated basis, that $13.00 per
 

49



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 57/199

Table of Contents

share was the highest that TDK Corporation could offer and that the revised proposal remained subject to approval by TDK
Corporation’s board of directors.

On December 12, 2016, Jones Day sent Pillsbury an initial draft of the Voting Agreement.

Between December 12, 2016, and the execution of the Merger Agreement on December 21, 2016, Jones Day, Pillsbury and other
representatives of TDK Corporation and InvenSense continued to negotiate and exchange revised drafts of the Merger Agreement and
Voting Agreement. Representatives of TDK Corporation also continued their diligence review.

On December 13, 2016, a representative of a financial sponsor of Company O had a telephonic meeting with Mr. Abdi, during
which he requested that Company O be provided access to InvenSense’s data room. Later that day, Mr. Abdi introduced the
representatives of Company O to representatives of Qatalyst Partners by email and noted that the Board of Directors would likely want
to see a letter of financial commitment as part of any proposal from Company O because Company O had indicated that it did not have
sufficient cash on hand to fund a transaction. Subsequently, a representative of Company O and a representative of Qatalyst Partners
had a telephone call to discuss the foregoing.

On December 14, 2016, the Strategic Committee held a telephonic meeting to discuss InvenSense’s exploration of its strategic
alternatives, including recent negotiations with TDK Corporation. Also in attendance were other members of the Board of Directors,
InvenSense’s management, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and a representative of Pillsbury. A representative of Qatalyst Partners
provided an update on recent discussions with TDK Corporation and BofAML, including negotiations of pricing and the remaining
open issues in the Merger Agreement. Mr. Abdi and the Strategic Committee discussed his pending conversation with a representative
of TDK Corporation on key terms of a potential transaction. The Strategic Committee discussed how it was important to prioritize the
sale price above all other issues, including management retention, and to avoid negotiations on management incentives at the same
time the offer price was being negotiated by the parties. A representative of Qatalyst Partners then updated the Strategic Committee on
interest from Company O and possible next steps. The Strategic Committee discussed the likelihood of completing a transaction with
other potential acquirers at a valuation equal to or greater than that offered by TDK Corporation as well as InvenSense’s potential joint
venture opportunities. The Strategic Committee directed management and Qatalyst Partners to continue discussions with TDK
Corporation, to push for a price in excess of $13.00, and to proceed with further discussions with Company O. The Strategic
Committee directed Qatalyst Partners and management to explore Company O’s financial resources and any regulatory or other
impediments to completing a transaction. The Strategic Committee also directed management on the negotiation of the major open
issues in the Merger Agreement.

On December 15, 2016, a representative of Company O sent representatives of Qatalyst Partners a non-binding, written indication
of interest to acquire for cash all of the outstanding common stock of InvenSense at a price of $15.00 per share. Representatives of
Qatalyst Partners asked the representative of Company O for additional information to evaluate the proposal, including whether
Company O had sufficient financing resources to fund the transaction, the identity of Company O’s financing sources and whether
Company O or its investors had any ties to the Chinese government or to Chinese entities that could make it unlikely to gain CFIUS
approval. Representatives of Company O provided responses and requested access to the data room since Company O had only
conducted preliminary due diligence at this stage.

On that same day, representatives of TDK Corporation, BofAML and Jones Day met with InvenSense’s senior management,
representatives of Qatalyst Partners and representatives of Pillsbury at Pillsbury’s offices in Palo Alto, California. Prior to the meeting,
Mr. Abdi and representatives of Qatalyst Partners met with representatives of TDK Corporation and BofAML to disclose that
InvenSense had received a proposal in excess of TDK Corporation’s proposed offer price of $13.00 per share. Mr. Abdi again requested
that TDK Corporation increase its offer.
 

50



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 58/199

Table of Contents

During the larger group meeting the parties discussed the terms of the proposed transaction and the draft Merger Agreement.

Later that day representatives of TDK Corporation informed Mr. Abdi that $13.00 per share was TDK Corporation’s best and
final offer and that the offer would expire on December 21, 2016. Mr. Abdi stated that he would present this final offer to the Board of
Directors and that he was also obligated to present the competing offer to the Board of Directors. After the meeting, Pillsbury delivered
a further revised draft of the Merger Agreement to Jones Day.

On December 16, 2016, the Board of Directors held a telephonic meeting to discuss InvenSense’s ongoing negotiations with TDK
Corporation and Company O’s proposal. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners and Pillsbury also attended the meeting. A representative
of Qatalyst Partners updated the Board of Directors on the acquisition proposal from Company O. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners
and the Board of Directors discussed Company O’s ability to finance and complete an acquisition of InvenSense, including Company
O’s ability to organize a financing syndicate as it did not have the funding at that time, potential obstacles to regulatory approvals as a
Chinese entity and Company O’s prior history of completing similar transactions. The Board of Directors then discussed the possible
strategic reasons for an acquisition of InvenSense by Company O. A representative of Pillsbury led a discussion of the potential
regulatory issues that could arise in a transaction with Company O. The representative of Pillsbury discussed a recent report of the
U.S.-China Economic and Security Review Commission to the United States Congress that expressed concerns regarding acquisitions
by Chinese companies, particularly by Chinese acquirors affiliated with Chinese state owned entities and banks, and recommended
more stringent requirements for acquisitions by Chinese entities. The representative of Pillsbury and the Board of Directors also
discussed recent transactions by Chinese companies that had not received CFIUS clearance or were otherwise abandoned due to the
failure to obtain CFIUS clearance. The Board of Directors considered the potential risks to closing a transaction with Company O,
including the risks associated with obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals and Company O’s ability to finance a transaction as
compared to the risks associated with closing a transaction with TDK Corporation, particularly given TDK Corporation’s ability to
fund the transaction with cash on hand and TDK Corporation having received regulatory approvals in a recent transaction with a U.S.
company. The Board of Directors raised several more questions about Company O, including questions about Company O’s inability to
close previous transactions. The Board of Directors directed management to continue having discussions with Company O’s
representatives and to provide Company O with access to InvenSense’s data room, which was subsequently provided. The Board of
Directors also directed representatives of Qatalyst Partners to obtain more information from Company O on its ability to finance and
consummate a transaction with InvenSense. Mr. Abdi then updated the Board of Directors on his conversations with TDK Corporation
regarding pricing of the proposed transaction. A representative of Pillsbury then updated the Board of Directors on negotiations of, and
the remaining open issues in, the Merger Agreement. The Board of Directors then discussed certain employee retention agreements that
TDK Corporation was requiring certain executives to execute and deliver as part of the proposed transaction. In a closed session, a
representative of Pillsbury and the Board of Directors engaged in a general discussion of the Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties in
connection with a potential strategic transaction. The Board of Directors directed management to continue discussions with TDK
Corporation, including negotiating for a higher price.

On that same day, representatives of Qatalyst Partners telephoned representatives of Company O and advised them that
InvenSense was not in a position to slow the negotiations with other interested parties due to the high degree of uncertainty about
Company O’s ability to consummate a potential transaction, including its ability to raise the necessary financing and to receive the
required regulatory approvals, and the considerable amount of time it would take Company O to conduct due diligence and negotiate a
definitive agreement. On that same day representatives of Qatalyst Partners provided representatives of Company O access to
InvenSense’s data room.

On December 19, 2016, representatives of Company O, Company O’s outside legal counsel and financial advisors and
representatives of InvenSense, including Messrs. Abdi, Dentinger and Panush, representatives of Qatalyst Partners and representatives
of Pillsbury held a meeting at Pillsbury’s offices in Palo Alto, California.
 

51



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 59/199

Table of Contents

During the meeting, representatives of InvenSense gave a detailed presentation on InvenSenes’s business and long-range plan, and
responded to extensive questions. At the conclusion of the meeting, Company O was informed that the Board of Directors had a
meeting the following day to consider another proposal. Company O asked for 24 hours to make a decision and they were told that the
Board of Directors must receive a final proposal before the meeting the next day. Company O’s advisors requested additional
information so that they could make a decision on whether to make a final offer, which representatives of Qatalyst Partners provided
later that evening with a copy of the initial draft of the Merger Agreement provided to TDK Corporation and Company A to revise as
part of their proposals.

On that same day, InvenSense’s Compensation Committee held a telephonic meeting to discuss employee and executive retention
matters in connection with the potential transaction with TDK Corporation. Certain members of management, representatives of
Pillsbury and a representative of Compensia, compensation consultants to InvenSense, were also in attendance. Mr. Abdi provided the
Compensation Committee with an update on negotiations with TDK Corporation regarding retention arrangements for continuing
employees other than him. After InvenSense’s executives left the meeting, the Committee reviewed TDK Corporation’s proposed
retention arrangements for InvenSense’s executives and key employees. Mr. Shah stated that he would meet with representatives of
TDK Corporation to discuss the terms of TDK Corporation’s proposed retention agreement for Mr. Abdi.

On December 20, 2016, the Board of Directors held a telephonic meeting to review the final terms of the Merger Agreement and
to consider approving the Merger. Also in attendance were representatives of Pillsbury and representatives of Qatalyst Partners.
Representatives of Qatalyst Partners updated the Board of Directors on their recent discussions with Company O since the last meeting,
including the likely timing necessary for Company O to conduct sufficient diligence to deliver a formal written offer to acquire
InvenSense and the additional time that would likely be required to negotiate a definitive agreement while Company O conducted
diligence and arranged financing. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners informed the Board of Directors that Company O was not
prepared to make an offer at this time. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners and management updated the Board of Directors on
negotiations with TDK Corporation and the fact TDK Corporation was unwilling to increase its offer. The Board of Directors discussed
the likelihood of receiving a formal written offer from Company O and the risks of closing a transaction with Company O, including
risks associated with obtaining the necessary regulatory approvals, particularly CFIUS clearance in light of the fact that Company O is
a Chinese company and could potentially seek financing from Chinese state owned entities or parties who are otherwise affiliated with
the Chinese government. The Board of Directors also discussed the increased scrutiny of acquisitions by Chinese companies discussed
at its prior meeting, particularly for those companies that are affiliated with Chinese state owned entities or financed by state owned
banks. The Board of Directors then discussed recent transactions by Chinese companies that had not received CFIUS clearance or were
otherwise abandoned due to the failure to obtain CFIUS clearance. The Board of Directors also discussed the fact that Company O did
not appear to have the ability to consummate a potential acquisition of InvenSense because Company O had insufficient cash and
significant debt, which would likely impair its ability to incur sufficient incremental debt to finance the transaction. The Board of
Directors also noted that Company O did not have financing commitment letters in place for a potential acquisition of InvenSense. In
addition, the Board of Directors discussed the fact that representatives of Company O had indicated that, in addition to debt financing,
Company O would need to obtain additional funds through an equity financing from unconfirmed and uncommitted sources, which
raised questions regarding both Company O’s ability to raise the necessary funds to complete a potential acquisition and whether such
sources of financing would have any ties to the Chinese government or other parties that could impact the ability to obtain CFIUS
clearance. The Board of Directors weighed these risks against the relative risks of closing a transaction with TDK Corporation,
particularly given that TDK Corporation had completed diligence, a definitive agreement had already been negotiated with TDK
Corporation, its ability to fund the transaction with cash on hand and its history of obtaining regulatory approvals, including CFIUS
clearance, in recent transactions with U.S. companies. A representative of Qatalyst Partners provided a summary of the process to
evaluate a potential sale of InvenSense as well as the discussions with various potential interested parties, including the market check
completed by InvenSense and Qatalyst
 

52



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 60/199

Table of Contents

Partners, and recent price negotiations with TDK Corporation. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners stated that they had approached 28
companies regarding a potential sale of InvenSense. The Board of Directors discussed if there were any other potential interested
parties that InvenSense should contact in addition to the 33 parties already contacted by InvenSense and representatives of Qatalyst
Partners. The Board of Directors determined that it would be highly unlikely for another interested party to emerge given InvenSense
had not received other indications of interest that would lead to a similar offer despite the broad review process conducted by Qatalyst
Partners and management. A representative of Qatalyst Partners then reviewed with the Board of Directors Qatalyst Partners’ financial
analysis of the $13.00 per share cash consideration to be offered to InvenSense’s stockholders in the proposed merger, responded to
questions from members of the Board of Directors regarding its financial analysis, and delivered Qatalyst Partners’ oral opinion to the
Board of Directors, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, that as of December 20, 2016 (Pacific Standard Time),
and based upon and subject to the various assumptions, considerations, limitations and other matters set forth therein, the $13.00 in
cash per share merger consideration to be received by the holders of InvenSense’s common stock, other than TDK Corporation or any
affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. A
representative of Pillsbury reviewed with the Board of Directors the key terms of the Merger Agreement, which had been sent to the
Board of Directors in advance of the meeting. Pillsbury then reviewed and discussed with the Board of Directors the proposed
resolutions approving the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger. In a closed session, a
representative of Pillsbury then reviewed the Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties in the context of a sale transaction. After further
discussion, for the reasons more fully described in the section titled “The Merger—Reasons for the Merger” elsewhere in this proxy
statement, the Board of Directors unanimously determined that (i) the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, including the Merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, are fair to and in the best interests
of InvenSense and its stockholders (including the unaffiliated stockholders), (ii) approved and declared advisable the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and (iii) resolved to recommend the approval and adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the Merger by the stockholders of InvenSense.

Following the Board of Directors meeting, Mr. Abdi informed a representative of TDK Corporation that the Board of Directors
had unanimously approved the Merger and that the parties should seek to resolve the remaining issues around employee retention.
TDK Corporation’s representative stated that he would work with TDK Corporation’s board of directors to ensure that the Merger
Agreement would be signed that evening. Later that evening, a representative of TDK Corporation called Mr. Abdi to inform him that
TDK Corporation’s board of directors had unanimously approved the Merger.

Later that same day, the Compensation Committee held a telephonic meeting to discuss the retention agreements TDK
Corporation had proposed for InvenSense’s executives. A representative of Pillsbury and a representative of Compensia were also in
attendance. The Compensation Committee directed Mr. Abdi to negotiate the final retention packages and agreements for InvenSense’s
executives, other than himself and Mr. Dentinger. After Mr. Abdi left the meeting, the Compensation Committee discussed TDK
Corporation’s proposed retention package for Mr. Abdi, during which the representative of Compensia noted that it was a conservative,
reasonable and market retention offer. The Compensation Committee then directed Mr. Shah to finalize with TDK Corporation the
retention agreements for Mr. Abdi and Mr. Dentinger.

Later that same day InvenSense’s executives were presented with drafts of their retention agreements, which were negotiated
separately by their own legal counsel and finalized once the terms of the Merger had been agreed upon by the parties.

On December 21, 2016, the parties executed the Merger Agreement and certain members of InvenSense’s management, including
Mr. Abdi, entered into retention agreements. For more information see “The Merger — Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
the Merger May Differ From Your Interests.” InvenSense’s officers and directors, both in their individual capacities and on behalf of
their funds, executed Voting Agreements.
 

53



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 61/199

Table of Contents

On that same day, InvenSense and TDK Corporation issued a joint press release to announce the signing of the Merger
Agreement.

Reasons for the Merger

At its meeting on December 20, 2016, held to evaluate the proposed Merger, our Board of Directors unanimously approved the
Merger Agreement and determined that the Merger and Merger Agreement, and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, are fair to and in the best interests of InvenSense and its stockholders and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby. Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders vote:
 

 1. “FOR” the Merger Proposal;
 

 2. “FOR” the Merger-related Compensation Proposal; and
 

 3. “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

Our Board of Directors considered many factors in determining that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best interests of
InvenSense and its stockholders and unanimously recommend the approval of the Merger Proposal by our stockholders. In arriving at
its determination, our Board of Directors consulted with senior management, Qatalyst Partners and Pillsbury, and reviewed and
considered information and factors relevant to its strategic evaluation.

In furtherance thereof, our Board of Directors reviewed and considered, among other things, the following factors (not in any
relative order of importance):
 

 

•  InvenSense’s business, assets, financial condition, results of operations, management, competitive position and prospects as
a standalone entity, and the rapid and ongoing consolidation of companies within the semiconductor industry, which our
Board of Directors believes will continue at the current accelerated pace. Our Board of Directors also considered
InvenSense’s current business plan and the initiatives and the potential execution risks associated with such plan.

 

 

•  The fact that the $13.00 price per share to be received in the Merger by InvenSense’s stockholders and the historical market
prices, trading volume, volatility and other trading information with respect to InvenSense’s common stock, and that the
price to be paid for each share represents a significant premium over the market prices at which InvenSense’s common stock
had previously traded during this period, including a premium of approximately:

 

 

•  (i) an 89% premium to the closing price of $6.87 per share on October 27, 2016 (the last trading day prior to a report
that InvenSense had initiated a process and had engaged a financial advisor was published in the media), (ii) a 76%
premium to the average closing price for the 30 days prior to and including October 27, 2016, and (iii) a 136% and
3% premium to the low and high closing prices, respectively, over the 12 month period ended October 27, 2016;

 

 

•  (i) a 57% premium to the closing price of $8.27 per share on December 8, 2016, (the last trading day prior to reports
in the media that InvenSense would be acquired by TDK Corporation at a price per share of $12.00), (ii) a 69%
premium to the average closing price for the 30 days prior to and including December 8, 2016, and (iii) a 136% and
13% premium to the low and high closing prices, respectively, over the 12 month period ended December 8, 2016;
and

 

 
•  (i) a 20% premium to the closing price of $10.84 per share on December 20, 2016, (ii) a 51% premium to the average

closing price for the 30 days prior to and including December 20, 2016, and (iii) a 136% and 17% premium to the low
and high closing prices, respectively, over the 12 month period ended December 20, 2016.

 

 
•  The fact that the proposed consideration consists solely of cash, which provides immediate liquidity and certainty of value to

our stockholders compared to a transaction in which stockholders would
 

54



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 62/199

Table of Contents

 receive shares of an acquiror’s stock, while eliminating the effect of long-term business and execution risk.
 

 

•  Our Board of Directors’ belief that the extensive process conducted by InvenSense and its advisors resulted in the highest
price reasonably available to InvenSense’s stockholders, and the risk that prolonging the strategic review process further
could have resulted in the loss of a favorable opportunity to successfully consummate the transaction with TDK Corporation
and would be unlikely to yield a proposal that would be a material improvement to TDK Corporation’s proposal.

 

 

•  The potential alternatives to the acquisition of InvenSense by TDK Corporation (including the possibility of being acquired
in whole or in part by another buyer, or continuing to operate as an independent entity, and the desirability and perceived
risks of those alternatives), the potential risks and benefits to InvenSense’s stockholders of these alternatives and the timing
and the likelihood of completing such alternatives, as well as the likelihood that such alternatives could result in greater
value for InvenSense’s stockholders, taking into account risks of execution as well as business, competitive, industry and
market risks.

 

 

•  The results of the process conducted by our Board of Directors prior to approval of the Merger Agreement, with the
assistance of InvenSense’s management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners, to evaluate strategic alternatives, including
the results of discussions with a total of 33 third parties regarding their interest in a potential business combination with
InvenSense. In addition, our Board of Directors considered it unlikely that other bidders would make a superior proposal to
acquire InvenSense, given that third parties contacted by representatives of Qatalyst Partners had not expressed interest or
did not appear likely to express interest to acquire InvenSense at a price higher than the price and on similar terms.

 

 
•  The fact that the Merger Agreement provides flexibility for our Board of Directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to

terminate the Merger Agreement if a Superior Proposal is received by InvenSense after execution of the Merger Agreement.
 

 

•  The significant advantages of entering into the Merger Agreement and consummating the Merger in comparison to the risks
associated with remaining independent as a standalone company and pursuing InvenSense’s strategic plan, including (i) the
relatively small size and scale of InvenSense’s operations, which have challenged the growth of its business, competitive
positioning as a standalone entity and its prospects for future growth; (ii) the decline of the high-end smartphone market;
(iii) the increase in our customer concentration; (iv) the cyclical nature and intensely competitive nature of the
semiconductor industry; (v) the current semiconductor industry trend toward consolidation, which has resulted in larger
competitors who have greater access to capital and a more diversified base of customers than InvenSense; (vi) the risk of
delay or interruption in anticipated revenue from new customers, which could be affected by multiple factors, such as
general market timing, technological risks, and other factors not directly controlled by InvenSense; (vii) the need to develop
new products to remain competitive and relevant to existing and prospective customers, the substantial required investment
and long lead times associated with the development of new products, challenges of diversification beyond the mobile
segment and the time to market challenges for new technologies; (viii) the fragmented sensor technology market; and
(ix) the risk factors set forth in InvenSense’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended April 3, 2016.

 

 

•  After consultation with Pillsbury and Qatalyst Partners, our Board of Directors’ belief that the Merger will be consummated,
based on, among other things: (i) the closing conditions to the Merger, including the fact that the obligations of TDK
Corporation are not subject to a financing condition, (ii) TDK Corporation having sufficient cash on hand to pay the
proposed merger consideration of $13.00 in cash per share of InvenSense common stock without having to obtain additional
financing, and (iii) the commitment made by TDK Corporation to InvenSense to use reasonable best efforts to obtain
regulatory clearances required to complete the Merger, including approvals under the HSR Act, required foreign antitrust
approvals and CFIUS clearance, as discussed further in the section captioned “The Merger Agreement—Governmental and
Regulatory Approvals” elsewhere in this proxy statement.

 
55



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 63/199

Table of Contents

 
•  Our Board of Directors’ belief that the Merger will be approved by the requisite regulatory authorities without the imposition

of conditions that would materially delay or otherwise result in the termination of the Merger Agreement.
 

 

•  Our Board of Directors’ belief that as a result of the arm’s-length negotiations with TDK Corporation, InvenSense and its
representatives had negotiated the highest price per share that TDK Corporation was willing to pay for InvenSense and that
the terms of the Merger Agreement include the most favorable terms to InvenSense in the aggregate to which TDK
Corporation was willing to agree.

 

 

•  The benefits that InvenSense and its advisors were able to obtain during its extensive negotiations with TDK Corporation,
including multiple increases in TDK Corporation’s offer price per share from the beginning of the process to the end of the
negotiations and a significant improvement in transaction certainty. Our Board of Directors believed that the consideration
reflected in the Merger Agreement was the best transaction that could be obtained by InvenSense from TDK Corporation at
the time, and that there was no assurance that a more favorable alternative transaction would arise later at levels equal to or
greater than the value of the merger consideration in the near term, over an extended period of time or at all.

 

 •  The terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including, among other things:
 

 

•  InvenSense’s ability, subject to certain conditions, to provide information to and to engage in discussions or
negotiations with a third party that makes an unsolicited Acquisition Proposal, and our Board of Directors’ belief that
potentially interested parties would have sufficient opportunity to do so following the announcement of the execution
of the Merger Agreement, on December 21, 2016 and before the special meeting;

 

 
•  our Board of Directors’ ability, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties, to terminate the Merger Agreement (upon

payment of a termination fee) to enter into an acquisition agreement in connection with a Superior Proposal;
 

 
•  our Board of Directors’ belief that the terms of the Merger Agreement, including the termination fee payable to TDK

Corporation upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, are reasonable, customary and
not likely to significantly deter another party from making a Superior Proposal;

 

 

•  the requirement that TDK Corporation pay a reverse termination fee to InvenSense in the event that the Merger
Agreement is terminated due to certain regulatory approvals not being obtained under certain specified circumstances,
as described further in the section captioned “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” elsewhere in this proxy
statement; and

 

 •  the fact that consummation of the Merger is not subject to a financing condition.
 

 
•  Our ability to terminate the Merger Agreement without paying fees or expenses to TDK Corporation if our stockholders do

not adopt the Merger Agreement.
 

 
•  The availability of statutory appraisal rights under the Delaware General Corporation Law in connection with the Merger for

stockholders who comply with the statutory requirements of the Delaware General Corporation Law and who believe that
exercising their appraisal rights would yield a greater per share amount than what they would receive in the Merger.

 

 

•  The fact that in connection with the Merger, Qatalyst Partners rendered to our Board of Directors its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of December 20, 2016 (Pacific Standard Time), and based upon and subject to the
various assumptions, considerations, limitations and other matters set forth in the opinion, the $13.00 in cash per share
merger consideration to be received by the holders of InvenSense common stock, other than TDK Corporation or any
affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as
more fully described below in the section captioned “The Merger—Opinion of InvenSense’s Financial Advisor”

 
56



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 64/199

Table of Contents

 
below and which written opinion is attached in its entirety as Appendix B hereto. The summary of the opinion of Qatalyst
Partners herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. We encourage you to read Qatalyst
Partners’ opinion and the summary of Qatalyst Partners’ opinion below carefully and in their entirety.

 

 •  Our Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties in light of the foregoing.

Our Board of Directors weighed these factors against other uncertainties, risks and potentially negative factors relevant to the
Merger, including the following (not in any relative order of importance):
 

 

•  The fact that InvenSense will no longer exist as an independent company and, accordingly, InvenSense stockholders will not
participate in any future earnings or growth of InvenSense and will not benefit from any appreciation in the value of
InvenSense after completion of the Merger, including any appreciation in value that could be realized as a result of the
combination of InvenSense with TDK Corporation.

 

 
•  The possibility that the Merger might not be completed and the effect of the termination of the Merger Agreement on the

trading price of InvenSense common stock and InvenSense’s business and operating results, particularly in light of the costs
incurred in connection with the transaction.

 

 
•  The risks and costs to InvenSense if the Merger fails to close, including diversion of management and employee attention,

the potential inability to attract and retain key personnel and the potential adverse effect on business and relationships with
customers and suppliers.

 

 •  The risk that regulatory approvals required to complete the Merger may be delayed, conditioned or denied.
 

 
•  The gains from the consideration received by InvenSense’s stockholders in connection with the Merger will be taxable to

InvenSense’s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 

 
•  The provisions in the Merger Agreement relating to the potential payment by InvenSense of a termination fee of $46.7

million under certain circumstances specified in the Merger Agreement, may discourage other parties potentially interested
in an acquisition of, or combination with, InvenSense from pursuing the opportunity.

 

 
•  The possibility that the executive officers and directors of InvenSense could have interests in the Merger that would be

different from, or in addition to, those of our stockholders as discussed further in the section captioned “The Merger—
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests.”

Our Board of Directors concluded that the uncertainties, risks and potentially negative factors relevant to the Merger were
significantly outweighed by the potential benefits that our Board of Directors expects for InvenSense and its stockholders as a result of
the Merger.

The foregoing discussion of our Board of Directors’ reasons for its recommendation that InvenSense’s stockholders vote in favor
of the Merger is not meant to be exhaustive, but InvenSense believes it addresses the material information and factors considered by
our Board of Directors in consideration of its recommendation. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by our Board of
Directors in connection with the evaluation of the Merger and the complexity of these matters, our Board of Directors did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to any of the specific factors considered in reaching its
determination and recommendation. Rather, our Board of Directors made its determinations and recommendations based on an overall
analysis and the totality of the information reviewed. In addition, in considering the factors described above, individual members of our
Board of Directors may have been influenced to a greater or lesser degree by different factors.
 

57



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 65/199

Table of Contents

The explanation of our Board of Directors’ reasons for the proposed transactions and all other information in this section may be
forward-looking in nature and therefore should be read in light of the factors discussed in the section captioned “Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” elsewhere in this proxy statement.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors

After careful consideration, our Board of Directors believes that the terms of the Merger are fair to and in the best interest of
InvenSense and our stockholders, and has unanimously approved the terms of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby.

Our Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote:
 

 •  “FOR” the Merger Proposal;
 

 •  “FOR” the Merger-related Compensation Proposal; and
 

 •  “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

Certain Prospective Financial Information

Although InvenSense has publicly issued limited short-term guidance concerning certain aspects of its expected financial
performance, it does not, as a matter of course, make public disclosure of detailed forecasts or projections of its expected financial
performance for extended periods due to, among other things, the inherent difficulty of accurately predicting future periods; and the
likelihood that the underlying assumptions and estimates may prove incorrect.

For strategic planning purposes and in connection with a potential sale transaction, in November 2016, our management prepared
financial projections for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and for fiscal years 2018 through 2022 (the “November Projections”). The
November Projections were furnished to Qatalyst Partners for use in their financial analyses. Before entering into the Merger
Agreement, representatives of TDK Corporation conducted a due diligence review of the Company, and in connection with their
review, TDK Corporation received certain non-public information concerning us, including a subset of the November Projections.

In December 2016, our management updated the unlevered free cash flow projections included in the November Projections in
light of the six-month capital expenditure forecast that had been prepared by management (the “December Projections”). Our Board of
Directors and management instructed Qatalyst Partners to rely on the December Projections as the basis for its analyses in rendering its
opinion described in more detail below in “Opinion of InvenSense’s Financial Advisor.” TDK Corporation was provided with a copy of
the updated capital expenditure forecast for the remainder of fiscal year 2017 and for fiscal year 2018, from which they could derive
the unlevered free cash flow projections included in the December Projections below.

We have included in this proxy statement a summary of the December Projections to give our stockholders access to certain
nonpublic information that was available to our Board of Directors at the time of the evaluation of the Merger and the Merger
Agreement, as well as to Qatalyst Partners in connection with the rendering of its opinion described below. The summary of the
December Projections is not being included in this proxy statement to influence any stockholder to vote in favor of adopting the
Merger Agreement. The information from the December Projections should be evaluated, if at all, in conjunction with the historical
financial statements and other information contained in our filings with the SEC. In light of the foregoing factors and the uncertainties
inherent in these projections, stockholders are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the summary of the December Projections
included in this proxy statement, including in making a decision as to whether to vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement. The
subset of the November Projections provided to TDK Corporation is reflected in the December Projections and set forth in the table
below.
 

58



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 66/199

Table of Contents

The December Projections were developed from historical financial statements and a series of assumptions and estimates of our
management. The December Projections were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or compliance with published
guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and
presentation of prospective financial information or U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP. Our independent
registered public accounting firm has not examined, compiled, audited or performed any procedures with respect to the December
Projections nor has it expressed any opinion or given any form of assurance with respect to such information or their reasonableness,
achievability or accuracy, and accordingly, such independent registered public accounting firm assumes no responsibility for them.

Although presented with numerical specificity, the December Projections were developed by our management on the basis of
general business, economic and market conditions as well as factors and consideration specific to our business, all of which involve a
high degree of uncertainty and are difficult to predict, and many of which are beyond our control. These variables, estimates and
assumptions are inherently uncertain, susceptible to multiple interpretations and may prove to have been inaccurate, or may no longer
be accurate. Our future financial results may materially differ from those expressed in the December Projections summarized below
due to factors that are beyond management’s ability to control or predict. We cannot guarantee that any of the projections will be
realized or that our future financial results will not materially vary from the December Projections. The December Projections have not
been updated since they were prepared, and do not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date they were
prepared, including the entry into the Merger Agreement, the possible financial impact and other effects of the Merger on us or
subsequent integration planning activities. The December Projections do not take into account and do not attempt to predict or suggest
future results of the combined company. In addition, the December Projections do not take into account the effect of any failure of the
Merger to occur and should not be viewed as accurate or continuing in that context. The summary of the December Projections
included below should not be construed as public guidance and will not be provided in the ordinary course of our business in the
future. For the foregoing and other reasons, stockholders and readers of this proxy statement are cautioned that the summary of the
December Projections included in this proxy statement should not be regarded as a representation or guarantee that the targets will be
achieved or have been achieved and that they should not rely on the summary of the December Projections.

The projections and estimates included in this proxy statement are forward-looking statements and are qualified in their entirety
by risks and uncertainties that could result in the projections not being achieved, including, but not limited to, demand for our products,
our reliance on significant customers, our ability to timely develop new products, conditions in the markets for our products, factors
affecting the semiconductor industry and, in particular, the sensor market, general business and economic conditions, the effects of
competition and consolidation in the industry, and other risks and uncertainties contained in our filings with the SEC, including our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 2016. Neither InvenSense nor TDK Corporation, or any of their
respective affiliates, advisors, officers, directors or representatives, has made or makes any representation to any stockholder or other
person regarding our ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the projections or that the projections will be
achieved. Neither we nor any of our representatives have made or makes any representation to TDK Corporation, in the Merger
Agreement or otherwise, concerning the projections. Any provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that may
be referenced in this proxy statement or in our other periodic reports are not applicable to any forward looking statements made in
connection with the Merger, including the projections. Please refer to the section of this proxy statement captioned “Cautionary
Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

Note Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Company uses non-GAAP measures in its financial and operational decision-making processes. The Company believes that
these non-GAAP measures offer an important analytical tool to help investors understand the Company’s core operating results and
trends and facilitate comparability with the operating results of other companies that provide similar non-GAAP measures. These
non-GAAP measures have certain limitations as
 

59



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 67/199

Table of Contents

analytical tools and are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for GAAP financial information. For example, stock-
based compensation is an important component of the Company’s compensation mix and will continue to result in significant expenses
in the Company’s GAAP results for the foreseeable future, but it is not reflected in the Company’s non-GAAP measures. Also, other
companies, including other companies in the Company’s industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently, limiting
their usefulness as comparative measures.

A summary of the information that was included in the December Projections is set forth below:

Unaudited Financial Projections of InvenSense
 
(in millions rounded to the nearest whole dollar, except for per share
amounts)

  Q4
FY2017E* 

 Fiscal Year*  
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  

Revenue   $ 70  $ 394   $ 629   $ 818   $1,011   $1,174 
Non-GAAP gross profit(1)    32   177    289    399    527    612 
Non-GAAP operating income (loss)(2)    (2)   37    75    133    214    248 
Non-GAAP net income (loss)(3)    (2)   30    63    114    184    214 
Non-GAAP net income (loss) per share of common stock, diluted   $ (0.02)  $0.31   $0.64   $1.14   $ 1.84   $ 2.14 
Net operating profit after taxes(4)    (2)   32    66    116    186    216 
Unlevered free cash flow(5)    (9)   2    21    92    173    183 
 
* Fiscal year is a 52 or 53 week period ending on the Sunday closest to March 31.
 

   Calendar Year**  
(in millions rounded to the nearest whole dollar, except per share amounts)   2017E    2018E  
Revenue   $ 366   $ 571 
Non-GAAP gross profit(1)    165    261 
Non-GAAP operating income(2)    26    66 
Non-GAAP net income    20    55 
Non-GAAP net income per share of common stock, diluted   $ 0.21   $ 0.56 
Net operating profit after taxes(4)    22    57 

 
** Calendar year ended December 31, calculated by management based on information in the unaudited fiscal year projections

above.
(1) Non-GAAP gross profit excludes potential reduced manufacturing costs to be received in consideration for an advanced payment

expected to be made to foundry partners in fiscal year 2018, as the amounts, timing and terms relating to this arrangement are
currently being negotiated.

(2) Non-GAAP operating income is non-GAAP gross profit less non-GAAP operating expenses.
(3) Non-GAAP net income (loss) excludes stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, accreting interest expense on

convertible senior notes, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, business acquisition costs, litigation-related
expenses and the income tax effect of pretax non-GAAP adjustments and other discrete tax items.

(4) Net operating profit after taxes is a non-GAAP financial measure and is calculated by starting with non-GAAP operating income
(as shown in the table above) and subtracting estimated taxes. The Company estimated an effective tax rate of 13% for the
projection period.

(5) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP operating income (as shown in
the table above) and subtracting estimated cash taxes payable, capital expenditures and investment in net working capital, and
then adding back depreciation and amortization expenses. Capital expenditures forecast excludes a potential advanced payment
expected to be made to foundry partners in fiscal year 2018 that would generate potential reduced manufacturing costs in
subsequent years within the projection period, as the amounts, timing, and terms relating to this arrangement are currently being
negotiated.

 
60



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 68/199

Table of Contents

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures to GAAP Financial Measures

Set forth below is a summary of reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial information provided in the December Projections to
the most comparable GAAP financial measures based on financial information available to or projected by us. Totals in the non-GAAP
reconciliation may not add due to rounding.
 
(in millions rounded to the nearest whole dollar, except for per share
amounts)

  Q4
FY2017E* 

 Fiscal Year*  
   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  

Non-GAAP Gross Profit        
GAAP gross profit   $ 29  $ 163  $ 274  $ 388  $ 520  $ 606 

Stock-based compensation    1   2   2   3   3   4 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    3   12   12   8   3   3 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Non-GAAP gross profit   $ 32  $ 177  $ 289  $ 399  $ 527  $ 612 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Non-GAAP Operating Income (Loss)        
GAAP operating income (loss)   $ (15)  $ (8)  $ 28  $ 86  $ 166  $ 193 

Stock-based compensation    10   33   35   39   45   52 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    3   12   12   8   3   3 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Non-GAAP operating income (loss)   $ (2)  $ 37  $ 75  $ 133  $ 214  $ 248 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss)        
GAAP net income (loss)   $ (15)  $ (17)  $ 18  $ 73  $ 142  $ 166 

Stock-based compensation    10   33   35   39   45   52 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    3   12   12   8   3   3 
Accretion interest expense on convertible senior notes    2.2   9.3   5.8   0   0   0 
Tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments    (2)   (7)   (7)   (6)   (7)   (7) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Non-GAAP net income (loss)   $ (2)  $ 30  $ 63  $ 114  $ 184  $ 214 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Weighted shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share    94   97   99   100   100   100 
Non-GAAP earnings (loss) per share   $ (0.02)  $ 0.31  $0.64  $1.14  $1.84  $2.14 
GAAP earnings (loss) per share   $ (0.16)  $(0.17)  $0.18  $0.73  $1.42  $1.66 
 
* Fiscal year is a 52 or 53 week period ending on the Sunday closest to March 31.
 

61



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 69/199

Table of Contents

   Calendar Year**  
   2017E    2018E  
Non-GAAP Gross Profit     
GAAP Gross Profit   $ 150   $ 246 

Stock-based compensation    2    2 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    12    12 

    
 

    
 

Non-GAAP gross profit   $ 165   $ 261 
    

 

    

 

Non-GAAP Operating Income (Loss)     
GAAP Operating Income   $ (20)   $ (20) 

Stock-based compensation    35    34 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    12    12 

    
 

    
 

Non-GAAP operating income   $ 26   $ 66 
    

 

    

 

Non-GAAP Net Income (Loss)     
GAAP Net Income (Loss)   $ (27)   $ 8 

Stock-based compensation    35    34 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    12    12 
Accretion interest expense on convertible senior notes    9    8 
Tax impact of non-GAAP adjustments    (8)    (8) 

    
 

    
 

Non-GAAP net income   $ 20   $ 55 
    

 

    

 

Weighted shares used to calculate diluted earnings per share    96    98 
Non-GAAP earnings per share   $ 0.21   $0.58 
GAAP earnings (loss) per share   $(0.29)   $0.09 

 
** Calendar year ended December 31, calculated by management based on information in the unaudited fiscal year projections

above.

 
(in millions rounded to the nearest whole dollar, except per share amounts)

 Q4
FY2017E* 

 Fiscal Year*  
  2018E  2019E  2020E  2021E  2022E 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow       
GAAP Operating Income (Loss)  $ (15)  $ (8)  $ 28  $ 86  $ 166  $ 193 

Add:       
Stock-based compensation   10   33   35   39   45   52 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets   3   12   12   8   3   3 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Non-GAAP operating income (loss)   (2)   37   75   133   214   248 
Less:       
Cash taxes paid   0   3   3   4   5   31 
Plus:       
Depreciation   3   14   19   25   30   35 
Less:       
Capital expenditures   3   14   19   25   30   35 
Change in net working capital   7   32   51   37   36   34 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow  $ (9)  $ 2  $ 21  $ 92  $ 173  $ 183 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
* Fiscal year is a 52 or 53 week period ending on the Sunday closest to March 31.
 

62



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 70/199

Table of Contents

(in millions rounded to the nearest whole dollar, except per share amounts)
  Calendar Year**  
  2017E*   2018E 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow     
GAAP Operating Income (Loss)   $ (20)   $ 20 

Add:     
Stock-based compensation    35    34 
Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets    12    12 

    
 

    
 

Non-GAAP operating income    26    66 
Less:     
Cash taxes paid    2    3 
Plus:     
Depreciation    14    18 
Less:     
Capital expenditures    14    18 
Change in net working capital    31    47 

    
 

    
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (7)   $ 16 
    

 

    

 

 
** Calendar year ended December 31, calculated by management based on information in the unaudited fiscal year projections

above.

Opinion of InvenSense’s Financial Advisor

The Company retained Qatalyst Partners to act as financial advisor to our Board of Directors in connection with a potential
transaction such as the Merger and to evaluate whether the cash consideration to be received by the holders of shares of common stock
of the Company, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair, from a
financial point of view, to such holders. InvenSense selected Qatalyst Partners to act as its financial advisor based on Qatalyst Partners’
qualifications, expertise, reputation and knowledge of the business and affairs of the Company and the industry in which the Company
operates. Qatalyst Partners provided its written consent to the reproduction of its opinion in this proxy statement. At the meeting of our
Board of Directors on December 20, 2016 (Pacific Standard Time), Qatalyst Partners rendered its oral opinion, that, as of such date and
based upon and subject to the considerations, limitations and other matters set forth therein, consideration to be received by the
Company’s stockholders, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement was
fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders. Following the meeting, Qatalyst Partners delivered its written opinion, dated
December 20, 2016, to our Board of Directors.

The full text of Qatalyst Partners’ written opinion, dated December 20, 2016, is attached hereto as Appendix B and is
incorporated by reference herein. The opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations and qualifications of the review undertaken by Qatalyst Partners in rendering its opinion. You should read
the opinion carefully in its entirety. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion was provided to our Board of Directors and addresses only, as of the date
of the opinion, the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by the holders of InvenSense common
stock, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and it does not address any
other aspect of the Merger. It does not constitute a recommendation to any InvenSense stockholder as to how to vote with respect to the
Merger or any other matter and does not in any manner address the price at which InvenSense shares of common stock will trade at any
time. The summary of Qatalyst Partners’ opinion set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners reviewed the Merger Agreement dated December 21, 2016 (Japan Standard Time),
certain related documents and certain publicly available financial statements and other business and financial information of the
Company. Qatalyst Partners also reviewed certain forward-looking information relating to the Company prepared by the management
of the Company, including financial projections and operating data of InvenSense included in the December Projections. Additionally,
Qatalyst
 

63



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 71/199

Table of Contents

Partners discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of the Company with the Company’s senior
management. Qatalyst Partners also reviewed the historical market prices and trading activity for the Company’s common stock and
compared the Company’s financial performance and the prices and trading activity of the Company’s common stock with that of
certain other selected publicly traded companies and their securities. In addition, Qatalyst Partners reviewed the financial terms, to the
extent publicly available, of selected acquisition transactions and performed such other analyses, reviewed such other information and
considered such other factors as Qatalyst Partners deemed appropriate.

In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of the information that was publicly available or supplied or otherwise made available to, or discussed with, Qatalyst
Partners by the Company. With respect to the December Projections, Qatalyst Partners was advised by the management of InvenSense
and assumed that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of InvenSense of the future financial performance of InvenSense and other matters covered thereby. Qatalyst Partners
assumed that the Merger would be consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, without any
modification, waiver or delay. In addition, Qatalyst Partners assumed that in connection with the receipt of all the necessary approvals
of the proposed Merger, no delays, limitations, conditions or restrictions will be imposed that could have an adverse effect on the
Company or the contemplated benefits expected to be derived in the proposed Merger. Qatalyst Partners did not make any independent
evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company nor was Qatalyst Partners furnished with
any such evaluation or appraisal. In addition, Qatalyst Partners relied, without independent verification, upon the assessment of the
management of the Company as to the existing and future technology and products of the Company and the risks associated with such
technology and products. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion has been approved by Qatalyst Partners’ opinion committee in accordance with its
customary practice.

Qatalyst Partners’ opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the
information made available to it as of, the date of the opinion. Events occurring after the date of the opinion may affect Qatalyst
Partners’ opinion and the assumptions used in preparing it, and Qatalyst Partners did not assume any obligation to update, revise or
reaffirm its opinion. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion does not address the underlying business decision of the Company to engage in the
Merger, or the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that may be available to the Company. The
opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the cash consideration to be received by the Company’s
stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and Qatalyst Partners expressed no opinion with respect to the fairness of the amount
or nature of the compensation to any of the Company’s officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to such
merger consideration.

The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by Qatalyst Partners in connection with its opinion dated
December 20, 2016 (Pacific Standard Time). The analyses and factors described below must be considered as a whole; considering any
portion of such analyses or factors, without considering all analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the
process underlying Qatalyst Partners’ opinion. For purposes of its analyses, Qatalyst Partners utilized the December Projections
described above in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Certain Prospective Financial Information.” Some of the summaries
of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables are not intended to stand alone, and in order to
more fully understand the financial analyses used by Qatalyst Partners, the tables must be read together with the full text of each
summary. Considering the data set forth below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Qatalyst Partners’ financial
analyses.
 

64



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 72/199

Table of Contents

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Qatalyst Partners performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis, which is designed to imply a potential, present value of
share values for the common stock of InvenSense as of December 31, 2016 by:
 

•  adding:
 

 

a) the implied net present value of the estimated future unlevered free cash flows of the Company, based on the December
Projections, and excluding the impact of stock-based compensation expense, for Q4 of fiscal year 2017 through fiscal year
2021 (which implied present value was calculated by using a range of discount rates of 11.0% to 17.5%, based on an
estimated weighted average cost of capital for the Company);

 

 

b) the implied net present value of a corresponding terminal value of the Company, calculated by multiplying the Company’s
estimated net operating profit after tax (“NOPAT”) in fiscal year 2022, based on the December Projections, by a range of
multiples of fully-diluted enterprise value to next-twelve-months estimated NOPAT of 10.5x to 15.5x, and discounted to
present value using the same range of discount rates used in item (a) above;

 

•  subtracting estimated debt outstanding, net of the estimated cash balance, of the Company as of December 31, 2016, as provided
by the Company’s management;

 

•  applying a dilution factor of approximately 19%, as projected by the Company’s management, to reflect the dilution to current
Company stockholders over the projection period due to the effect of future issuances by the Company of equity awards; and

 

•  dividing the resulting amount by the number of fully-diluted shares of InvenSense common stock (calculated using the treasury
stock method) outstanding, taking into account the outstanding stock options and RSUs, as of December 15, 2016, as provided by
InvenSense’s management.

Based on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for the Company’s common stock of
approximately $11.61 to $19.63 per share.

Selected Companies Analysis

Qatalyst Partners compared selected financial information and public market multiples for the Company with publicly available
information and public market multiples for selected companies. The companies used in this comparison included those companies
listed below, which were selected by Qatalyst Partners, based on its professional judgment, from publicly traded companies in the
Company’s industry.

Based upon Wall Street analyst estimates for calendar year 2017 as of December 19, 2016 (the “Street Case”), and using the
closing prices as of December 19, 2016 for shares of the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners calculated, among other things, the
implied fully-diluted enterprise value (“EV”) divided by the estimated calendar year 2017 revenue (the “CY2017E Revenue
Multiples”), the EV divided by the estimated calendar year 2018 revenue (the “CY2018E Revenue Multiples”), the EV divided by the
estimated calendar year 2017 NOPAT (the “CY2017E NOPAT Multiples”) and the EV divided by the estimated calendar year 2018
NOPAT (the “CY2018E NOPAT Multiples”) for each of the selected companies below:
 

   

CY2017E
NOPAT

Multiples   

CY2017E
Revenue
Multiples   

CY2018E
NOPAT

Multiples   

CY2018E
Revenue
Multiples 

Selected High Mobile Concentration Companies         
Cirrus Logic, Inc.    14.2x    2.4x    12.3x    2.2x 
Dialog Semiconductor Plc    13.4x    1.9x    11.8x    1.7x 
Qorvo, Inc.    10.1x    2.4x    8.4x    2.2x 
QUALCOMM Incorporated    11.9x    3.3x    11.3x    3.2x 
Skyworks Solutions, Inc.    11.3x    3.8x    10.0x    3.4x 
Synaptics Incorporated    9.7x    1.1x    9.5x    1.0x 
 

65



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 73/199

Table of Contents

   

CY2017E
NOPAT

Multiples   

CY2017E
Revenue
Multiples   

CY2018E
NOPAT

Multiples   

CY2018E
Revenue
Multiples 

Selected Sensors Companies         
Knowles Corporation    17.2x    2.1x    15.2x    2.0x 
Sensata Technologies Holding N.V.    14.6x    3.1x    13.9x    3.0x 

Based on an analysis of the respective multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative multiple
range for each of the respective multiples and applied this range to the Company’s estimated statistic (1) based on the Street Case and
(2) based on the December Projections. Based on the calculations set forth above, then subtracting the net debt of the Company as of
October 2, 2016 and then dividing the resulting amount by the Company’s fully-diluted common stock (calculated using the treasury
stock method) outstanding, taking into account the stock options and RSUs outstanding, as of December 15, 2016 as provided by
InvenSense’s management, Qatalyst Partners calculated an implied range of values for InvenSense’s common stock.

Based on an analysis of the CY2017E Revenue Multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative
range of 1.5x to 3.0x and applied this range to the Company’s estimated CY2017E revenue (1) based on the Street Case and (2) based
on the December Projections. Based on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for the Company’s
common stock of approximately $5.92 to $10.62 per share based on the Street Case and $6.49 to $11.73 per share based on the
December Projections.

Based on an analysis of the CY2018E Revenue Multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative
range of 1.0x to 2.5x and applied this range to the Company’s estimated CY2018E revenue based on the December Projections. Based
on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for the InvenSense common stock of approximately $6.71 to
$14.79 per share based on the December Projections.

Based on an analysis of the CY2017E NOPAT Multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative
range of 10.0x to 15.0x and applied this range to the Company’s estimated CY2017E NOPAT (1) based on the Street Case and
(2) based on the December Projections. Based on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for the
Company’s common stock of approximately $2.12 to $2.67 per share based on the Street Case and $3.27 to $4.40 per share based on
the December Projections.

Based on an analysis of the CY2018E NOPAT Multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative
range of 9.0x to 14.0x and applied this range to the Company’s estimated CY2018E NOPAT based on the December Projections. Based
on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for the Company’s common stock of approximately $6.16 to
$8.92 per share based on the December Projections.

No company included in the selected companies analysis is identical to the Company. In evaluating the selected companies,
Qatalyst Partners made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and
financial conditions and other matters. Many of these matters are beyond the control of the Company, such as the impact of
competition on the Company’s business and the industry in general, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change in
the Company’s financial condition and prospects of or the industry or in the financial markets in general. Mathematical analysis, such
as determining the arithmetic mean, median, or the high or low, is not in itself a meaningful method of using selected company data.
 

66



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 74/199

Table of Contents

Selected Transactions Analysis

Qatalyst Partners compared 27 selected transactions announced between September 2006 and November 2016 involving
companies in the semiconductor industry selected by Qatalyst Partners based on its professional judgment. These transactions are listed
below:
 

Announcement Date   Target   Acquiror   

EV /
NTM

Revenue
Multiple 

November 21, 2016
  

Applied Micro Circuits Corporation
  

MACOM Technology Solutions
Holdings, Inc.   

 3.7x 

November 3, 2016
  

Lattice Semiconductor Corporation
  

Canyon Bridge Acquisition Company,
Inc.   

 2.8x 

October 27, 2016   NXP Semiconductors N.V.   QUALCOMM Incorporated    4.8x** 
September 12, 2016   Intersil Corporation   Renesas Electronics Corporation    5.4x 
July 26, 2016   Linear Technology Corporation   Analog Devices, Inc.    9.0x 
June 15, 2016   QLogic Corporation   Cavium, Inc.    2.1x 
January 19, 2016   Atmel Corporation   Microchip Technology Incorporated    2.9x 
November 24, 2015   PMC-Sierra, Inc.   Microsemi Corporation    4.2x 
November 18, 2015

  
Fairchild Semiconductor
International, Inc.   

ON Semiconductor Corporation
  

 1.7x 

October 21, 2015   SanDisk Corporation   Western Digital Corporation    3.1x 
June 1, 2015   Altera Corporation   Intel Corporation    7.7x 
May 28, 2015   Broadcom Corporation   Avago Technologies Ltd.    3.8x 
April 30, 2015   OmniVision Technologies, Inc.   Investor Group    1.0x 
March 2, 2015   Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.   NXP Semiconductors N.V.    3.4x 
December 1, 2014   Spansion, Inc.   Cypress Semiconductor Corporation    1.5x 
October 14, 2014   CSR plc   QUALCOMM Incorporated    2.8x 
August 20, 2014   International Rectifier Corporation   Infineon Technologies AG    2.0x 
June 9, 2014   Hittite Microwave Corporation   Analog Devices, Inc.    6.5x 
February 24, 2014   TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.   RF Micro Devices, Inc.    1.8x 
December 16, 2013   LSI Corporation   Avago Technologies Ltd.    2.7x 
July 12, 2013   Spreadtrum Communications, Inc.   Tsinghua Holdings Co. Ltd.    1.5x 
June 22, 2012   MStar Semiconductor, Inc.   MediaTek Inc.    2.1x 
September 12, 2011   NetLogic Microsystems, Inc.   Broadcom Corporation    8.3x 
April 4, 2011   National Semiconductor Corporation   Texas Instruments Inc.    4.4x 
January 5, 2011   Atheros Communications Inc.   QUALCOMM Incorporated    3.4x 
December 4, 2006   Agere Systems Inc.   LSI Corporation    2.5x 
September 15, 2006   Freescale Semiconductor Inc.   Investor Group    2.4x 
 
** Based on Wall Street analyst estimates (based on only such estimates which continued to include Standard Products in their

estimates) as of September 28, 2016 and adjusted for estimates of the impact from the divestiture of the Company’s Standard
Products business (based on Wall Street analyst estimates for the Company’s Standard Products business and publicly announced
guidance from the Company’s management).

For each of the transactions listed above, Qatalyst Partners reviewed, among other things, the implied fully-diluted enterprise
value of the target company as a multiple of analyst estimates of the next-twelve-months revenue of the target company. Based on the
analysis of such metrics for the transactions noted above, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative range of 1.5x to 3.5x applied to the
Company’s estimated next-twelve-months
 

67



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 75/199

Table of Contents

revenue (calculated as the consecutive four quarters ending on October 2, 2017 and based on the Street Case). Based on the
calculations set forth above, then subtracting the net debt of the Company as of October 2, 2016, assuming that the value of the
Company’s outstanding convertible notes and associated warrants and derivatives are calculated based on estimated fair value
assuming a change of control occurs on March 31, 2017 (estimated fair value inputs based on conversations with the Company’s
management regarding potential valuation of convertible debt-related securities), and then dividing the resulting amount by the
Company’s fully-diluted shares of common stock (calculated using the treasury stock method) outstanding, taking into account stock
options and RSUs outstanding, as of December 15, 2016, as provided by InvenSense’s management, this analysis implied a range of
values for the common stock of approximately $5.66 to $11.52 per share.

No company or transaction utilized in the selected transactions analysis is identical to the Company or the Merger. In evaluating
the selected transactions, Qatalyst Partners made judgments and assumptions with regard to general business, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the Company’s control, such as the impact of competition on the Company’s
business or the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any material adverse change in the Company’s financial
condition or the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public trading value of the companies and the
aggregate value of the transactions to which they are being compared. Because of the unique circumstances of each of these
transactions and the Merger, Qatalyst Partners cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information.

Miscellaneous

In connection with the review of the Merger by our Board of Directors, Qatalyst Partners performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex process and is not
necessarily amenable to a partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners considered the results of
all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor it considered. Qatalyst Partners
believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all analyses as a whole, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion. In addition, Qatalyst Partners may have given various analyses and factors
more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other
assumptions. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be
Qatalyst Partners’ view of the actual value of the Company. In performing its analyses, Qatalyst Partners made numerous assumptions
with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the Company’s control. Any estimates contained in Qatalyst Partners’ analyses are not necessarily indicative of future
results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.

Qatalyst Partners conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of
view, of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of InvenSense common stock, other than TDK Corporation or any
affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement. This analysis does not purport to be an appraisal or to reflect the
price at which the Company’s common stock might actually trade.

Qatalyst Partners’ opinion and its presentation to our Board of Directors was one of many factors considered by our Board of
Directors in deciding to approve the Merger Agreement. Consequently, the analyses as described above should not be viewed as
determinative of the opinion of our Board of Directors with respect to the cash consideration to be received by the Company’s
stockholders in the Merger, other than TDK Corporation or any affiliate of TDK Corporation, pursuant to the Merger Agreement or of
whether our Board of Directors would have been willing to agree to different consideration. The cash consideration payable in the
Merger was determined through arm’s length negotiations between the Company and TDK Corporation and was approved by our
Board of Directors. Qatalyst Partners provided advice to the Company during these negotiations. Qatalyst Partners did not, however,
recommend any specific consideration to the Company or that any specific consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration
for the Merger.
 

68



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 76/199

Table of Contents

Qatalyst Partners provides investment banking and other services to a wide range of corporations and individuals, domestically
and offshore, from which conflicting interests or duties may arise. In the ordinary course of these activities, affiliates of Qatalyst
Partners may at any time hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions in debt or equity securities or
loans of InvenSense, TDK Corporation or certain of their respective affiliates. During the two year period prior to the date of Qatalyst
Partners’ opinion, no material relationship existed between Qatalyst Partners and its affiliates and InvenSense or TDK Corporation
pursuant to which compensation was received by Qatalyst Partners or its affiliates; however, Qatalyst Partners and its affiliates may in
the future provide investment banking and other financial services to InvenSense or TDK Corporation or any of their respective
affiliates for which it would expect to receive compensation.

Pursuant to a letter agreement dated September 27, 2016, Qatalyst Partners provided the Company with financial advisory
services in connection with the Merger for which it will be paid approximately $25.5 million, $1.5 million of which was payable upon
the delivery of its opinion, and the remaining portion of which will be paid upon, and subject to, consummation of the Merger. The
Company has also agreed to reimburse Qatalyst Partners for its expenses incurred in performing its services. The Company has also
agreed to indemnify Qatalyst Partners and its affiliates, their respective members, directors, officers, partners, agents and employees
and any person controlling Qatalyst Partners or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the federal
securities laws, and expenses related to or arising out of Qatalyst Partners’ engagement.

Treatment of Equity Awards

Stock Options

Each Vested Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an
exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration will be cancelled in exchange for a payment to the holder of an
amount in cash equal to the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the
Vested Option, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award.

Each Unvested Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an
exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration will be converted into a deferred cash award in an amount equal to
the excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the Unvested Option,
multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award. Each such deferred cash award will be paid in cash in
accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding Unvested Option, but only if the holder of such deferred cash
award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested Option (including continued
employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

Each Vested Option and Unvested Option that has an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the merger
consideration and each Unvested Option that is subject to vesting based on performance criteria that have not been achieved as of the
effective time of the Merger will be cancelled without any consideration to the holder thereof.

RSUs

Each Vested RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be cancelled in exchange for a
payment to the holder of an amount in cash equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of shares
of common stock underlying the award.

Each Unvested RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted into a deferred
cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock
underlying the award. Each such deferred cash award will
 

69



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 77/199

Table of Contents

be paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding Unvested RSU, but only if the holder of such
deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested RSU (including continued
employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

Restricted Stock Awards

Each unvested share of restricted stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will be converted
into a deferred cash award in an amount equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share. Each such deferred cash award will be
paid in cash in accordance with the vesting schedule applicable to the corresponding share of restricted stock, but only if the holder of
such deferred cash award satisfies all of the vesting conditions that would have related to the terminated unvested shares of restricted
stock (including continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting).

Accelerated Vesting for Certain Awards

The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then unvested, will accelerate and vest upon the
Merger. In connection with the Merger, InvenSense entered into letter agreements with Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia, which
provide for the accelerated payment immediately following the Merger of a percentage of the deferred cash award attributable to the
otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to
which they will become entitled at the effective time of the Merger. Such accelerated payment will proportionately reduce any future
payments to be made to them on the applicable vesting dates with respect to such deferred cash awards. The accelerated payment of a
percentage of such deferred cash awards is effectively the same as accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of that percentage of
the otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi).
For more information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger
May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements.” In the case of our named executive officers, pursuant to their executive change in
control and severance agreements, 100% of the equity awards held by them that will not vest prior to or upon the Merger are subject to
accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months following
the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive officers). For
more information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreements.”

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

Under our ESPP, no new offering periods will commence following completion of the offering period in progress as of the date of
the Merger Agreement. The current offering period will terminate in accordance with the terms of the ESPP; except that we will
terminate the current offering period five business days prior to the effective time of the Merger if it has not already terminated. On
termination of the current offering period, each then-outstanding option under the ESPP will be exercised automatically, and we will
terminate the ESPP as of immediately prior to the closing date of the Merger.

Financing of the Merger

The Merger is not conditioned on TDK Corporation obtaining the proceeds of any financing. We anticipate that the total funds
necessary to complete the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement will be approximately
$1.3 billion, which will be funded through available cash on hand of TDK Corporation. These funds include the funds needed to:
 

 •  pay stockholders the amounts due under the Merger Agreement; and
 

70



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 78/199

Table of Contents

 •  make payments in respect of certain of the Company’s outstanding equity-based awards pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests

In considering the recommendation of our Board of Directors that you vote in favor of the Merger Proposal, you should be aware
that certain of our directors and executive officers may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the
interests of InvenSense and our stockholders generally. These interests may create a potential conflict of interest and may be perceived
to have affected their decision to support or approve the Merger. Our Board of Directors was aware of these potential conflicts of
interest during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger and in making its decision to approve the Merger Agreement, the Merger
and the related transactions. Stockholders should be aware of these interests, which are described and quantified in more detail below,
when considering our Board of Directors’ recommendation to approve the Merger Proposal.

Executive Officers and Directors

Our executive officers and directors as of February 1, 2017 were as follows:
 
Name   Age   Positions   Since  
Behrooz Abdi    55   President and Chief Executive Officer and Director    2011 
Amir Faintuch    48   Director    2014 
Usama Fayyad    53   Director    2015 
Emiko Higashi    58   Director    2014 
Jon Olson    63   Director    2011 
Amit Shah    52   Director    2004 
Eric Stang    57   Director    2013 
Yunbei “Ben” Yu, Ph.D.    47   Director    2008 
Mark Dentinger    58   Vice President—Chief Financial Officer    2014 
Daniel Goehl    46   Vice President—Worldwide Sales    2004 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia    51   Vice President—Technology and Worldwide Manufacturing    2012 

Positions with the Surviving Corporation

The Merger Agreement provides that the officers of InvenSense at the effective time of the Merger will be the officers of
InvenSense, as the surviving corporation, after the Merger. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, each of Messrs.
Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia entered into a letter agreement with InvenSense as further described below (see the section of this proxy
statement captioned “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements”
below), and are expected to remain employed by the surviving corporation following the Merger.

New Equity Awards

Through June 30, 2017, we may grant RSUs with an aggregate grant date fair value that does not exceed $23.0 million.
Additionally, between July 1, 2017 and September 30, 2017, we may grant RSUs with an aggregate grant date fair value that does not
exceed $3.7 million. These RSU grants must be made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (i.e. in connection
with new hires, at the time of annual focal review for employees or annual director grants) and, other than with respect to RSU grants
made to our directors, the grants will not be subject to acceleration upon a change of control with respect to TDK Corporation
(including pursuant to existing employment agreements). The RSUs granted during these periods will vest over a four year period, with
25% vesting on the one year anniversary of the grant date and the remainder vesting in equal installments monthly thereafter.
 

71



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 79/199

Table of Contents

Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers

TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary have agreed that all rights to indemnification, exculpation and advancement of expenses
existing in favor of our current or former directors and officers and each of our subsidiaries as provided in our charter or bylaws (and
comparable governing documents of our subsidiaries), or pursuant to any other contracts in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement
for acts or omissions occurring prior to the effective time of the Merger will survive the Merger and remain in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms for a period of six years after the effective time of the Merger.

For six years after the effective time of the Merger, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, TDK Corporation and the
surviving corporation will indemnify, defend and hold harmless any person that has been or becomes, prior to the effective time of the
Merger, an officer or director of InvenSense or any of our subsidiaries (referred to as an indemnified person) against all liabilities
arising out of actions or omissions in their capacity as such occurring at or prior to the effective time of the Merger (including in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement), and will advance and/or reimburse each indemnified person
for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such indemnified person in connection with investigating or defending any such
liabilities. The surviving corporation must receive an undertaking by such indemnified person to repay such legal and other fees and
expenses paid in advance if it is ultimately determined in a final non appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that such
indemnified person is not entitled to be indemnified under applicable law (or if a settlement is made without the knowledge of the
surviving corporation).

The Merger Agreement also provides that for an aggregate period of not less than six years from and after the effective time of the
Merger, TDK Corporation will cause InvenSense to provide its directors and officers as of the date of the Merger Agreement an
insurance policy (“D&O insurance”) that provides coverage for events occurring prior to the effective time of the Merger that is no less
favorable than our existing director and officer insurance policy as of the date of the Merger Agreement or, if insurance coverage that is
no less favorable is unavailable, the best available coverage; except that we will not be required to pay an annual premium for the D&O
insurance in excess of 250% of the last annual premium paid by us prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (referred to as the
premium cap) or, if less, the costs of D&O insurance providing coverage on the same terms as our existing policy as of the date of the
Merger Agreement.

Under the Merger Agreement, prior to the effective time of the Merger, InvenSense or TDK Corporation may instead substitute a
single premium tail coverage with respect to D&O insurance with the maximum coverage available for a total cost equal to the
premium cap or, if less, the cost of a single premium tail policy providing the same coverage limits as our existing policy as of the date
of the Merger Agreement. If the premiums for such insurance would at any time exceed the premium cap, then the surviving
corporation will maintain insurance policies that provide the maximum coverage available for a total cost equal to the premium cap.

Equity-Based Awards

Our named executive officers currently hold Vested Options, Unvested Options, Vested RSUs, Unvested RSUs and unvested
shares of restricted stock. Our non-employee directors currently hold Vested Options, Unvested Options, Vested RSUs and Unvested
RSUs. The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then unvested, will accelerate and vest upon a
change in control of InvenSense. The Merger constitutes a change in control of InvenSense. In connection with the Merger, we entered
into letter agreements with Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia, which provide for the accelerated payment immediately following
the Merger of a percentage of the deferred cash award attributable to the otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards (limited,
however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to which they will become entitled at the effective time of the
Merger. Such accelerated payment will proportionately reduce any future payments to be made to them on the applicable vesting dates
with respect to such deferred cash awards. The accelerated payment of a percentage of such deferred cash awards is effectively the
same as
 

72



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 80/199

Table of Contents

accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of that percentage of the otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards (limited,
however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi). For more information, see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements.” In the
case of our named executive officers, pursuant to their executive change in control and severance agreements, 100% of the equity
awards held by them that will not vest prior to or upon the Merger are subject to accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the
event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or
18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive officers). For more information, see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Executive
Change in Control and Severance Agreements.” On consummation of the Merger, the equity-based awards then held by our named
executive officers and non-employee directors would be treated as described above under “Treatment of Equity Awards.”

In connection with approving the Merger and the Merger Agreement, our Board of Directors will approve the disposition of
shares of common stock, options, RSUs and shares of restricted stock held by our directors and executive officers, so that such
dispositions in the Merger and the conversion into the right to receive the merger consideration, if applicable, are exempt from liability
under Section 16(b) of the Exchange Act.

Payments for Equity-Based Awards for Directors

The following table provides a summary of the cash payments that would be payable to the non-employee directors upon
consummation of the Merger in exchange for the cancellation of (i) each option held by them that is outstanding and unexercised
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an exercise price per share that is less than the merger consideration
(including stock options which vest on the Merger), and (ii) each RSU held by them that is outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the Merger (including RSUs which vest on the Merger). All unvested equity awards held by the non-employee
directors will vest on the Merger and the amounts listed below reflect the cash payments that would be payable for all of the Vested
Options and Vested RSUs held by the non-employee directors. For options, the amount shown is equal to the excess of the merger
consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the option, multiplied by the number of shares of
common stock underlying the award. For RSUs, the amount shown is equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share, multiplied
by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award.
 

Name   
Cash Payment for

Options ($)    
Cash Payment for

RSUs ($)    Total ($)  
Amir Faintuch    —      203,294    203,294 
Usama Fayyad    —      203,294    203,294 
Emiko Higashi    —      203,294    203,294 
Jon Olson    534,200    203,294    737,494 
Amit Shah    57,800    203,294    261,094 
Erik Stang    —      203,294    203,294 
Yumbei “Ben” Yu, Ph.D.    156,400    203,294    359,694 

Payments for Vested Equity-Based Awards for Named Executive Officers

The following table provides a summary of the cash payments that would be payable to the named executive officers upon
consummation of the Merger in exchange for the cancellation of (i) each Vested Option held by them that is outstanding and
unexercised immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger and that has an exercise price per share that is less than the merger
consideration (including stock options which vest on the Merger), (ii) each Vested RSU held by them that is outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger (including RSUs which vest on the Merger), and (iii) each vested share of restricted stock held
by them that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (including shares of restricted stock which will vest
on the Merger). The amounts listed below are based on the assumption that the Merger is
 

73



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 81/199

Table of Contents

consummated on April 30, 2017, and that the vesting of stock options, RSUs and shares of restricted stock will continue until that date.
In the case of Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia, the amounts listed below also include the accelerated payment immediately
following the Merger of a percentage of the deferred cash award attributable to the otherwise unvested portion of their equity awards
(limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to which they will become entitled at the effective
time of the Merger pursuant to their letter agreements (see below under “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger
May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements”). The accelerated payment of a percentage of such deferred cash awards is
effectively the same as accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of that percentage of the otherwise unvested portion of their equity
awards (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi). For options, the amount shown is equal to the
excess of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the option, multiplied by the
number of shares of common stock underlying the award. For RSUs, the amount shown is equal to the merger consideration of $13.00
per share, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award. For shares of restricted stock, the amount shown
is equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share. Such amounts are subject to applicable withholding taxes. The table below
includes only payments due upon consummation of the Merger. For information regarding the additional amounts which may become
payable with respect to equity awards (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or
18 months following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for the other named
executive officers), see below under “Golden Parachute Compensation.”
 

Name   

Cash
Payment

for Vested
Options

($)    

Cash
Payment

for Vested
RSUs($)    

Cash Payment
for Vested
Shares of
Restricted
Stock ($)    Total ($)*  

Behrooz Abdi    2,112,107    —      97,500    2,209,607 
Mark Dentinger    589,531    —        589,531 
Daniel Goehl    1,166,811    211,250    48,750    1,426,811 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia    1,277,657    520,065      1,797,722 

 
* The total cash payments above include the amounts of the accelerated payment immediately following the Merger of a percentage

of the deferred cash awards attributable to the otherwise unvested portion of the equity awards for Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and
Maghsoudnia (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to which they will become entitled
at the effective time of the Merger pursuant to their letter agreements. The total cash payments above do not include payments for
RSUs that will vest prior to the Merger (based on the assumption of the Merger being consummated on April 30, 2017), since
those RSUs will be settled prior to the Merger. Similarly, the total cash payments above do not include payments for shares of
restricted stock that will vest prior to the assumed consummation date of the Merger since those shares will be treated in the same
way as shares of our common stock.

Achievement of Performance-Based Vesting Component for Certain Equity-Based Awards

Mr. Abdi holds a performance stock option award covering 200,000 shares of common stock with an exercise price of $5.65 per
share that provides for a performance-based vesting component and a time-based vesting component. The performance-based vesting
component is treated as being satisfied if our common stock trades at a closing price per share that is equal to or greater than $12.50 per
share for 20 consecutive trading days on the NYSE. Once the performance-based vesting component has been satisfied, the option then
vests monthly over four years commencing on the date that the performance-based vesting component has been satisfied. However,
because the merger consideration is equal to $13.00 per share, pursuant to the terms of the performance stock option award, the
performance-based vesting component will be treated as being satisfied on the Merger. Nevertheless, the time-based vesting component
will continue to apply, such that the deferred cash award into which the performance stock option is converted will be subject to
monthly vesting over four years beginning on the date of the Merger.
 

74



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 82/199

Table of Contents

Employee Stock Purchase Plan

No new offering period will commence under the ESPP following the end of the current offering period ending May 15, 2017,
and the ESPP will be terminated effective immediately prior to the closing date of the Merger. The amount credited to each
participant’s account on the final purchase date under the ESPP (which date will be no later than five business days prior to the
anticipated effective time of the Merger) will be applied to purchase the number of shares of common stock determined pursuant to the
terms of the ESPP. At the effective time of the Merger, each such share of common stock purchased will be converted into the right to
receive $13.00 in cash, without interest, and less any applicable withholding taxes.

Executive Bonus Plan

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we may make bonus payments to our named executive officers (and certain non-named
executive officers) under our executive bonus plan for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2017, in accordance with the achievement of the
currently established performance targets, provided that the aggregate payments under such bonus plan do not exceed $1.5 million in
the aggregate.

Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreements

Each of our named executive officers (other than Mr. Abdi, whose arrangement is described below) has an Executive Change in
Control and Severance Agreement (referred to as the executive change in control and severance agreement) under which the named
executive officer would be entitled to the following payments and benefits (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) if the named
executive officer’s employment is terminated for “Good Reason” or without “Cause” (as such terms are defined in the applicable
executive change in control and severance agreement) either 30 days prior to or within 18 months following a change in control of
InvenSense:
 

 
•  Payment of an amount equal to 12 months of the greater of the base salary in effect immediately prior to the change in

control or the then-current annual base salary;
 

 •  Payment of any earned but unpaid bonus for the prior fiscal year;
 

 
•  Payment of an amount equal to the lower of the current year target annual bonus or the amount of the most recent annual

bonus paid;
 

 
•  The acceleration of vesting (or release from repurchase rights, as applicable) with respect to 100% of the named executive

officer’s then-outstanding and unvested equity awards;
 

 •  Extension of the exercise period for outstanding stock options which are assumed by six months; and
 

 
•  Reimbursement of monthly medical insurance premiums under COBRA (if elected) for 18 months or, if shorter, until the

named executive officer becomes eligible to participate in a subsequent employer’s group health plan.

Mr. Abdi has an executive change in control and severance agreement under which he would be entitled to the following
payments and benefits (subject to any applicable withholding taxes) if his employment is terminated for “Good Reason” or without
“Cause” (as such terms are defined in his executive change in control and severance agreement) either 90 days prior to or within 18
months following a change in control of InvenSense:
 

 
•  Payment of an amount equal to 18 months of the greater of the base salary in effect immediately prior to the change in

control or the then-current annual base salary;
 

 •  Payment of any earned but unpaid bonus for the prior fiscal year;
 

 
•  Payment of an amount equal to 150% of the weighted average of the current year target annual bonus and the amount of the

most recent annual bonus paid, with such weighted average determined based on the percentage of the current year
completed prior to Mr. Abdi’s termination of employment;

 
75



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 83/199

Table of Contents

 

•  The acceleration of vesting (or release from repurchase rights, as applicable) with respect to 100% of his then-outstanding
and unvested equity awards, to the extent that such equity awards have commenced to vest (or, in the case of performance
awards based on the closing stock price being at a sustained level for 20 days, would have commenced to vest had the
20-day trading price equaled the price per share paid in the change in control);

 

 •  Extension of the exercise period for outstanding stock options which are assumed by 12 months; and
 

 
•  Lump-sum cash payment of an amount equal to the reasonably estimated cost of 18 months of continued medical insurance

premium payments under COBRA (based on the Company’s costs for medical insurance coverage prior to termination).

The payments and benefits provided under the executive change in control and severance agreements described above are
contingent upon (i) the named executive officer signing a general release of claims in favor of InvenSense, (ii) the named executive
officer complying with certain restrictions on soliciting our employees and other service providers and disparaging us during the named
executive officer’s period of employment and for one year thereafter, and (iii) the named executive officer continuing to comply with
the terms of any form of confidential information agreement.

Pursuant to the letter agreements, as described below, the definition of “Good Reason” for purposes of the executive change in
control and severance agreements with Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia has been amended to provide that neither the
consummation of the Merger nor any changes that are made to the nature or scope of the named executive officer’s title, duties,
authorities, function, responsibilities, reporting structure or signing authority solely as a result of the consummation of the Merger will
trigger Good Reason for the termination of the named executive officer’s employment.

Letter Agreements

In connection with the Merger, we entered into letter agreements with Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia (each, a
“Recipient,” and collectively, the “Recipients”) providing for the payment of a retention bonus (“Retention Bonus”) to each Recipient
if (a) the Recipient remains an employee of InvenSense until the later of (i) the date on which the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement are consummated and (ii) the first anniversary of the date on which the Merger Agreement is fully executed (such
later date, the “Vesting Date”), or (b) the Recipient’s employment with InvenSense terminates prior to the Vesting Date as a result of a
termination by InvenSense without “Cause” (as defined in the letter agreement) or the Recipient’s death or permanent disability (such
date of termination, the “Termination Date”). If the Merger Agreement terminates for any reason, the letter agreements will
immediately terminate and the Recipients will not be entitled to any Retention Bonus. Payment of the Retention Bonus is subject to the
applicable Recipient’s execution of a release of claims. The letter agreements also provide for the accelerated payment of a percentage
of the total cash value payable for certain unvested equity awards held by the Recipients under the “Company Stock Plans” (as defined
in the Merger Agreement), which accelerated payment will proportionately reduce any future payments to be made to the Recipient on
the applicable vesting dates with respect to such awards (such percentage, the “Equity Award Acceleration Percentage”). The
individual Equity Award Acceleration Percentages for Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia are 20%, 25% and 42%, respectively,
which apply to all outstanding unvested awards held under any Company Stock Plan (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted
stock in the case of Mr. Abdi) and apply to each tranche of unvested equity awards held by them (limited, however, to unvested shares
of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi). The letter agreements also amend the definition of “Good Reason” in each Recipient’s
executive change in control and severance agreement with InvenSense to provide that neither the consummation of the Merger nor any
changes that are made to the nature or scope of the Recipient’s title, duties, authorities, function, responsibilities, reporting structure or
signing authority solely as a result of the consummation of the Merger would trigger Good Reason for the termination of the
Recipient’s employment. We have also entered into letter agreements providing for a retention bonus with certain other officers who
are not named executive officers.
 

76



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 84/199

Table of Contents

The letter agreement for Mr. Abdi also provides for certain additional bonuses (collectively, the “Additional Retention Bonus”).
Pursuant to his letter agreement, Mr. Abdi will be entitled to:
 

 

•  A lump sum cash payment in an amount up to $857,500 if (a)(i) he remains employed through March 31, 2018 and (ii) for
our fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, InvenSense’s revenue as reported on InvenSense’s audited financial statements in
accordance with historical practices and GAAP exceeds $315,440,000 or (b) his employment with InvenSense terminates
prior to March 31, 2018 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or permanent disability. The
amount of this bonus is equal to the product of $857,500, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the difference
between the actual revenue for fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 and $315,440,000 and the denominator of which is
$78,860,000. In no event will this bonus exceed $857,500. In the event of any termination of Mr. Abdi’s employment prior
to March 31, 2018 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or permanent disability, the amount
of the bonus payment will be equal to $857,500.

 

 

•  A lump sum cash payment in an amount up to $857,500 if (a)(i) he remains employed through March 31, 2018 and (ii) for
our fiscal year ending March 31, 2018, InvenSense’s operating profit calculated in accordance with InvenSense’s historical
practices on a non-GAAP basis that excludes stock-based compensation expense and related payroll taxes, accreting interest
expense on InvenSense’s 1.75% convertible senior notes, amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets, business
acquisition costs and litigation-related expenses (“Operating Profit”) exceeds $29,760,000 or (b) his employment with
InvenSense terminates prior to March 31, 2018 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or
permanent disability. The amount of this bonus is equal to the product of $857,500, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the difference between the actual Operating Profit for fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 and $29,760,000 and
the denominator of which is $7,440,000. In no event will this bonus exceed $857,500. In the event of any termination of
Mr. Abdi’s employment prior to March 31, 2018 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or
permanent disability, the amount of the bonus payment will be equal to $857,500.

 

 

•  A lump sum cash payment in an amount up to $857,500 if (a)(i) he remains employed through March 31, 2019 and (ii) for
our fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, InvenSense’s revenue as reported on InvenSense’s audited financial statements in
accordance with historical practices and GAAP exceeds $503,520,000 or (b) his employment with InvenSense terminates
prior to March 31, 2019 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or permanent disability. The
amount of this bonus is equal to the product of $857,500, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator of which is the difference
between the actual revenue for fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 and $503,520,000 and the denominator of which is
$125,880,000. In no event will this bonus exceed $857,500. In the event of any termination of Mr. Abdi’s employment prior
to March 31, 2019 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or permanent disability, the amount
of the bonus payment will be equal to $857,500.

 

 

•  A lump sum cash payment in an amount up to $857,500 if (a)(i) he remains employed through March 31, 2019 and (ii) for
our fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, InvenSense’s Operating Profit exceeds $60,240,000 or (b) his employment with
InvenSense terminates prior to March 31, 2019 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or
permanent disability. The amount of this bonus is equal to the product of $857,500, multiplied by a fraction, the numerator
of which is the difference between the actual Operating Profit for fiscal year ending March 31, 2019 and $60,240,000 and
the denominator of which is $15,060,000. In no event will this bonus exceed $857,500. In the event of any termination of
Mr. Abdi’s employment prior to March 31, 2019 as a result of a termination by InvenSense without Cause or his death or
permanent disability, the amount of the bonus payment will be equal to $857,500.

The letter agreement for Mr. Abdi also provides that his base salary will be increased to a rate of $420,000 per year effective
immediately, and his annual target incentive bonus opportunity for fiscal year ending March 31, 2018 (which will be in addition to the
potential bonus payments described above) will be 100% of his then-current annual base salary.
 

77



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 85/199

Table of Contents

Golden Parachute Compensation

The following table sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding certain compensation that will
or may be paid or become payable to each of ours named executive officers and that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger.
This compensation is sometimes referred to as “golden parachute” compensation. The amounts set forth in the tables below are based
on payments and benefits that may become payable pursuant to the terms of the executive bonus plan, executive change in control and
severance agreements, letter agreements, equity awards or the Merger Agreement, which payments and benefits are described above
under “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests,” which is incorporated by reference
herein. The amounts listed below are estimates based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur, including the
assumptions that the Merger is consummated on April 30, 2017, and that each named executive officer will be terminated by
InvenSense without Cause on such date (as defined in the applicable executive change in control and severance agreement). The actual
amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer may differ from the amounts set forth below. In addition, the executive
change in control and severance agreements provide that, at the election of the named executive officer, the payments and benefits
provided to the named executive officer will be either paid in full or reduced to avoid the application of Section 280G of the Internal
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, whichever results in the greatest benefit for the named executive officer. The payments and
benefits provided for under the executive change in control and severance agreements are contingent upon (i) the named executive
officer signing a general release of claims in favor of InvenSense, (ii) the named executive officer complying with certain restrictions
on soliciting our employees and other service providers and disparaging us during the named executive officer’s period of employment
and for one year thereafter, and (iii) the named executive officer continuing to comply with the terms of any form of confidential
information agreement. The payments provided for under the letter agreements are subject to the named executive officer signing a
general release of claims in favor of InvenSense.
 

Name   
Cash
($)(1)    

Equity
($)(2)    

Pension/
NQDC

($)    

Perquisites
/Benefits

($)(3)    

Tax
Reimbursements

($)    
Other
($)(4)    Total ($)  

Behrooz Abdi    5,690,000    2,081,060    —      41,691    —      60,000    7,872,751 
Mark Dentinger    560,000    3,900,478    —      34,623    —      —      4,495,101 
Daniel Goehl    1,504,000    2,513,081    —      41,691    —      —      4,058,772 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia    1,480,000    2,737,581    —      41,691    —      —      4,259,272 
 
(1) Represents the “double-trigger” cash severance payable pursuant to the executive change in control and severance agreements if

the named executive officer is terminated for Good Reason or without Cause (as such terms are defined in the applicable
executive change in control and severance agreement) either within 90 days prior to or 18 months following a change in control of
InvenSense (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following a change in control of InvenSense (for the other
named executive officers). Also represents the “double-trigger” cash Retention Bonus and Mr. Abdi’s Additional Retention Bonus
payable pursuant to the letter agreements if the named executive officer is terminated without Cause prior to the later of (i) the
date on which the Merger is consummated or (ii) the first anniversary of the date on which the Merger Agreement is fully
executed. The following table sets forth the portion of each named executive officer’s (x) cash severance applicable to the salary
component and bonus component of the executive change in control and severance agreements and (y) Retention Bonus
component and Mr. Abdi’s Additional Retention Bonus component of the letter agreements. The salary component is equal to 12
months’ base salary (or 18 months’ base salary in the case of Mr. Abdi). The bonus component is equal to the lower of the current
year target annual bonus or the amount of the most recent annual bonus paid (or 150% of the weighted average of the current year
target annual bonus and the amount of the most recent annual bonus paid in the case of Mr. Abdi). The salary component shown is
based on the current annual base salary. The bonus component shown is based on the current year target annual bonus and
assumes that there will be no earned but unpaid bonus for the fiscal year preceding the year of termination. These amounts are
subject to change based on the actual bonus paid for the fiscal year preceding the year of termination and the actual target annual
bonus for the year of termination The Retention Bonus component and Mr. Abdi’s Additional Retention Bonus component shown
are based on the amounts set forth in the letter agreements.

 
78



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 86/199

Table of Contents

Name   

Salary
Component

($)    

Bonus
Component

($)    

Retention
Bonus

Component
($)    

Additional
Retention

Bonus
Component

($)    Total ($)  
Behrooz Abdi    630,000    630,000    1,000,000    3,430,000    5,690,000 
Mark Dentinger    350,000    210,000    —      —      560,000 
Daniel Goehl    315,000    189,000    1,000,000    —      1,504,000 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia    320,000    160,000    1,100,000    —      1,580,000 

 
(2) Represents the amounts payable with respect to certain equity awards which will effectively vest on the Merger pursuant to the

letter agreements (see above under “Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—
Letter Agreements”). Such amounts are described in the following table as “single-trigger” payments. Also represents the amounts
payable with respect to certain equity awards which will vest in the event of a qualifying termination within the applicable time
period pursuant to the executive change in control and severance agreements (see above under “Interests of Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreements”). Such
amounts are described in the following table as “double-trigger” payments. For options, the amount shown is equal to the excess
of the merger consideration of $13.00 per share over the applicable exercise price per share of the option, multiplied by the
number of shares of common stock underlying the award. For RSUs, the amount shown is equal to the merger consideration of
$13.00 per share, multiplied by the number of shares of common stock underlying the award. For shares of restricted stock, the
amount shown is equal to the merger consideration of $13.00 per share.

 

  

 
Cash Payment for “Single-

Trigger” Awards   

 
Cash Payment for “Double-

Trigger” Awards   

Total
Cash

Payment
for

Unvested
Options,
Unvested
RSUs and
Unvested
Shares of
Restricted
Stock($)  Name  

Unvested
Options($)  

Unvested
RSUs($)   

Unvested
Shares of
Restricted
Stock($)   

Unvested
Options($)   

Unvested
RSUs($)   

Unvested
Shares of
Restricted
Stock($)   

Behrooz Abdi   —     —     97,500   1,593,560   —     390,000   2,081,060 
Mark Dentinger   —     —     —     1,982,978   1,917,500   —     3,900,478 
Daniel Goehl   368,270   211,250   48,750   1,104,811   633,750   146,250   2,513,081 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia   629,719   520,065   —     869,612   718,185   —     2,737,581 

 
(3) Represents “double-trigger” health continuation severance benefits payable pursuant to the executive change in control and

severance agreements if the named executive officer is terminated for Good Reason or without Cause either within 90 days prior
to or 18 months following a change in control of InvenSense (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following a
change in control of InvenSense (for the other named executive officers). The value of these benefits is based on the assumptions
used for financial reporting purposes under generally accepted accounting principles.

(4) Represents the net annual increase in base salary for Mr. Abdi pursuant to his letter agreement, but not his annual target incentive
bonus opportunity since this amount is uncertain.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The following discussion is a summary of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger that are relevant to holders
of shares of InvenSense common stock whose shares are converted into the right to receive cash pursuant to the Merger. This
discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended ( the “Code”), Treasury Regulations promulgated under the
Code, court decisions, published positions
 

79



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 87/199

Table of Contents

of the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), and other applicable authorities, all as in effect on the date of this proxy statement and all
of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion is limited to holders who
hold their shares of InvenSense common stock as “capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property
held for investment). This summary does not describe any of the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or foreign
tax jurisdiction and does not consider any aspects of U.S. federal tax law other than income taxation (e.g., estate, gift or alternative
minimum tax or the Medicare net investment income surtax). In addition, this summary does not address the U.S. federal income tax
consequences to holders of shares who exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law. For purposes of this discussion, a “holder” means
either a U.S. Holder or a Non-U.S. Holder (each as defined below) or both, as the context may require.

This discussion is for general information only and does not address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders in
light of their particular circumstances. For example, this discussion does not address tax consequences to:
 

 

•  Holders who may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax laws, such as: financial institutions,
tax-exempt organizations, governmental organizations, S corporations, partnerships or any other entities or arrangements
treated as partnerships or pass-through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes, insurance companies, mutual funds,
dealers in stocks and securities, traders in securities that elect to use the mark-to-market method of accounting for their
securities, regulated investment companies, real estate investment trusts, personal holding companies, entities subject to the
U.S. anti-inversion rules or certain expatriates or former long-term residents of the United States;

 

 •  Holders holding the shares as part of a hedging, constructive sale or conversion, straddle or other risk reducing transaction;
 

 •  Holders that received their shares of InvenSense common stock in a compensatory transaction; or
 

 •  U.S. Holders whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar.

If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) is a beneficial
owner of shares of InvenSense common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership will generally depend upon the status
of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding the shares of InvenSense common stock and partners therein
should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of the Merger.

No ruling has been or will be obtained from the IRS regarding the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger. If the IRS
contests a conclusion set forth herein, no assurance can be given that a holder would ultimately prevail in a final determination by a
court.

THIS DISCUSSION IS PROVIDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT CONSTITUTE LEGAL
ADVICE TO ANY HOLDER. A HOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS TAX ADVISORS CONCERNING THE U.S. FEDERAL
INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE MERGER IN LIGHT OF ITS PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES
AND ANY CONSEQUENCES ARISING UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN TAXING
JURISDICTION.

U.S. Holders

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of shares of InvenSense common stock who or that is for
U.S. federal income tax purposes:
 

 •  An individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  A corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States, any

state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 

 •  An estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
 

80



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 88/199

Table of Contents

 
•  A trust (i) that is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or more United

States persons as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or (ii) that has a valid election in effect under applicable
Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.

The receipt of cash by a U.S. Holder in exchange for shares of InvenSense common stock pursuant to the Merger will be a taxable
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, such U.S. Holder’s gain or loss will be equal to the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares surrendered pursuant to the Merger. Gain or
loss will be determined separately for each block of shares (that is, shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction) exchanged
for cash pursuant to the Merger. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis generally will equal the amount that such U.S. Holder paid for the
shares. Such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if such U.S. Holder’s holding
period in such shares is more than one year at the time of the completion of the Merger. A reduced tax rate on capital gain generally
will apply to long-term capital gain of a non-corporate U.S. Holder. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

Non-U.S. Holders

For purposes of this discussion, the term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of shares of InvenSense common stock
who or that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership (or an entity taxable as a partnership) for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Special rules not discussed below may apply to certain Non-U.S. Holders subject to special tax treatment such as “controlled
foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies.” Non-U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors to determine
the U.S. federal, state, local, Non-U.S. and other tax consequences that may be relevant to them in light of their particular
circumstances.

Any gain realized by a Non-U.S. Holder pursuant to the Merger generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless:
 

 

•  The gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States (and, if required by
an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder in the
United States), in which case such gain generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at rates generally applicable to
U.S. persons, and, if the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, such gain may also be subject to the branch profits tax at a rate of
30% (or a lower rate under an applicable income tax treaty);

 

 

•  Such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of the
Merger, and certain other specified conditions are met, in which case such gain will generally be subject to U.S. federal
income tax at a rate of 30% (unless an applicable income tax treaty reduces or eliminates such income tax), but may be
offset by certain U.S.-source capital losses of the Non-U.S. Holder (even though the individual is not considered a resident
of the United States), provided the Non-U.S. Holder has timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such
losses; or

 

 

•  We are or have been a “United States real property holding corporation” as such term is defined in Section 897(c) of the
Code, which we refer to as a USRPHC, at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the Merger and such
Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period with respect to the applicable shares of InvenSense common stock, which we refer to as
the relevant period, and, if shares of InvenSense common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market
(within the meaning of Section 897(c)(3) of the Code), such Non-U.S. Holder owns or is deemed to own more than 5% of
the shares of InvenSense common stock at any time during the relevant period, in which case such gain will be subject to
U.S. federal income tax at rates generally applicable to U.S. persons. We believe that we are not, and have not been, a
USRPHC at any time during the five-year period preceding the anticipated date of completion of the Merger.

 
81



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 89/199

Table of Contents

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments made to holders in exchange for shares of InvenSense common stock pursuant to the Merger may be subject to
information reporting and may be subject to backup withholding. To avoid backup withholding on such payments, U.S. Holders that do
not otherwise establish an exemption should complete and return to the paying agent a properly executed IRS Form W-9, certifying
that such holder is a U.S. person, the taxpayer identification number provided is correct, and that such holder is not subject to backup
withholding. Certain holders (including corporations) are not subject to backup withholding or information reporting rules.

Non-U.S. Holders are generally exempt from backup withholding but must complete and return to the paying agent properly
executed appropriate IRS Form W-8 to perfect that exemption. Copies of information returns that are filed with the IRS, if applicable,
may be made available under an applicable tax treaty or information exchange agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which
the non-U.S. Holder resides or is established.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a
refund or a credit against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided the required information is timely furnished to the
IRS. Holders should consult their tax advisors regarding the information reporting and backup withholding rules.

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals

Antitrust Approvals

Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, TDK Corporation and InvenSense cannot complete the Merger until
they notify and furnish information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the U.S. Department of Justice, and
specified waiting period requirements are satisfied. TDK Corporation and InvenSense filed the notification and report forms under the
HSR Act with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division on January 13, 2017 and the mandatory waiting period
under the HSR Act expired on February 13, 2017.

In addition, TDK Corporation and InvenSense cannot complete the Merger until the required submissions have been made and
approvals granted under the South Korea Monopoly Regulation and Fair Trade Act and the Republic of China (Taiwan) Fair Trade Law
of 1991. TDK Corporation filed the required submission with the Korea Fair Trade Commission on February 23, 2017 and with the
Taiwan Fair Trade Commission on March 2, 2017.

CFIUS

The Merger is also conditioned on the issuance of clearance from CFIUS. This CFIUS clearance takes the form of either (a) a
written notification from CFIUS that the Merger is not a covered transaction and not subject to review under applicable law; (b) a
written notification from CFIUS that the CFIUS review has been completed and that CFIUS has determined that there are no
unresolved national security concerns in connection with the Merger; or (c) CFIUS will have sent a report to the President of the
United States requesting the President’s decision on the CFIUS notice and either (1) the period under the Defense Production Act of
1950 (referred to as the Defense Production Act) during which the President may announce his decision to take action to suspend,
prohibit or place any limitations on the Merger will have expired without any such action being taken or (2) the President will have
announced a decision not to take any action to suspend, prohibit or place any limitations on the Merger.

In the event that (A) TDK Corporation withdraws the CFIUS filing prior to the conclusion of the CFIUS review and does not
re-file within a certain period of time, (B) CFIUS notifies TDK Corporation and InvenSense that CFIUS has completed its review or
investigation and determined it has unresolved national security concerns and (1) TDK Corporation unilaterally withdraws or the
parties mutually agree to withdraw and (2) TDK Corporation does not re-file within a certain period of time, or (C) the President takes
action to prohibit the Merger, a “CFIUS Turndown” will have occurred. In the event of a CFIUS Turndown, either party has the right
 

82



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 90/199

Table of Contents

to terminate the Merger Agreement and abandon the Merger. See the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger Agreement
Termination of the Merger Agreement” below.

InvenSense and TDK Corporation filed a joint voluntary notice with CFIUS on February 16, 2017. The notice has been accepted
for review by CFIUS with the first day of the review period commencing on February 27, 2017. While we believe that CFIUS
clearance will ultimately be obtained, this clearance is not assured. Each party’s obligations to complete the Merger are contingent
upon CFIUS clearance.

Miscellaneous

In addition, TDK Corporation submitted an application to the French Ministry of the Economy on February 6, 2017 for an
approval of the Merger under Articles L.151-3 and R.153-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code in respect of foreign
investment controls. The French Ministry of the Economy provided its clearance of the Merger on March 24, 2017.

Conditions Imposed by Regulatory Authorities

Antitrust, CFIUS and other applicable regulatory authorities may impose conditions as a prerequisite for their respective
clearances or approvals of the Merger. TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary are not required to, and, without the prior written
consent of TDK Corporation, InvenSense may not (A) enter into any settlement, undertaking, consent decree, stipulation or agreement
with any governmental authority in connection with the transactions contemplated under the Merger Agreement or (B) propose,
negotiate, commit to or effect by consent decree, hold separate orders or otherwise, in each case of clauses (A) and (B) that would
impose or provide for,

(1) any restrictions on the operation of the business of InvenSense by TDK Corporation;

(2) the sale, license, assignment, transfer, lease, or other divestiture or disposition of the assets, properties or business of TDK
Corporation or its subsidiaries (excluding InvenSense following the effective time of the Merger); or

(3) the sale, license, assignment, transfer, lease or other divestiture or disposition of any assets or business of InvenSense or any
of its subsidiaries that would reduce the reasonably anticipated benefits to TDK Corporation (including anticipated synergies) of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in an amount that is financially material relative to the value of InvenSense and its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.

Legal Proceedings

To date six people, each alleging that he or she owns common stock in the Company, have filed purported class action lawsuits
against the Company and its board of directors in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California: Marc Nuzzo v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei Yu, TDK
Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-00859-JD (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 21, 2017); Marc Chicorel v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang and Yunbei Yu,
No. 5:17-cv-00901 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 22, 2017); David Dunham v. InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Emiko Higashi,
Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei Yu, Usama Fayyad, TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-
00957 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 24, 2017); Atef Isaac v. InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi,
Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang and Yunbei “Ben” Yu, No. 3:17-cv-01014 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 27, 2017); Amy Holzman v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amit Shah, Jon Olson, Eric Stang, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Yunbei Yu, TDK
Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 5:17-cv-01038 (N.D. Cal., filed Feb. 28, 2017); and George E. Rollins v.
InvenSense, Inc., Behrooz Abdi, Amir Faintuch, Usama Fayyad, Emiko Higashi, Jon Olson, Amit Shah, Eric Stang, Yunbei “Ben” Yu,
TDK Corporation, and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, No. 3:17-cv-001574 (N.D. Cal., filed Mar. 23, 2017).
 

83



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 91/199

Table of Contents

The lawsuits all challenge the Company’s proposed acquisition by TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation;
four of the six also name as defendants TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation. All six complaints assert a claim
under section 14(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 against the Company and its directors, and a control person claim under
section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Company’s directors; three of the complaints assert the control person claim against
TDK Corporation and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation as well. The complaints allege that the Company’s preliminary proxy
statement filed with the SEC on February 3, 2017 (“preliminary proxy”) is materially false and misleading because it omits certain
information about the Company’s financial projections and the financial analysis performed by the Company’s financial advisor,
Qatalyst Partners; some also allege that the preliminary proxy omits information about the process that led to the merger; finally, one
makes allegations with respect to the reasonableness of certain assumptions underlying such financial analysis.

One of the complaints (Dunham) also asserts a claim for breach of fiduciary duty against the individual defendants and a claim
for aiding and abetting the individual defendants’ alleged breaches of fiduciary duty against the Company, TDK Corporation and TDK
Sensor Solutions Corporation. This complaint alleges that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties of loyalty, good
faith, due care and disclosure by not taking steps to achieve adequate consideration for shareholders, by engineering the merger to
benefit themselves and TDK at the expense of other shareholders, and by agreeing to deal protection terms that unduly deter topping
bids. While the other five complaints do not assert fiduciary duty claims as such, several of them include factual allegations similar to
those made in the Dunham complaint.

With some variations, the complaints all seek: orders preliminarily and permanently enjoining defendants from closing the merger
or, if the merger closes, rescinding it or awarding damages; declaratory relief against the merger and the preliminary proxy; and
attorneys’ fees and costs.

The Company and its directors have waived service of summons and appeared in the Chicorel, Dunham and Holzman cases. The
Company and the directors have informally agreed to waive service of summons or agreed to waive service of summons in all six
lawsuits.

Anticipated Closing of the Merger

We intend to complete the Merger as soon as possible, but in any event, no later than five business days after all of the closing
conditions have been met or waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof, or on such other date as is mutually agreed
upon by TDK Corporation and InvenSense. We currently expect the Merger to be completed in the second quarter of the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2018, although we cannot assure completion by any particular date, if at all. We will issue a press release and letters
of transmittal for your use once the Merger has been completed.

Delisting and Deregistration of our Common Stock

If the Merger is completed, our common stock will cease to be listed on the NYSE and will subsequently be deregistered under
the Exchange Act, and we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC.

If the Merger Proposal is not approved by our stockholders or if the Merger is not completed for any other reason, our
stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares in connection with the Merger. Instead, we will remain an independent
public company and our common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE.
 

84



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 92/199

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following description summarizes the material provisions of the Merger Agreement and is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the complete text of the Merger Agreement. The descriptions of the Merger Agreement in this summary and elsewhere in this proxy
statement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is included as
Appendix A to this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the Merger Agreement carefully and in its entirety. The Merger
Agreement has been included to provide you with information regarding its terms. It is not intended to provide any other factual
information about us. Such information can be found elsewhere in this proxy statement and in our other public filings with the SEC,
which are available without charge at www.sec.gov. The rights and obligations of the parties are governed by the express terms of the
Merger Agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in this proxy statement.

Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of our common stock, other than shares held by InvenSense, TDK
Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled), and shares held by stockholders who have validly
exercise their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in
cash, without interest. The merger consideration will be adjusted appropriately to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse stock
split, stock dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into our common stock), reorganization,
recapitalization, reclassification, combination, merger, issuer tender offer, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to our
common stock occurring on or after December 21, 2016 and prior to the effective time of the Merger. This adjustment to the merger
consideration will provide to the holders of InvenSense common stock the same economic effect as contemplated by the Merger
Agreement prior to such action and will as so adjusted from and after the date of such event, be the merger consideration.

Closing; Effective Time of the Merger

The closing of the Merger will occur as soon as possible, but in any event, no later than five business days after all of the closing
conditions have been met or waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof, or on such other date as is mutually agreed
upon by TDK Corporation and InvenSense.

The Merger will become effective upon the filing of a certificate of merger at closing with the Delaware Secretary of State or at
such later date or time as is agreed upon by Merger Subsidiary, TDK Corporation and InvenSense and specified in the certificate of
merger. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with Delaware law, upon the completion of the
Merger, Merger Subsidiary, a wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation and a party to the Merger Agreement, will merge with and
into InvenSense. InvenSense will survive the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TDK Corporation.

Conversion of Shares; Procedures for Exchange of Certificates

Effective automatically upon the effective time of the Merger, you will have the right to receive $13.00 in cash per share of
outstanding InvenSense common stock, without interest. Prior to the effective time of the Merger, TDK Corporation will appoint a
bank or trust company to act as paying agent under the Merger Agreement, and will deposit with the paying agent cash in an amount
sufficient to pay the aggregate merger consideration to our stockholders. The Merger Agreement provides that promptly and in any
event no later than three business days after the effective time of the Merger, TDK Corporation will cause the paying agent to send to
each eligible holder of record of shares of InvenSense common stock at the effective time a letter of transmittal and instructions for use
in surrendering their certificates and book-entry shares in exchange for the merger consideration. No stockholder should surrender
any certificates until the stockholder receives the letter of transmittal and other materials from the paying agent for such
surrender. Payment will only be
 

85



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 93/199

Table of Contents

made to the person to whom such certificates or book-entry shares are registered. Upon receipt of an “agent’s message” by the paying
agent (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer to the paying agent as the paying agent may reasonably request), together with an
executed and completed letter of transmittal and IRS Form W-9 or W-8 (as applicable) and any other documents reasonably required, a
stockholder will be entitled to receive that portion of the merger consideration with respect to the shares of common stock held by
them. The shares so surrendered will be cancelled.

You should not send your certificates until requested to do so and should send them only pursuant to instructions set forth
in the letters of transmittal to be mailed to stockholders promptly after the effective time of the Merger. In all cases, the merger
consideration will be paid only in accordance with the procedures set forth in the Merger Agreement and such letters of
transmittal.

The Merger Agreement provides that one year after the effective time of the Merger, the paying agent will deliver to TDK
Corporation any funds made available to the paying agent which have not been disbursed to holders of InvenSense common stock, and
that any holders of shares who have not complied with the above-described procedures to receive payment of the merger consideration
during such period may thereafter look only to InvenSense (as the surviving corporation in the Merger and a subsidiary of TDK
Corporation) for payment of the merger consideration, without interest, to which they are entitled. Any amounts unclaimed two years
after the effective time of the Merger (or such earlier date, immediately prior to such time when the amounts would otherwise escheat
to or become property of any governmental authority) will become, to the extent permitted by law, the property of InvenSense (as the
surviving corporation in the Merger and a subsidiary of TDK Corporation) free and clear of all claims or any interest or any person
previously entitled thereto.

Effect on Stock Options, RSUs and Shares of Restricted Stock

At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding (i) share of our common stock, other than shares held by InvenSense, TDK
Corporation and their respective subsidiaries (which shares will be cancelled), and shares held by stockholders who have validly
exercised their appraisal rights under Delaware law, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in
cash, without interest; (ii) Vested Option that has an exercise price per share that is less than $13.00 will be canceled and the holder
thereof will receive an amount in cash per share of common stock subject to such Vested Option equal to any excess of (A) $13.00 over
(B) the exercise price per share of such Vested Option, and less applicable tax withholdings and (iii) Vested RSU will be canceled and
the holder thereof will receive an amount in cash per share of common stock subject to the Vested RSU equal to $13.00, less applicable
tax withholdings. All amounts payable with respect to such Vested Options and Vested RSUs will be paid by TDK Corporation or
InvenSense (as the surviving corporation in the Merger and a subsidiary of TDK Corporation) as soon as practicable following the
effective time of the Merger, and in any event in connection with the next payroll payment that is made at least five business days
following the effective time of the Merger. Each Vested Option with an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than $13.00
will be cancelled without any consideration.

Additionally, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding (i) Unvested Option that has an exercise price per share that is
less than $13.00, will be canceled and converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash per share of common
stock subject to such Unvested Option equal to any excess of (A) $13.00 over (B) the exercise price per share of such Unvested Option,
and less applicable tax withholdings, which amount will be payable in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule that would have
applied to such Unvested Option, but only if the holder of such terminated Unvested Option satisfies all of the vesting terms and
conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested Option (including any continued employment requirements through the
applicable date(s) of vesting); (ii) Unvested RSU will be canceled and converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive a
payment in cash per share of common stock subject to the Unvested RSU equal to $13.00, less applicable tax withholdings, which
amount will be payable in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule that would have applied to such Unvested RSU, but only if
the holder of such terminated Unvested RSU satisfies all of the vesting terms and conditions that would have related to the
 

86



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 94/199

Table of Contents

terminated Unvested RSU (including any continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting) and
(iii) unvested share of restricted stock will be cancelled and converted into the right of the holder thereof to receive a payment in cash
equal to $13.00, less applicable tax withholdings, which amount will be payable in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule
that would have applied to such unvested share of restricted stock, but only if the holder of such terminated unvested share of restricted
stock satisfies all of the vesting terms and conditions that would have related to the terminated unvested share of restricted stock
(including any continued employment requirements through the applicable date(s) of vesting). Each Unvested Option (x) with an
exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than $13.00 or (y) that is subject to vesting based on performance criteria that has not
been achieved as of the effective time of the Merger, will be canceled without any consideration.

The equity-based awards held by our non-employee directors, to the extent then unvested, will accelerate and vest upon the
Merger. In connection with the Merger, we entered into letter agreements with Messrs. Abdi, Goehl and Maghsoudnia, which provide
for the accelerated payment immediately following the Merger of a percentage of the deferred cash award attributable to the otherwise
unvested portion of their equity awards (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi), to which they
will become entitled at the effective time of the Merger. Such accelerated payment will proportionately reduce any future payments to
be made to them on the applicable vesting dates with respect to such deferred cash awards. The accelerated payment of a percentage of
such deferred cash awards is effectively the same as accelerated vesting at the time of the Merger of that percentage of the otherwise
unvested portion of their equity awards (limited, however, to unvested shares of restricted stock in the case of Mr. Abdi). For more
information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Letter Agreements.” In the case of our named executive officers, pursuant to their executive
change in control and severance agreements, 100% of the equity awards held by them that will not vest prior to or upon the Merger are
subject to accelerated vesting (on a “double-trigger” basis) in the event of a qualifying termination within 90 days prior to or 18 months
following the Merger (for Mr. Abdi) or within 30 days prior to or 18 months following the Merger (for the other named executive
officers). For more information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests—Executive Change in Control and Severance Agreements.”

Furthermore, under our ESPP, no new offering periods will commence following completion of the offering period in progress as
of the date of the Merger Agreement. The current offering period will terminate in accordance with the terms of the ESPP; except that
we will terminate the current offering period five business days prior to the effective time of the Merger if it has not already terminated.
On termination of the current offering period, each then-outstanding option under the ESPP will be exercised automatically, and we
will terminate the ESPP as of immediately prior to the closing date of the Merger.

Representations and Warranties

The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of InvenSense and TDK Corporation. These representations and
warranties described below and included in the Merger Agreement: (1) were made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and
made solely as of specific dates; (2) were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the Merger Agreement; and (3) are subject to
important qualifications, limitations and supplemental information agreed to by InvenSense and TDK Corporation in connection with
negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement, including information and statements disclosed on Forms 10-K, 10-Q or 8-K filed by
InvenSense with the SEC on or after May 5, 2016 and prior to December 21, 2016 (where the relevance of the information to a
particular representation is reasonably apparent and excluding any disclosures set forth under the headings “Risk Factors,” or “forward-
looking statements,” or disclosures in any other statements that are similarly cautionary or predictive in nature) and as made in a
confidential disclosure schedule that we provided to TDK Corporation in connection with the signing of the Merger Agreement. The
disclosure schedule contains information that has been included in our general prior public disclosures, as well as additional non-public
information. While we do not believe that such disclosure schedule contains information that applicable
 

87



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 95/199

Table of Contents

securities laws require us to disclose publicly (other than information that has already been so disclosed), the disclosure schedule does
contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the representations and warranties set forth in the Merger
Agreement. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from those
generally applicable to reports and documents filed with the SEC. In addition, the representations and warranties may have been
included in the Merger Agreement for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between InvenSense, TDK Corporation and Merger
Subsidiary rather than to establish matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to such parties that differ
from those applicable to investors. Stockholders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not rely on
the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of facts or
condition of InvenSense, TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary or any of their respective affiliates or businesses. Moreover,
information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement.
The representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement are complicated and not easily summarized. You are urged to read
carefully, and in their entirety, the sections of the Merger Agreement captioned “Representations and Warranties of the Company” and
“Representations and Warranties of Parent” in Articles 4 and 5, respectively, of the Merger Agreement attached as Appendix A to this
proxy statement.

The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of InvenSense as to, among other things:
 

 •  corporate existence and power;
 

 •  corporate authorization;
 

 •  governmental authorization;
 

 •  non-contravention;
 

 •  capitalization;
 

 •  subsidiaries;
 

 •  SEC filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act;
 

 •  financial statements;
 

 •  disclosure documents;
 

 •  absence of certain changes;
 

 •  no undisclosed material liabilities;
 

 •  compliance with laws and court orders; permits;
 

 •  litigation;
 

 •  properties;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  taxes;
 

 •  employees and employee benefit plan;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  material contracts;
 

 •  additional payments;
 

 •  customers, distributors and suppliers;
 

 •  insurance;
 

 •  finders’ fees;
 

88



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 96/199

Table of Contents

 •  opinion of financial advisor;
 

 •  government contracts;
 

 •  state takeover statutes;
 

 •  product liability; and
 

 •  data privacy.

In addition, the Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties by TDK Corporation as to:
 

 •  corporate existence and power;
 

 •  corporate authorization;
 

 •  governmental authorization;
 

 •  non-contravention;
 

 •  disclosure documents;
 

 •  litigation;
 

 •  ownership of shares;
 

 •  vote/approval required;
 

 •  sufficiency of funds; and
 

 •  solvency.

Conduct of Business Pending Closing

We have agreed in the Merger Agreement that, except with the prior written consent of TDK Corporation (which consent will not
be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), except for actions expressly required or permitted by the Merger Agreement or set
forth in the disclosure schedule, and except as required by law, from the date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier of the effective
time of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, we will and will cause our subsidiaries to
conduct our business in the ordinary course and substantially in accordance with past practice. Additionally, the Company will, and will
cause its subsidiaries to, use commercially reasonable efforts to: (i) keep available the services of our officers, key employees and
consultants; and (ii) preserve the current relationships with our customers, suppliers and others having significant business
relationships with us.

Additionally, except for matters set forth in the applicable section of the disclosure schedule or as expressly permitted or required
by the Merger Agreement, and except as required by law, or taken with the prior written consent of TDK Corporation (which consent
will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, with respect to certain actions described more fully in the Merger
Agreement), from the date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier of the effective time of the Merger or the termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, neither we nor any of our subsidiaries may:
 

 •  amend our organizational documents, or take any action to exempt any person from the provisions thereof;
 

 

•  split, combine, subdivide, amend the terms of or reclassify any shares of our capital stock, pay any dividend or other
distribution in respect of our capital stock other than dividends by any of our subsidiaries to us or another one of our
subsidiaries or redeem, repurchase or acquire any of our capital stock or the capital stock of our subsidiaries, other than
repurchases of the stock underlying equity awards granted under our stock plans and in connection with the payment of
related taxes, and upon the conversion of our outstanding convertible notes or the exercise of hedging options in accordance
with their terms;

 
89



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 97/199

Table of Contents

 

•  issue, deliver or sell any of our securities or the securities of our subsidiaries other than issuances otherwise permitted by the
Merger Agreement, intra-company transfers and the issuance of shares upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of equity
awards outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement, issuances pursuant to our outstanding convertible notes or related
warrants or materially amend the terms of any of our securities or the securities of our subsidiaries, or enter into any
agreement or arrangement with respect to the sale or voting of our securities, other than confidentiality agreements entered
into in compliance with the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  incur any capital expenditures or related obligations or liabilities other than in accordance with our capital expenditure plan

and an amount, per quarter, not to exceed $1,000,000 million in the aggregate, provided that any items specified in the
capital expenditure plan not incurred in the designated quarter may be incurred in future quarters;

 

 

•  sell, transfer, assign, lease, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its intellectual property rights, material
properties or assets to any person other than intercompany sales of inventory, sales of inventory or of obsolete equipment in
the ordinary course of business, or pursuant to written contracts or commitments existing as of the date of the Merger
Agreement, or sales, transfers or dispositions of tangible assets in the ordinary course of business in transactions involving
an aggregate amount of less than $5,000,000; or

 

 •  cancel, release or assign any indebtedness owed to it or any claims held by it against any person;
 

 
•  make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person, other than those to our subsidiaries

and the advancement of travel or business expenses to employees, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice;

 

 
•  incur or otherwise become liable with respect to any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantees thereof or sell any debt

securities (or rights to acquire debt securities), other than unsecured debt that is equal to or less than $1,000,000 in the
aggregate and prepayble without penalty, or incur any lien, except for certain permitted liens;

 

 

•  enter into any contract that would constitute a material contract if it were in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement, or
terminate, release, assign, materially amend, extend or otherwise modify or waive any of the terms of any existing material
contract other than (i) as permitted by the applicable provisions of the Merger Agreement and (ii) as to certain contracts, in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

 

 

•  except as set forth on the applicable section of the disclosure schedule, or except as required by law, the Merger Agreement,
or any employee plan, (i) take any action with respect to, adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any employee plan, or
collective bargaining agreement, or make or implement any increase in compensation; (ii) grant any awards under any
bonus, incentive, performance or other compensation or benefit plan; (iii) hire any service provider at the level of vice
president or above (or promote into such level), with certain exceptions; (iv) hire or promote any service provider to a level
below vice president except in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or (v) terminate, other than for
cause, the service of any service provider at the level of vice president or above or who participates in the Company’s bonus
plan established for top 20% employees;

 

 
•  change our methods of accounting, except as required by concurrent changes in generally accepted accounting principles or

applicable law or regulations, as agreed to by our independent public accountants;
 

 

•  settle, or offer to settle any litigation or other claim involving us or our subsidiaries, other than settlements under a certain
threshold that do not impose any restriction on our or our subsidiary’s business, do not include any admission of liability by
us or any of our subsidiaries, do not relate to any litigation by our stockholders in connection with the Merger Agreement or
the Merger and which include a full release of claims;

 
90



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 98/199

Table of Contents

 
•  adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other

reorganization;
 

 
•  acquire any other business or any material assets, deposits or properties or make any material investment either by purchase

of stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers or purchase of property or assets, except for intercompany
investments;

 

 

•  cancel, permit to lapse, abandon, fail to prosecute, or fail to renew or maintain any material intellectual property rights of the
Company or our subsidiaries, or disclose to any third party any material trade secret included in ours or any of our
subsidiary’s intellectual property in a way that results in loss of trade secret protection that is material to the operation of our
business; or

 

 •  agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

The covenants in the Merger Agreement relating to the conduct of our business are complicated and not easily summarized. You
are urged to read carefully and in its entirety Section 6.01 captioned “Conduct of the Company” of the Merger Agreement in Appendix
A to this proxy statement. You should not rely on the covenants in the Merger Agreement as actual limitations on the respective
businesses of InvenSense, TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary, because the parties may take certain actions that are either expressly
permitted in the confidential disclosure schedule to the Merger Agreement or as otherwise consented to by the appropriate party, which
consent may be given without prior notice to the public.

No Solicitation; Other Offers

We have agreed in the Merger Agreement, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the effective time (or termination of the
Merger Agreement, if applicable) to certain limitations on our ability to take action with respect to alternative acquisition transactions.
Except as set forth below, we have agreed to not, and to cause our subsidiaries and our and our subsidiaries’ respective officers,
directors, employees, affiliates, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors or representatives not to, directly or
indirectly:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement

of any inquiry, proposal or offer (including any inquiry, proposal or offer to our stockholders) which constitutes or would be
reasonably expected to lead to any “Acquisition Proposal” (as defined below);

 

 

•  enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any information relating to the Company or any of
our subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of our
subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by
any third party that is reasonably expected to make, or is otherwise seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal;
(other than, solely in response to an unsolicited inquiry, to refer the inquiring third party to the applicable section of the
Merger Agreement relating to offers for alternative acquisition transactions and to limit our conversation or other
communication exclusively to such referral);

 

 
•  publicly propose to or otherwise change, withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify (in a manner adverse to TDK Corporation or

Merger Subsidiary) a recommendation to our stockholders to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  fail to include a recommendation to our stockholders to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement in this proxy statement

when mailed;
 

 
•  adopt, approve or recommend to our stockholders, or resolve to or publicly propose or announce our intention to adopt,

approve or recommend to our stockholders, an Acquisition Proposal or any transaction whereby any third party would
become an “interested stockholder” under Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law;

 
91



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 99/199

Table of Contents

 
•  if a tender or exchange offer that constitutes an acquisition proposal is commenced, fail to publicly recommend against

acceptance of such tender or exchange offer within ten business days;
 

 
•  fail to publicly reaffirm our recommendation to our stockholders that they approve and adopt the Merger Agreement within

ten business days after TDK Corporation so requests in writing following the public announcement of an acquisition
proposal (this and any of the foregoing four bullet points, an “Adverse Recommendation Change”);

 

 
•  fail to enforce or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of our equity

securities or the equity securities of any of our subsidiaries, subject to limited exceptions described in further detail below; or
 

 
•  approve, adopt, recommend or enter into, or propose to approve, adopt, recommend or enter into any agreement in principle,

letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar instrument relating to
an Acquisition Proposal (whether binding or nonbinding).

Notwithstanding these limitations, the Merger Agreement provides that we are not prohibited from contacting in writing any
person who, following the date of the Merger Agreement, makes an unsolicited acquisition proposal with such contact being for the
sole purpose of clarifying the terms and conditions thereof so as to determine whether such acquisition proposal constitutes, or could
reasonably be expected to lead to, a “Superior Proposal” (as defined below). Further, the Merger Agreement provides that, at any time
prior to obtaining the requisite stockholder vote for adoption of the Merger Agreement:
 

 

•  if the Company receives a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition proposal from a third party not as a result of a breach of
our non-solicitation obligations, and our Board of Directors determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisor and outside legal counsel) that it does constitute a Superior Proposal (as defined below), or would reasonably be
expected to lead to, a superior proposal, we may directly, or through our representatives, engage in negotiations or
discussions with the third party making such Acquisition Proposal (and its representatives), and furnish non-public
information about the Company and our subsidiaries pursuant to confidentiality agreements with such third party with terms
in all material respects no less favorable to us than those contained in our confidentiality agreement with TDK Corporation;
provided that we provide a copy of such confidentiality agreement to TDK Corporation and all such information is provided
to TDK Corporation (to the extent such information has not been previously provided or made available to TDK
Corporation) prior to or substantially concurrently with the time it is provided to such third party;

 

 

•  subject to our compliance with certain of our non-solicitation obligations, our Board of Directors may make an Adverse
Recommendation Change following receipt of a Superior Proposal or in response to an “Intervening Event” (as defined
below), but only if our Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisor and its
outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Delaware law;
and

 

 

•  subject to our compliance with certain of our non-solicitation obligations, we may terminate the Merger Agreement to enter
into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal, but only if our Board of Directors determines in good faith,
after consultation with its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be
inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Delaware law.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, our Board of Directors cannot take any of the actions set forth in the above three
bullet points unless we have delivered to TDK Corporation a prior written notice that we intend to take such action, and, after taking
such action, we have advised TDK Corporation on a prompt basis of the status and terms of any discussions and negotiations with the
third party. In addition, we are required to notify TDK Corporation promptly after receipt of any Acquisition Proposal or request for
information relating to the Company or any of our subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the
 

92



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 100/199

Table of Contents

Company or any of our subsidiaries by any third party that has made, or that is reasonably likely to make, an Acquisition Proposal. The
Merger Agreement requires that we will provide such notice orally and in writing and will identify the third party making, and the
financial and other material terms and conditions of, any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. We are also obligated to
keep TDK Corporation fully informed of the status and material terms of any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request, and are
required to promptly provide to TDK Corporation copies of all correspondence and other written materials that describes any financial
or other material terms or conditions of any Acquisition Proposal. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, any material amendment to any
Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a new Acquisition Proposal for purposes of our compliance with these requirements.

Our Board of Directors is prohibited from making an Adverse Recommendation Change (and we are prevented from terminating
the Merger Agreement in certain instances) unless (A) we have notified TDK Corporation in writing at least five business days before
taking that action (the “Negotiation Period”), of our intention to do so, attaching, in the event of a Superior Proposal, the most current
versions of the proposed transaction documents relating to the Superior Proposal (including a copy of any financing commitments) and
the identity of the third party making the Acquisition Proposal, or, in the case of an Intervening Event, a reasonably detailed description
of the reasons for making such Adverse Recommendation Change, and (B) following the end of the Negotiation Period, our Board of
Directors will have considered in good faith any revisions to the terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by TDK
Corporation, and will have determined, after due consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel that TDK Corporation
did not timely make an offer which, in the event of a Superior Proposal, is at least as favorable to our stockholders from a financial
point of view as the Superior Proposal, or, in the case of an Intervening Event, obviated the need for a recommendation change. In the
event there is any modification to the financial or other material terms of any such Superior Proposal (including any modification in the
amount, form or mix of consideration proposed to be payable to our stockholders pursuant to such Superior Proposal), we must provide
TDK Corporation with a notice of such modification and such Superior Proposal will be deemed a new Superior Proposal to which the
above requirements will apply, except that the Negotiation Period will be a three business day period rather than a five business day
period (except that in no event will the Negotiation Period expire earlier than any Negotiation Period then in effect would have
expired).

Under the Merger Agreement, an “Acquisition Proposal” means, any offer, proposal or inquiry relating to, or any third party
indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of (A) 20% or more of the consolidated assets of the
Company and our subsidiaries or (B) 20% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company, (ii) any tender offer
(including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such third party beneficially owning 20% or
more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination,
reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture or other similar transaction involving the Company or any of our
subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company.

Under the Merger Agreement, a “Superior Proposal” means a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal obtained after the date of the
Merger Agreement that is not subject to any due diligence investigation, does not require a closing condition that the third party has
obtained financing or that committed financing actually be funded, and, with respect to any cash consideration, is fully financed with
available cash on hand or binding written financing commitments in full force and effect, or a combination of the foregoing, that our
Board of Directors determines in good faith, after considering the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and
outside legal counsel, taking into account the identity of the third party making such Acquisition Proposal, all terms of such
Acquisition Proposal that our Board of Directors deems relevant (including any termination or break-up fees and conditions to
consummation) and the reasonable likelihood and timing of consummation of such Acquisition Proposal, would be more favorable
from a financial point of view to the Company’s stockholders (in their capacity as such) than the Merger (taking into account any
proposal by TDK Corporation to amend the terms of the Merger Agreement); provided that for purposes of this definition, all
references to “20%” in the definition of “Acquisition Proposal” will be deemed to be “80%.”
 

93



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 101/199

Table of Contents

Under the Merger Agreement, an “Intervening Event” means any material change, event, occurrence or development that occurs,
arises or becomes known to our Board of Directors after the date of this Agreement and prior to obtaining the requisite vote of our
stockholders, to the extent that such change, event, occurrence or development was unknown to our Board of Directors and was not
reasonably foreseeable, in each case, as of the date of the Merger Agreement; provided that the receipt by the Company, the existence
or the terms of an Acquisition Proposal or a Superior Proposal will not, in any event, be deemed to constitute an Intervening Event.

As of the Merger Agreement date, we were obligated, and our subsidiaries and representatives were obligated, to cease and
terminate any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any, with any third party conducted prior to the date of the
Merger Agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal and request return or destruction of information we may have provided to
such third party or its representatives. Nothing in the Merger Agreement prohibits our Board of Directors from (i) complying with its
disclosure obligations under law with regards to an acquisition proposal, including taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14d-9, 14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A under the Exchange Act, (ii) making any
“stop-look-and-listen” communication to our stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act or
(iii) making any disclosures to our stockholders that is required by law.

Other Covenants

The Merger Agreement contains a number of other covenants on the part of the parties, including covenants relating to:
 

 •  preparation of this proxy statement and conduct of our stockholders’ meeting;
 

 •  TDK Corporation’s access to our information prior to the effective date of the Merger;
 

 
•  providing notice to TDK Corporation of, and allowing TDK Corporation the right to review and comment in advance on

filings and responses to be made in connection with, and the right to consult on any settlement with respect to, any
stockholder litigation;

 

 •  complying with our obligations under our indenture with Wells Fargo Bank;
 

 •  certain tax matters;
 

 •  indemnification of our directors and officers;
 

 •  employment matters, crediting of service, our 401(k) plans, and our ESPP;
 

 
•  the use of commercially reasonable efforts to consummate the transaction contemplated in the Merger Agreement, including

the filing of certain regulatory notices and applications;
 

 •  public announcements regarding the Merger;
 

 •  notices of certain events;
 

 •  approvals under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act;
 

 •  stock exchange de-listing and Exchange Act deregistration;
 

 •  compliance with anti-takeover laws; and
 

 •  director resignations.

Conditions to the Merger

The Merger Agreement provides that the parties’ obligations to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if
permissible under law) of the following conditions:
 

 •  adoption of the Merger Agreement by the requisite vote of our stockholders;
 

94



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 102/199

Table of Contents

 
•  no law being in effect that temporarily or permanently makes the consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise

prohibited;
 

 
•  the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting periods (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act or any other

antitrust laws; and
 

 •  clearance by CFIUS.

The Merger Agreement provides that the obligations of TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger are
subject to, among others, the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under law) of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  we must have performed or complied with in all material respects all of our obligations and covenants under the Merger

Agreement;
 

 
•  certain of our representations and warranties as to our capitalization will be true as of the date of the Merger Agreement and

as of the effective time, other than with respect to de minimis inaccuracies;
 

 

•  certain of our representations and warranties as to our corporate existence and power, corporate authority, governmental
authorizations, capitalization and finders’ fees must be true and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Merger
Agreement and as of the effective time, disregarding all other materiality and material adverse effect qualifications contained
therein;

 

 

•  the remainder of our representations and warranties must be true as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the
effective time, disregarding all other materiality and material adverse effect qualifications contained therein, with only such
exceptions as have not had and would not reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate to have a material adverse
effect on the Company;

 

 
•  since the date of the Merger Agreement, we must have not had any event, occurrence, revelation or development of a state of

circumstances or facts which, individually or in the aggregate has had or would reasonably be expected to have a “material
adverse effect” (as defined below) on the Company; and

 

 
•  the Company will have provided to TDK Corporation a certification that complies with the requirements of Treasury

Regulation Sections 1.897-2(h) and 1.1445-2(c)(3).

The Merger Agreement also provides that our obligation to consummate the Merger is subject to, among others, the satisfaction
(or waiver, if permissible under law) of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  TDK Corporation and Merger Subsidiary must have performed or complied with, in all material respects all of their

obligations and covenants under the Merger Agreement; and
 

 
•  their representations and warranties must be true and correct as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of the effective

time, disregarding all materiality qualifications contained therein, with only such exceptions as have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on TDK Corporation;

The Merger Agreement provides that a “material adverse effect,” as it relates to the Company and our subsidiaries means any
event, occurrence, condition, state of facts, circumstances, change or effect that has had or would reasonably be expect to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of
the Company and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole or would prevent the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, provided that the following will not be taken into account in determining the existence of a
“material adverse effect”:
 

 
•  general changes or developments in the economy or the financial, debt, capital, credit or securities markets in which the

Company or any of our subsidiaries has material operations, including as a result of changes in geopolitical conditions;
 

95



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 103/199

Table of Contents

 •  general changes or developments in the industries in which the Company or our subsidiaries operate;
 

 

•  changes resulting from the public announcement of the Merger Agreement or pendency of the Merger arising from the
identity of the TDK Corporation or its affiliates; provided that the foregoing will not apply to any representation or warranty
or any condition to the consummation of the Merger that by its terms addresses the consequences of the announcement or
pendency of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the representation and warranty concerning
non-contravention);

 

 
•  changes in any applicable laws or regulations or applicable accounting regulations or principles or interpretation or

enforcement thereof;
 

 
•  any hurricane, tornado, earthquake, flood, tsunami, natural disaster, act of God or other comparable events or outbreak or

escalation of hostilities or war (whether or not declared), military actions or any act of sabotage or terrorism, or national or
international political or social conditions;

 

 

•  any decline in the market price or trading volume of our common stock or the credit rating of the Company (provided, that
the facts, circumstances, developments, events, changes, effects or occurrences giving rise to or contributing to such decline
may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or would reasonably be
expected to be, a material adverse effect);

 

 
•  any claim or legal proceedings made or brought by any of the current or former stockholders of the Company against the

Company or its directors for breaches of fiduciary duties or as class action claims arising out of the Merger or in connection
with any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; or

 

 

•  any failure by the Company to meet any published analyst estimates or expectations of the Company’s revenue, earnings or
other financial performance or results of operations for any period, in and of itself, or any failure by the Company to meet its
internal or published projections, budgets, plans or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial performance or
results of operations (provided, that the facts, circumstances, developments, events, changes, effects or occurrences giving
rise to or contributing to such failure or decline may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining
whether there has been or would reasonably be expected to, a material adverse effect).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent the effects described in any of the first, second and fourth items described in the
above bullet points disproportionately affect the Company and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole, in any material respect relative to
other companies of comparable size in the same industries and geographies in which the Company and our subsidiaries operate, only
the incremental disproportionate impact will be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Company material adverse
effect.

The Merger Agreement provides that a “material adverse effect,” as it relates to TDK Corporation, any event, occurrence,
condition, state of facts, circumstances, change or effect that would prevent the ability of TDK Corporation to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time,
notwithstanding any approval of our stockholders of the Merger:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of InvenSense and TDK Corporation;
 

 •  by either InvenSense or TDK Corporation, if:
 

 
•  the Merger has not been consummated on or before 11:59 p.m. (Pacific time) on June 21, 2017 (the “End Date”),

provided, however, that the End Date will be extended to September 21, 2017 if, on June 21, 2017 the necessary
antitrust approvals and CFIUS clearance have not been obtained

 
96



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 104/199

Table of Contents

 
and all other closing conditions have been satisfied (or are capable of being satisfied at closing), provided further that
this right to terminate the Merger Agreement is not available to any party whose breach of the Agreement causes or
results in the failure of the Merger to be consummated by the End Date;

 

 
•  there is any law that makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited, or enjoins InvenSense or

TDK Corporation from consummating the Merger, and such injunction is final and nonappealable;
 

 •  there has been a CFIUS Turndown; or
 

 •  our stockholders fail to approve the Merger Agreement at the stockholder meeting.
 

 •  by TDK Corporation if:
 

 
•  an Adverse Recommendation Change has occurred or we have intentionally breached the non-solicitation provisions

in any material respect; or
 

 

•  we have breached any representation or warranty or failed to perform any covenant or agreement, the result of which
is that the closing condition with respect to our representations and warranties and covenants cannot be met by the
earlier of the End Date and the date that is 30 days following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach
or failure, provided that TDK Corporation will not have this termination right if TDK Corporation or Merger
Subsidiary is in material breach of its obligations under the Merger Agreement.

 

 •  by InvenSense if:
 

 

•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by our stockholders, our Board of Directors makes an Adverse
Recommendation Change in compliance with the terms of the Merger Agreement in order to enter into an agreement
with respect to a Superior Proposal and we concurrently enter into a definitive written agreement concerning such
Superior Proposal (see above under “—No Solicitation; Other Offers”), provided that we pay to TDK Corporation the
related termination fee (see below under “—Termination Fees”); or

 

 

•  TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary have breached any representation or warranty or failed to perform any
covenant or agreement, the result of which is that the closing condition with respect to TDK Corporation’s
representations and warranties and covenants cannot be met by the earlier of the End Date and the date that is 30 days
following receipt by the TDK Corporation of written notice of such breach or failure, provided that we will not have
this termination right if we are in material breach of our obligations under the Merger Agreement.

Termination Fees

InvenSense must pay to TDK Corporation a termination fee of $46,700,000 if any of the following occur:
 

 
•  The Merger Agreement is terminated by TDK Corporation because an Adverse Recommendation Change has occurred or

the Company has intentionally breached any of its obligations under the non-solicitation provisions of the Merger
Agreement in any material respect;

 

 
•  We terminate the Merger Agreement because our Board of Directors has made an Adverse Recommendation Change in

connection with concurrently entering into a definitive agreement concerning a Superior Proposal;
 

 

•  If any party has terminated the Merger Agreement because the Merger has not been consummated before the End Date, and
prior to such termination an Acquisition Proposal was publicly announced, and within 12 months of the termination we enter
into a definitive agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any Acquisition Proposal is consummated (whether
or not it is the same Acquisition Proposal as that announced prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement); provided

 
97



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 105/199

Table of Contents

 
for the purpose of this section, each reference to “20%” in the definition of Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a
reference to “50%”;

 

 

•  If any party has terminated the Merger Agreement because our stockholders failed to approve the Merger and prior to the
stockholder meeting an Acquisition Proposal was publicly announced, and within 12 months of the termination we enter into
a definitive agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any Acquisition Proposal is consummated (whether or not
it is the same Acquisition Proposal as that announced prior to the termination of the Merger Agreement); provided for the
purpose of this section, each reference to “20%” in the definition of Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a reference to
“50%.”

TDK Corporation must pay InvenSense a termination fee of $46,700,000 if any of the following occur:
 

 
•  If any party has terminated the Merger Agreement because the Merger has not been consummated by the End Date, and at

the End Date, all conditions to TDK Corporation’s obligations to consummate the Merger, other than those relating to
obtaining the necessary antitrust approvals and CFIUS clearance, have been satisfied; or

 

 

•  If any party has terminated the Merger Agreement because an antitrust law makes the consummation of the Merger illegal or
otherwise prohibits the Merger or enjoins InvenSense or TDK Corporation from consummating the Merger and such
injunction becomes final and nonappealable, or there has been a CFIUS Turndown, and at the termination date all other
conditions precedent to TDK Corporation’s obligations to consummate the Merger, other than those relating to obtaining the
necessary antitrust approvals and CFIUS clearance, would have been capable of being satisfied if the Closing Date were the
date the notice of termination was delivered.

Amendment and Waiver

Any provision of the Merger Agreement may be amended, supplemented or waived prior to the effective time if such amendment,
supplement or waiver is in writing and is signed, in the case of an amendment, by each party to the Merger Agreement or, in the case of
a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to be effective; provided that after the Merger Agreement has been approved by our
stockholders, there will be no amendment that by applicable law requires further approval by our stockholders without the further
approval of such stockholders having first been obtained.

Assignment

No party may assign any of its rights or obligations under the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of each other
party thereto, except that TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary may assign its rights and obligations, in whole or from time to time in
part, (i) by written notice to InvenSense, to a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of TDK Corporation, provided that the
assignment does not materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement or otherwise materially impair the rights of InvenSense under the Merger Agreement and (ii) after the effective time
of the Merger, to any third party, provided that the assignment will not relieve TDK Corporation or Merger Subsidiary of its obligations
under the Merger Agreement or enlarge, alter or change any obligation of any other party to the Merger Agreement or due to TDK
Corporation or Merger Subsidiary.

Governing Law

The Merger Agreement and the Merger are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might
otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws. All legal proceedings arising out of or relating to the Merger
Agreement or the Merger must be heard and determined in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, and the parties irrevocably
submitted to the jurisdiction of such court (and, in the case
 

98



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 106/199

Table of Contents

of appeals, the appropriate appellate court therefrom), in any such legal proceeding and irrevocably waived the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such legal proceeding. The parties agreed that a final judgment in any such legal
proceeding will be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by
applicable law.
 

99



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 107/199

Table of Contents

THE VOTING AGREEMENTS

The following is a summary of selected material terms and provisions of the Voting Agreements. This summary does not purport
to be complete and may not contain all of the information about the Voting Agreements that may be important to you. This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the form of Voting Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix D,
and which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the form of Voting Agreement carefully and
in its entirety.

Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, our directors, executive officers and certain stockholders in their
capacities as holders of common stock or other equity interests of InvenSense (the “Voting Group”), each entered into a Voting
Agreement with TDK Corporation. As of the Record Date, the Voting Group collectively beneficially owned approximately 14.3% of
the outstanding shares of our common stock on an as-converted basis.

Voting Provisions

Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, members of the Voting Group have agreed to appear at each meeting of stockholders or
otherwise cause all of their shares of our common stock held of record or beneficially owned, whether currently issued and outstanding
or acquired after the date of the Voting Agreement, without limitation, including by the exercising or the vesting of any stock options,
RSUs or restricted stock held of record or beneficially owned (collectively, the “Stockholder Shares”), as present thereat for purposes
of calculating a quorum. Subject to the terms and conditions contained in the Voting Agreement, members of the Voting Group have
agreed to vote all of their Stockholder Shares in the following manner:
 

 
•  in favor of the Merger, the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and any other

matters reasonably relating to the consummation or facilitation of, or otherwise in furtherance of, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone any meeting of our stockholders to a later date if there are not sufficient

votes to adopt the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  against any Acquisition Proposal; and
 

 

•  against any other action, proposal, agreement, transaction or arrangement submitted for approval of our stockholders that is
intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere or be inconsistent with, delay, postpone, discourage or
adversely affect the consummation of the Merger, including, without limitation, any extraordinary transaction, Merger,
consolidation, sale of assets, recapitalization or other business combination involving InvenSense or any other action,
agreement, arrangement that could reasonably be expected to result in a material breach of any covenant, representation or
warranty or any other obligation or agreement of InvenSense under the Merger Agreement or that could reasonably be
expected to result in any of the conditions to the obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or satisfied.

Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, members of the Voting Group have agreed to waive any rights of appraisal or rights to dissent
from the Merger (including under Section 262).

Restrictions on Transfer; Other Actions

Under the Voting Agreement, the Voting Group have covenanted and agreed that, except as contemplated by the Voting
Agreement, each will not:
 

 
•  sell, pledge, encumber, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its Stockholder Shares or any interest in its

Stockholder Shares (other than any pledge or encumbrance currently in existence);
 

100



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 108/199

Table of Contents

 
•  grant any proxies or powers of attorney, deposit any Stockholder Shares into a voting trust or enter into a Voting Agreement

with respect to any Stockholder Shares; or
 

 
•  enter into any contract with respect to or otherwise agree to the direct or indirect acquisition or sale, pledge, encumbrance,

assignment, transfer or other disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to hedging,
cash settlement or otherwise) of any of its Stockholder Shares.

The Voting Agreements permit the transfer of Stockholder Shares by members of the Voting Group, if the member is an
individual, to immediate family members, heirs, or charitable entities, and if the member is not a natural person, to an affiliate
controlled or under common control with such member, in both cases, only if, as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of such
transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing, satisfactory in form and substance to TDK Corporation, to be bound by all of the terms of
the Voting Agreement.

Non-Solicitation

Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, each member of the Voting Group has also covenanted and agreed as follows that prior to the
termination of the Voting Agreement, such stockholder (solely in his, her, or its capacity as a stockholder and in no other capacity) will
not, and will not authorize or permit any of its subsidiaries or its officers, directors, managers, partners or members, employees, agents,
consultants, or representatives, directly or indirectly, to:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement

of any inquiry, proposal or offer (including any inquiry, proposal or offer to our stockholders) which constitutes or would be
reasonably expected to lead to any Acquisition Proposal; or

 

 

•  enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any information relating to InvenSense or its
subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of InvenSense or its subsidiaries to,
otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by any third party
that is reasonably expected to make, or is otherwise seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal.

Representations and Warranties

The Voting Agreements contain representations and warranties of the members of the Voting Group as to:
 

 •  authorization; binding agreement;
 

 •  no conflict; required filings and consents;
 

 •  litigation;
 

 •  title to Stockholder Shares; and
 

 •  acknowledgement of the Merger Agreement.

Other Covenants

The Voting Agreements other covenants on the part of the members of the Voting Group, including covenants relating to:
 

 •  further assurances;
 

 •  no inconsistent agreements;
 

 •  public announcements;
 

101



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 109/199

Table of Contents

 •  fiduciary duties; and
 

 •  additional purchases.

Termination

The Voting Agreements and the obligations of the members of the Voting Group thereunder will terminate upon the earliest to
occur of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (b) the effective time of the Merger, (c) the end date
specified in the Merger Agreement and (d) such time as the Merger Agreement is amended to change the form or reduce the amount of
the consideration to be paid pursuant thereto.
 

102



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 110/199

Table of Contents

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

If the Merger is consummated, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement and
who properly demand appraisal of their shares of InvenSense’s common stock will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the
Merger under Section 262 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (“Section 262”).

The following discussion is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under the Delaware General
Corporation Law and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix C
and incorporated herein by reference. The following summary does not constitute any legal or other advice and does not constitute a
recommendation that InvenSense stockholders exercise their appraisal rights under Section 262. Only a holder of record of shares of
common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares registered in that holder’s name. A person having a beneficial
interest in shares of common stock held of record in the name of another person, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, must act
promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized below properly and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.
If you hold your shares of our common stock through a bank, broker or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal
rights, you should consult with your bank, broker or the other nominee.

Under Section 262, holders of shares of common stock who (1) do not vote in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger
Agreement; (2) continuously are the record holders of such shares through the effective time; and (3) otherwise comply with the
procedures set forth in Section 262 will be entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive
payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares of common stock as determined by such appraisal, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest to be paid on the amount determined to be fair
value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery.

Under Section 262, where a merger agreement is to be submitted for adoption and approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders of record as of the record date for notice of
such meeting with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available that appraisal rights are available and include in the notice a
copy of Section 262. This proxy statement constitutes InvenSense’s notice to its stockholders that appraisal rights are available in
connection with the Merger, and the full text of Section 262 is attached to this proxy statement as Appendix C. In connection with the
Merger, any holder of shares of common stock who wishes to exercise appraisal rights, or who wishes to preserve such holder’s right to
do so, should review the following discussion and Appendix C carefully. Failure to strictly comply with the requirements of
Section 262 in a timely and proper manner will result in the loss of appraisal rights under Section 262. A stockholder who loses his, her
or its appraisal rights will be entitled to receive the merger consideration described in the Merger Agreement. Moreover, because of the
complexity of the procedures for exercising the right to seek appraisal of shares of common stock, InvenSense believes that if a
stockholder considers exercising such rights, that stockholder should seek the advice of legal counsel.

Stockholders wishing to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares of common stock must do ALL of the following:
 

 •  the stockholder must not vote in favor of the Merger Proposal;
 

 
•  the stockholder must deliver to InvenSense a written demand for appraisal before the vote on the Merger Proposal at the

special meeting;
 

 
•  the stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making the demand through the effective time of the

Merger (a stockholder will lose appraisal rights if the stockholder transfers the shares before the effective time of the
Merger); and

 

 
•  a stockholder or the surviving company (or any other stockholder that has properly demanded appraisal rights and is

otherwise entitled to appraisal rights) must file a petition in the Delaware Court of
 

103



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 111/199

Table of Contents

 

Chancery requesting a determination of the fair value of the shares within 120 days after the effective time. The surviving
company is under no obligation to file any petition and has no intention of doing so. Accordingly, it is the obligation of
InvenSense stockholders to initiate all necessary action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of shares of InvenSense
common stock within the time prescribed by Section 262.

Because a proxy that is signed and submitted but does not otherwise contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in
favor of the Merger Proposal, a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to exercise appraisal rights must instruct the proxy to
vote his, hers or its shares against the approval of the Merger Proposal, or abstain or not vote his, hers or its shares on the approval of
the Merger Proposal.

Filing Written Demand

Any holder of shares of common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must deliver to InvenSense, before the vote on the
adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement at the special meeting at which the Merger Agreement proposal will be submitted to
the stockholders, a written demand for the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares, and that stockholder must not vote or submit a proxy
in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement. A holder of shares of common stock exercising appraisal rights must
be the stockholder of record on the date the written demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold the shares of record
through the effective time. A proxy that is signed and submitted but does not otherwise contain voting instructions will, unless revoked,
be voted in favor of the Merger Proposal, and it will constitute a waiver of the stockholder’s right of appraisal and will nullify any
previously delivered written demand for appraisal. Therefore, a stockholder who submits a proxy and who wishes to exercise appraisal
rights must submit a proxy containing instructions to vote against the Merger Proposal or abstain from voting on the Merger Proposal.
Neither voting in person, or by proxy, against the approval of the Merger Proposal nor abstaining from voting or failing to vote on the
approval of the Merger Proposal will, in and of itself, constitute a written demand for appraisal satisfying the requirements of
Section 262. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote on approval of the Merger
Proposal. A proxy or vote against the approval of the Merger Proposal will not constitute a demand. A stockholder’s failure to make
the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the approval of the Merger Proposal at the special meeting will constitute a waiver
of appraisal rights.

Only a stockholder of record is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares registered in that holder’s name. A demand for
appraisal in respect of shares of common stock must be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record, and must reasonably inform
InvenSense of the identity of the stockholder and state that the stockholder intends thereby to demand appraisal of the holder’s
common stock in connection with the Merger. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or
custodian, such demand must be executed by or on behalf of the record owner, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one
person, such as in a joint tenancy or a tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all joint owners. An
authorized agent, including an authorized agent for two or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder
of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose that, in executing the demand, the agent
is acting as agent for the record owner or owners.

STOCKHOLDERS WHO HOLD THEIR SHARES IN BROKER OR BANK ACCOUNTS OR OTHER NOMINEE FORMS
AND WHO WISH TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR BANK, BROKER OR OTHER
NOMINEES, AS APPLICABLE, TO DETERMINE THE APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR THE BANK, BROKER OR OTHER
NOMINEE TO MAKE A DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL OF THOSE SHARES. A PERSON HAVING A BENEFICIAL INTEREST
IN SHARES HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A BANK, BROKER OR OTHER
NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY
MANNER THE STEPS NECESSARY TO PERFECT APPRAISAL RIGHTS.
 

104



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 112/199

Table of Contents

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 should be executed as set forth above and mailed or delivered to:

InvenSense, Inc.
1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200

San Jose, California
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Any holder of shares of common stock may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and accept the consideration offered pursuant
to the Merger Agreement by delivering to InvenSense a written withdrawal of the demand for appraisal. However, any such attempt to
withdraw the demand made more than 60 days after the effective time will require written approval of the surviving corporation.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed without the approval of
the Delaware Court of Chancery, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems
just; provided, however, that this will not affect the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined
that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the merger consideration within
60 days after the effective time of the Merger.

Notice by the Surviving Corporation

If the Merger is completed, within ten days after the effective time of the Merger, the surviving corporation will give written
notice to each holder of shares of common stock who has made a written demand for appraisal pursuant to Section 262, and who has
not voted in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger Agreement, that the Merger has become effective and the effective date
thereof.

Filing a Petition for Appraisal

Within 120 days after the effective time of the Merger, but not thereafter, the surviving corporation or any holder of shares of
common stock who has complied with the requirements of Section 262 and is entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262 may
commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served on the surviving
corporation in the case of a petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares held by all
stockholders entitled to appraisal. If a stockholder does not file a petition for appraisal in a timely manner, then such stockholder’s right
to an appraisal will cease. The surviving corporation is under no obligation, and has no present intention, to file a petition, and holders
should not assume that the surviving corporation will file a petition or initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of the
shares of common stock. Accordingly, any holders of shares of common stock who desire to have their shares appraised should initiate
all necessary petitions to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of their shares of common stock within the time periods and in the
manner prescribed in Section 262. The failure of a holder of common stock to file such a petition within the period specified in
Section 262 could nullify the stockholder’s previous written demand for appraisal.

Within 120 days after the effective time of the Merger, any holder of shares of common stock who has complied with the
requirements of Section 262 for exercise of appraisal rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the surviving
corporation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption and approval of the Merger
Agreement and with respect to which InvenSense has received demands for appraisal, and the aggregate number of holders of such
shares. The surviving corporation must mail this statement to the requesting stockholder within the later of ten days after receipt by the
surviving corporation of the written request therefor and ten days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands for
appraisal. A beneficial owner of shares held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own
name, file a petition seeking appraisal or request to receive the foregoing statements from the surviving corporation. As noted above,
however, the demand for appraisal can only be made by a stockholder of record.
 

105



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 113/199

Table of Contents

If a petition for an appraisal is duly filed by a holder of record of shares of InvenSense’s common stock and a copy thereof is
served upon the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days after such service to file with the
Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached. After notice to the
stockholders as required by the court, the Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition to determine
those stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights thereunder. The Delaware
Court of Chancery may require the stockholders who demanded payment for their shares to submit their stock certificates to the
Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the
direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss that stockholder from the proceedings.

Given that immediately before the Merger the shares of InvenSense’s common stock as to which appraisal rights are available
were listed on a national securities exchange and the Merger is not approved under Sections 253 or 267 of the Delaware General
Corporation Law, the Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss the appraisal proceedings as to all holders of shares of common stock
who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (a) the total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding
shares of common stock eligible for appraisal, or (b) the value of the consideration provided in the Merger for such total number of
shares exceeds $1 million.

After the Delaware Court of Chancery determines the holders of common stock entitled to appraisal, the appraisal proceeding will
be conducted in accordance with the rules of the Delaware Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal
proceedings. Through such proceeding, the Delaware Court of Chancery will appraise the “fair value” of the shares of common stock,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest, if any, to be
paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery will take into account
all relevant factors. Unless the court in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest from the effective date of the
Merger through the date of payment of the judgment will be compounded quarterly and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve
discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the effective date of the Merger and
the date of payment of the judgment. In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Supreme Court of Delaware discussed the factors that could be
considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are
generally considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court” should be considered, and that “[f]air
price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company.” The Delaware Supreme Court stated
that, in making this determination of fair value, the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the
nature of the enterprise and any other facts that could be ascertained as of the date of the Merger that throw any light on future
prospects of the merged corporation. Section 262 provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such
exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative
elements of value arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Supreme Court of Delaware also stated that
“elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the Merger
and not the product of speculation, may be considered.”

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as so determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery under Section 262 could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration they would receive pursuant to the
Merger if they did not seek appraisal of their shares and that an opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a
financial point of view of the consideration payable in a Merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value
under Section 262. Although InvenSense believes that the per share merger consideration is fair, no representation is made as to
the outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, and
 

106



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 114/199

Table of Contents

stockholders should recognize that such an appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or lower than, or the
same as, the per share merger consideration. Neither InvenSense nor TDK Corporation anticipates offering more than the per share
merger consideration to any stockholder exercising appraisal rights, and each of InvenSense and TDK Corporation reserves the right to
assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of Section 262, the “fair value” of a share of common stock is less than the per
share merger consideration.

If a petition for appraisal is not timely filed, then the right to an appraisal will cease. The costs of the appraisal proceedings
(which do not include attorneys’ fees or the fees and expenses of experts) may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and
taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder,
the Delaware Court of Chancery may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by a stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the
value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

If any stockholder who demands appraisal of his, her or its shares of common stock under Section 262 fails to perfect, or loses or
validly withdraws, such holder’s right to appraisal, the stockholder’s shares of common stock will be deemed to have been converted at
the effective time into the right to receive the per share merger consideration as provided in the Merger Agreement. A stockholder will
fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, such holder’s right to appraisal if, among other things, no petition for appraisal is filed
within 120 days after the effective time or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of the holder’s
demand for appraisal and an acceptance of the per share merger consideration as provided in the Merger Agreement in accordance with
Section 262.

From and after the effective time of the Merger, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will be entitled to vote such
shares of common stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on such shares of common stock,
except dividends or other distributions on the holder’s shares of common stock, if any, payable to stockholders as of a time prior to the
effective time of the Merger. If no petition for an appraisal is filed within the time provided in Section 262, or if a stockholder delivers
to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the Merger,
either within 60 days after the effective time or thereafter with the written approval of the surviving corporation, then the right of such
stockholder to an appraisal will cease. Once a petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court of Chancery, however, the
appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any stockholder who commenced the proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named
party without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery and such approval may be conditioned on the terms the Delaware deems
just; provided, however, that this will not affect the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined
that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the merger consideration within
60 days after the effective time of the Merger.

Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in Section 262 for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of
a stockholder’s statutory appraisal rights. In that event, a stockholder will be entitled to receive the merger consideration for his, hers or
its shares in accordance with the Merger Agreement. Consequently and in view of the complexity of the provisions of Section 262, any
stockholder considering exercising his, her or its appraisal rights is encouraged to consult legal counsel before attempting to exercise
those rights.

THE PROCESS OF DEMANDING AND EXERCISING APPRAISAL RIGHTS REQUIRES STRICT COMPLIANCE WITH
TECHNICAL PREREQUISITES. IF YOU WISH TO EXERCISE YOUR APPRAISAL RIGHTS, YOU SHOULD CONSULT WITH
YOUR OWN LEGAL COUNSEL IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLIANCE UNDER SECTION 262. TO THE EXTENT, THERE
ARE ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN THE FOREGOING SUMMARY AND SECTION 262, SECTION 262 WILL
GOVERN.
 

107



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 115/199

Table of Contents

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

Our common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “INVN.” The following table sets forth for the
periods indicated the high and low sales prices per share of our common stock as reported on the NYSE:
 

   Market Price ($)  
   High    Low  
Fiscal Year Ending April 2, 2017:     
Quarter ending April 2, 2017 (through March 24, 2017)    $12.85    $11.22 
Quarter ended January 1, 2017    12.92    6.75 
Quarter ended October 2, 2016    8.42    5.61 
Quarter ended July 3, 2016    8.66    5.42 
Fiscal Year Ended April 3, 2016:     
Quarter ended April 3, 2016    16.47    13.79 
Quarter ended December 27, 2015    15.79    8.46 
Quarter ended September 27, 2015    12.77    8.88 
Quarter ended June 28, 2015    11.05    6.60 
Fiscal Year Ended March 29, 2015:     
Quarter ended March 29, 2015    23.82    17.10 
Quarter ended December 28, 2014    26.78    19.25 
Quarter ended September 28, 2014    21.94    13.50 
Quarter ended June 29, 2014    17.56    13.19 

Under our dividend policy, we have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our capital stock and have retained any future
earnings for use in the expansion and operation of our business. Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, from the date of the Merger
Agreement until the earlier of the effective time of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement, we may not declare or pay
cash dividends to our common stockholders without TDK Corporation’s written consent.

On December 20, 2016, the last trading day before the day we announced the execution of the Merger Agreement, the closing
price of our common stock was $10.84 per share. On March 24, 2017, the latest practicable trading day before this proxy statement was
printed, the closing price of our common stock was $12.60 per share. Stockholders are encouraged to obtain current market quotations
for our common stock and to carefully review the other information contained in this proxy statement in considering whether to adopt
the Merger Agreement. As of March 23, 2017, 95,594,793 shares of our common stock were outstanding, held by 32 holders of record.

Following the Merger, there will be no further market for the our common stock and it will be delisted from NYSE and
deregistered under the Exchange Act. As a result, following the Merger we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC.
 

108



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 116/199

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
AND DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the ownership of our common stock as of March 15, 2017 by: (i) each
director; (ii) each of our named executive officers; (iii) all of our current executive officers and directors as a group; and (iv) all those
known by InvenSense to be beneficial owners of more than five percent of our common stock.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with SEC rules. Under these rules, the number of shares of common
stock deemed outstanding includes shares issuable within 60 days of March 15, 2017. For purposes of calculating each person’s or
group’s percentage ownership, shares issuable within 60 days of March 15, 2017 are included for that person or group but not for any
other person or group. Applicable percentage ownership is based on 95,577,295 shares of common stock outstanding at March 15,
2017. Unless otherwise indicated and subject to applicable community property laws, to our knowledge, each stockholder named in the
following table possesses sole voting and investment power over the shares listed. Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each
person listed is c/o InvenSense, Inc., 1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200, San Jose, California 95110.
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner
  Shares Beneficially Owned  
  Shares    Percentage (%) 

5% Stockholders:     
The Vanguard Group, Inc.(1)    6,517,702    6.8 
Artiman, L.L.C.(2)    6,444,901    6.7 
BlackRock, Inc.(3)    5,535,913    5.8 

Directors and Named Executive Officers:     
Behrooz Abdi(4)    1,788,631    1.8 
Amir Faintuch(5)    60,205    * 
Usama Fayyad(6)    55,170    * 
Emiko Higashi(7)    60,205    * 
Jon Olson(8)    164,030    * 
Amit Shah(9)    6,557,036    6.9 
Eric Stang(10)    106,752    * 
Yunbei “Ben” Yu, Ph.D.(11)    4,147,633    4.3 
Mark Dentinger(12)    360,301    * 
Daniel Goehl(13)    237,058    * 
Mozafar Maghsoudnia(14)    430,855    * 
All current directors and executive officers as a group (11 persons)(15)    13,967,876    14.2% 

 
* Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.
(1) As of December 31, 2016, based on information set forth in Amendment No.1 to Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on

February 10, 2017 by the Vanguard Group, Inc. (“Vanguard”). Of the 6,517,702 shares beneficially owned, Vanguard has sole
voting power with respect to 99,192 shares, shared voting power with respect to 4,100 shares, sole dispositive power with respect
to 6,418,710 shares and shared dispositive power with respect to 98, 992 shares. Vanguard’s business address is 100 Vanguard
Boulevard, Malvern, PA 19355. Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial
owner of 94,892 shares as a result of its serving as investment manager of collective trust accounts, and Vanguard Investments
Australia, Ltd., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Vanguard, is the beneficial owner of 8,400 shares as a result of its serving as
investment manager of Australian investment offerings.

(2) Includes 6,306,901 shares held by Artiman Ventures, L.P., 40,044 shares held by Artiman Ventures Side Fund, L.P. and 82,459
shares held by Artiman Ventures Side Fund II, L.P. Artiman, L.L.C.’s business address is 2000 University Avenue, Suite 602, East
Palo Alto, CA 94303. Amit Shah and Yatin Mundkur, as

 
109



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 117/199

Table of Contents

 
managing members of Artiman, L.L.C., the general partner of the Artiman entities that hold the shares, may be deemed to
beneficially own such shares, but disclaim beneficial ownership of such shares except to the extent of any pecuniary interest
therein. See also note 9.

(3) As of December 31, 2016, based on information set forth in a Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on January 30, 2017 by
BlackRock, Inc. (“BlackRock”), BlackRock has sole voting power with respect to 5,366,808 share of common stock and sole
dispositive power with respect to 5,535,913 shares of common stock as the parent holding company for BlackRock (Netherlands)
B.V., BlackRock Advisors, LLC, BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited, BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited,
BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz Ag, BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., BlackRock Fund Advisors, BlackRock
Institutional Trust Company, N.A., BlackRock Investment Management (Australia) Limited, BlackRock Investment Management
(UK) Ltd, BlackRock Investment Management, LLC and FutureAdvisor, Inc. The address for BlackRock is 55 East 52nd Street,
New York, NY 10055.

(4) Includes 1,533,615 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017 and 37,500 shares which are subject to our right of repurchase, which right will lapse over time.

(5) Includes 37,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(6) Includes 35,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(7) Includes 37,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(8) Includes 120,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(9) Includes 46,667 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017 and 6,444,901 shares beneficially owned by Artiman, L.L.C., 16,667 shares held by Artiman Management, LLC
and 19,943 shares held by Baca, L.P. Amit Shah is a Managing Member of Artiman Management and Artiman, L.L.C., which is
the General Partner of the Artiman Ventures LPs, and shares voting control and investment power of the securities held by
Artiman Management and the Artiman Ventures LPs with the other Managing Member of Artiman Management and Artiman,
L.L.C. Mr. Shah disclaims beneficial ownership of the securities held by Artiman Management or the Artiman Ventures LPs
except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. See also note 2.

(10) Includes 82,500 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(11) Includes 80,000 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017 and 4,035,404 shares held by Sierra Ventures IX, L.P. Yunbei “Ben” Yu, Ph.D. is a Managing Director of Sierra
Ventures Associates IX, LLC, which serves as the sole General Partner of Sierra Ventures IX, LP. As such, Dr. Yu shares voting
and investment control over the shares owned by Sierra Ventures IX with its other Managing Directors, and may be deemed to
own beneficially the shares held by Sierra Ventures IX. Dr. Yu disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by Sierra
Ventures IX except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(12) Includes 337,707 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(13) Includes 220,001 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017 and 15,000 shares which are subject to our right of repurchase, which right will lapse over time.

(14) Includes 369,061 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017.

(15) Includes 2,899,551 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of outstanding stock options exercisable within 60 days of
March 15, 2017 and 52,500 shares which are subject to our right of repurchase, which right will lapse over time.

 
110



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 118/199

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 1: THE MERGER PROPOSAL

As discussed throughout this proxy statement, our Board of Directors is asking stockholders to adopt the Merger Agreement.
Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, TDK Corporation will acquire InvenSense in the Merger. Merger Subsidiary will merge with and
into InvenSense, with InvenSense as the surviving corporation. InvenSense will be a direct or indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
TDK Corporation and our common stock will be delisted from the NYSE, deregistered under the Exchange Act and cease to be
publicly traded.

As described in further detail in the sections of this proxy statement captioned “Questions and Answers” beginning on page 14 of
this proxy statement, “Summary” beginning on page 1 of this proxy statement, “The Merger” beginning on page 30 of this proxy
statement and “The Merger Agreement” beginning on page 85 of this proxy statement, our Board of Directors has approved the Merger
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Merger is subject to the satisfaction of
the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by our stockholders at the special
meeting. Accordingly, the approval of the Merger Proposal by stockholders is a condition to the obligations of TDK Corporation and
InvenSense to complete the Merger.

Required Vote

The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock as of the Record Date is
required to approve the Merger Proposal.

Recommendation of the InvenSense Board

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal.

PROPOSAL 2: THE MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION PROPOSAL

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, we are required to submit a
proposal to stockholders for a non-binding advisory vote to approve the payment of certain compensation to our named executive
officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger. This proposal, which we refer to as the Merger-related Compensation
Proposal, gives our stockholders the opportunity to vote, on a non-binding, advisory basis, on the compensation that the named
executive officers will or may be entitled to receive from InvenSense (or, following the Merger, TDK Corporation) that is based on or
otherwise relates to the Merger. This compensation is summarized in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger May Differ From Your Interests” as well as in the footnotes and narrative
disclosures in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Golden Parachute Compensation.”

The Board of Directors encourages you to review carefully the named executive officer merger-related compensation information
disclosed in this proxy statement.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that the stockholders approve the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of InvenSense, Inc. hereby approve on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that
may be paid or become payable to InvenSense’s named executive officers in connection with the merger as disclosed pursuant to Item
402(t) of Regulation S-K in the table in the section of the proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Golden Parachute Compensation,”
including the related footnotes and narrative disclosures therein.”
 

111



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 119/199

Table of Contents

Required Vote

The vote on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote on the Merger Proposal.
Accordingly, you may vote to approve the Merger Proposal and vote not to approve the Merger-related Compensation Proposal and
vice versa. Because the vote on the Merger-related Compensation Proposal is advisory only, it will not be binding on either InvenSense
or TDK Corporation. Accordingly, if the Merger Proposal is approved and the Merger is completed, the compensation may be paid,
subject only to the conditions applicable thereto, regardless of the outcome of the non-binding, advisory vote of our stockholders.

The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the shares of common stock represented at the special meeting is
required to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the Merger-related Compensation Proposal.

Recommendation of the InvenSense Board

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the Merger-related Compensation
Proposal.

PROPOSAL 3: THE ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL

Stockholders are being asked to approve a proposal to adjourn the special meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or
appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to approve the Merger Proposal at the time of the
special meeting. If stockholders approve the Adjournment Proposal, we could adjourn the special meeting and any adjourned session of
the special meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies, including proxies from stockholders that have previously
returned properly executed proxies voting against the Merger Proposal. Among other things, approval of the Adjournment Proposal
could mean that, even if we had received proxies representing a sufficient number of votes against adoption of the Merger Agreement
such that the Merger Proposal would be defeated, we could adjourn the special meeting without a vote on the Merger Proposal and seek
to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to votes in favor of the Merger Proposal.

If this proposal is approved, the special meeting could be adjourned to any date. If the special meeting is adjourned, stockholders
who have already submitted their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use.

Required Vote

The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock represented at the special
meeting is required to approve the Adjournment Proposal.

Recommendation of the InvenSense Board

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.
 

112



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 120/199

Table of Contents

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the Merger is completed, we will not hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2017 or thereafter. However, if the Merger is
not completed, we will hold a 2017 annual meeting of stockholders in the normal course. In that event, the deadline for stockholders to
submit proposals to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement for the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders is June 15, 2017 if
our 2017 meeting is called for a date that is within 30 days before or after the one-year anniversary of the 2016 annual meeting. If,
however, our 2017 annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days before or after the one-year anniversary of the 2016
annual meeting, proposals for the 2017 annual meeting must be received by a reasonable time before we print and mail our proxy
statement for the 2017 annual meeting. Such proposals may be included in the next year’s proxy statement if they comply with certain
rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC.

A stockholder who wishes to have a proposal considered at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders but does not seek to have the
proposal included in our proxy materials for that meeting must notify us by August 2, 2017. If the stockholder fails to give notice by
this date, then the persons named as proxies in the proxies solicited by the Board of Directors for the 2017 annual meeting may
exercise discretionary voting power regarding any such proposal. If, however, our 2017 annual meeting is called for a date that is not
within 30 days before or after the one-year anniversary of the 2016 annual meeting, then the deadline to notify us of such proposal is a
reasonable time before the 2017 annual meeting. Stockholder proposals or notices of proposals should be directed to InvenSense, Inc.,
attention Corporate Secretary, 1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200, San Jose, California 95110.

HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS

The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries (e.g., brokers) to satisfy the delivery requirements for proxy
statements and annual reports, including proxy statements, with respect to two or more stockholders sharing the same address by
delivering a single proxy statement or other proxy materials addressed to those stockholders. This process, which is commonly referred
to as “householding,” potentially means extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies.

A number of brokers with account holders who are stockholders will be “householding” our proxy materials. A single proxy
statement or other proxy materials may be delivered to multiple stockholders sharing an address unless contrary instructions have been
received from the affected stockholders. Once you have received notice from your broker that they will be “householding”
communications to your address, “householding” will continue until you are notified otherwise or you submit contrary instructions. If,
at any time, you no longer wish to participate in “householding” and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement or other proxy
materials, you may: (1) notify your broker; (2) direct your written request to our Director of Investor Relations, 1745 Technology
Drive, Suite 200, San Jose, California 95110, telephone (408) 501-2200 or (3) contact our Investor Relations department at
www.invensense.com. Stockholders who currently receive multiple copies of the proxy statement or other proxy materials at their
addresses and would like to request “householding” of their communications should contact their brokers. In addition, we will
promptly deliver, upon written or oral request to the address or telephone number above, a separate copy of the proxy statement to a
stockholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the documents was delivered.
 

113



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 121/199

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We are subject to the informational requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. We file reports, proxy
statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these reports, proxy statements and other information at the
SEC’s Public Reference Section at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information on the operation of the
Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains an internet website, located at www.sec.gov,
that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding companies and individuals that file electronically with the SEC.

The information contained in this proxy statement speaks only as of the date indicated on the cover of this proxy statement unless
the information specifically indicates that another date applies.

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this proxy statement. This means that we can disclose
important information by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is
considered to be part of this proxy statement. This proxy statement and the information that we later file with the SEC may update and
supersede the information incorporated by reference. Similarly, the information that we later file with the SEC may update and
supersede the information in this proxy statement. We also incorporate by reference into this proxy statement the following documents
filed by us with the SEC under the Exchange Act:
 

 •  our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 2016;
 

 •  our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended July 3, 2016, October 2, 2016 and January 1, 2017; and
 

 
•  our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 4, 2016, May 9, 2016, September 19, 2016, October 31, 2016,

and December 21, 2016.

We undertake to provide without charge to each person to whom a copy of this proxy statement has been delivered, upon request,
by first class mail or other equally prompt means, within one business day of receipt of the request, a copy of any or all of the
documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement, other than the exhibits to these documents, unless the exhibits are
specifically incorporated by reference into the information that this proxy statement incorporates.

Requests for copies of our filings should be directed to InvenSense, Inc., attention Corporate Secretary at 1745 Technology Drive,
Suite 200, San Jose, California 95110, and should be made by May 5, 2017 in order to receive them before the special meeting.

Stockholders should not rely on information other than that contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement. We
have not authorized anyone to provide information that is different from that contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement is
dated March 27, 2017. No assumption should be made that the information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date
other than that date, and the mailing of this proxy statement will not create any implication to the contrary.

If you need additional copies of this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card, or if you have questions about the proposals or
how to vote your shares, you may contact our proxy solicitor, MacKenzie Partners, Inc., by telephone (toll free) at (980) 322-2885 or
by email at proxy@mackenziepartners.com.
 

 By Order of the Board of Directors,

 /s/ Mark Dentinger

 Mark Dentinger
Dated: March 27, 2017  Chief Financial Officer
 

114



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 122/199

Table of Contents

Appendix A—Merger Agreement

EXECUTION VERSION

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

dated as of

December 21, 2016

among

INVENSENSE, INC.,

TDK CORPORATION

and

TDK SENSOR SOLUTIONS CORPORATION



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 123/199

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
     Page  

ARTICLE 1  
Definitions  

Section 1.01  Definitions    A-1 
Section 1.02  Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions    A-9 

ARTICLE 2  
The Merger  

Section 2.01  The Merger    A-9 
Section 2.02  Conversion of Shares    A-10 
Section 2.03  Surrender and Payment    A-10 
Section 2.04  Treatment of Equity Awards    A-11 
Section 2.05  Dissenting Shares    A-13 
Section 2.06  Withholding Rights    A-13 
Section 2.07  Lost Certificates    A-13 

ARTICLE 3  
The Surviving Corporation  

Section 3.01  Certificate of Incorporation    A-14 
Section 3.02  Bylaws    A-14 
Section 3.03  Directors and Officers    A-14 

ARTICLE 4  
Representations and Warranties of the Company  

Section 4.01  Corporate Existence and Power    A-14 
Section 4.02  Corporate Authorization    A-15 
Section 4.03  Governmental Authorization    A-15 
Section 4.04  Non-contravention    A-15 
Section 4.05  Capitalization    A-16 
Section 4.06  Subsidiaries    A-17 
Section 4.07  SEC Filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act    A-17 
Section 4.08  Financial Statements    A-18 
Section 4.09  Disclosure Documents    A-19 
Section 4.10  Absence of Certain Changes    A-19 
Section 4.11  No Undisclosed Material Liabilities    A-19 
Section 4.12  Compliance with Laws and Court Orders; Permits    A-19 
Section 4.13  Litigation    A-20 
Section 4.14  Properties    A-21 
Section 4.15  Intellectual Property    A-21 
Section 4.16  Taxes    A-22 
Section 4.17  Employees and Employee Benefit Plan    A-24 
Section 4.18  Environmental Matters    A-26 
Section 4.19  Material Contracts    A-27 
Section 4.20  Additional Payments    A-29 
Section 4.21  Customers, Distributors and Suppliers    A-29 
Section 4.22  Insurance    A-30 
Section 4.23  Finders’ Fees    A-30 
Section 4.24  Opinion of Financial Advisor    A-30 
Section 4.25  Government Contracts    A-30 
Section 4.26  State Takeover Statutes    A-31 
Section 4.27  Product Liability    A-31 
Section 4.28  Data Privacy    A-31 
 

A-i



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 124/199

Table of Contents

     Page  
ARTICLE 5  

Representations and Warranties of Parent  

Section 5.01  Corporate Existence and Power    A-31 
Section 5.02  Corporate Authorization    A-32 
Section 5.03  Governmental Authorization    A-32 
Section 5.04  Non-contravention    A-32 
Section 5.05  Disclosure Documents    A-33 
Section 5.06  Litigation    A-33 
Section 5.07  Ownership of Shares    A-33 
Section 5.08  Vote/Approval Required    A-33 
Section 5.09  Sufficiency of Funds    A-33 
Section 5.10  Solvency    A-33 

ARTICLE 6  
Covenants of the Company  

Section 6.01  Conduct of the Company    A-33 
Section 6.02  Proxy Statement; Company Stockholder Meeting    A-36 
Section 6.03  No Solicitation; Other Offers    A-37 
Section 6.04  Access to Information    A-41 
Section 6.05  Stockholder Litigation    A-41 
Section 6.06  Company Notes    A-41 
Section 6.07  Tax Matters    A-41 
Section 6.08  ESPP    A-42 

ARTICLE 7  
Covenants of Parent  

Section 7.01  Obligations of Merger Subsidiary    A-42 
Section 7.02  Director and Officer Liability    A-42 
Section 7.03  Employee Matters    A-44 

ARTICLE 8  
Covenants of Parent and the Company  

Section 8.01  Regulatory Approvals, Notices and Consents    A-45 
Section 8.02  Public Announcements    A-46 
Section 8.03  Further Assurances    A-47 
Section 8.04  Notices of Certain Events    A-47 
Section 8.05  Section 16 Matters    A-47 
Section 8.06  Stock Exchange De-listing; Exchange Act Deregistration    A-48 
Section 8.07  Takeover Statutes    A-48 
Section 8.08  Director Resignations    A-48 

ARTICLE 9  
Conditions to the Merger  

Section 9.01  Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party    A-48 
Section 9.02  Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Subsidiary    A-48 
Section 9.03  Conditions to the Obligations of the Company    A-49 

ARTICLE 10  
Termination  

Section 10.01  Termination    A-49 
Section 10.02  Effect of Termination    A-50 
 

A-ii



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 125/199

Table of Contents

     Page  
ARTICLE 11  
Miscellaneous  

Section 11.01  Notices    A-51 
Section 11.02  Survival of Representations and Warranties    A-52 
Section 11.03  Amendments and Waivers    A-52 
Section 11.04  Termination Fees    A-52 
Section 11.05  Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment    A-54 
Section 11.06  Governing Law; Jurisdiction    A-55 
Section 11.07  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL    A-55 
Section 11.08  Counterparts; Effectiveness    A-55 
Section 11.09  Entire Agreement    A-55 
Section 11.10  Severability    A-55 
Section 11.11  Specific Performance    A-56 

SCHEDULES

Company Disclosure Schedule
 

A-iii



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 126/199

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) dated as of December 21, 2016 among InvenSense, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (the “Company”), TDK Corporation, a company organized under the laws of Japan (“Parent”), and TDK Sensor
Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Subsidiary”).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, Parent will acquire the Company by means of a merger of
Merger Subsidiary with and into the Company in accordance with Delaware Law, with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly
owned indirect subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”);

WHEREAS, the Board of Directors of the Company has, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein,
(i) determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated hereby in accordance with Delaware Law and (iii) subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, resolved to
recommend that the Company’s stockholders approve and adopt this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent and Merger Subsidiary have, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, (i) determined that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in
the best interests of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and their respective stockholders and (ii) approved and declared advisable this
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby;

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to Parent’s and Merger Subsidiary’s willingness to enter into this Agreement,
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company are entering into voting agreements with
Parent and Merger Subsidiary (the “Voting Agreements”); and

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements contained
herein, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01 Definitions.

(a) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:

“Acquisition Proposal” means, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any offer, proposal or inquiry
relating to, or any Third Party indication of interest in, (i) any acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, of (A) 20% or more of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries or (B) 20% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company,
(ii) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such Third Party beneficially
owning 20% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company, or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange,
business combination, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution, joint venture (other than as set forth on Section 1.01(a)
of the Company Disclosure Schedule) or other similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets,
individually or in the aggregate, constitute 20% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company.
 

A-1



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 127/199

Table of Contents

“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by, or under common
control with such Person.

“Antitrust Laws” means the Sherman Act of 1890, as amended; the Clayton Act of 1914, as amended; the Federal Trade
Commission Act of 1914, as amended; the HSR Act, and all other federal, state, foreign or supranational laws or orders in effect from
time to time that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or
restraint of trade or lessening of competition through merger or acquisition.

“Applicable Law” means, with respect to any Person, any federal, state or local law (statutory, common or otherwise),
constitution, treaty, convention, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order, injunction, judgment, decree, ruling or other similar
requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Authority that is binding upon or applicable to such Person,
as amended unless expressly specified otherwise.

“Bid” means any outstanding quotation, bid or proposal by the Company or any Company Subsidiary which, if accepted or
awarded, would lead to a Government Contract for the supply of goods, licensing of property, or provision of services by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary.

“Business Day” means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in San Francisco, California
or Tokyo, Japan are authorized or required by Applicable Law to be closed.

“Call Spread Warrants” means, collectively, (i) the base warrant confirmation, dated November 6, 2013, between the Company
and Goldman, Sachs & Co. in reference to the Company Notes and (ii) the additional warrant confirmation, dated November 7, 2013,
between the Company and Goldman, Sachs & Co. in reference to the Company Notes, which collectively provide for the issuance of
shares by the Company at an exercise price of $28.656 per share (subject to adjustment as set forth therein).

“CFIUS” means the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, or any member agency thereof acting in its capacity
as a CFIUS member agency.

“CFIUS Approval” means (i) a written notice issued by CFIUS that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are not
covered transactions and not subject to review under Applicable Law, (ii) a written notice issued by CFIUS indicating that there are no
unresolved national security concerns with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that CFIUS has concluded
its review or investigation of the notification voluntarily provided pursuant to the DPA with respect to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or (iii) if CFIUS has sent a report to the President of the United States requesting the President’s decision, then (A) the
President has announced a decision not to take any action to suspend or prohibit the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or
(B) having received a report from CFIUS requesting the President’s decision, the President has not taken any action after 15 days from
the date the President received such report from CFIUS.

“CFIUS Turndown” means (A) (1) prior to the conclusion of all action under Section 721 of Title VII of the Defense Production
Act of 1950, Parent withdraws the notification to CFIUS and does not re-file a CFIUS notification within 20 Business Days, or such
different period of time agreed upon by the Parent and the Company, or (2) CFIUS has completed its review or investigation and
determined it has unresolved national security concerns and Parent unilaterally withdraws, or the Parties by mutual written agreement
withdraw, the CFIUS filing and Parent does not re-file a CFIUS notification within 20 Business Days, or such different period of time
agreed upon by the parties, or (B) the President takes action to prohibit the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986.
 

A-2



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 128/199

Table of Contents

“Collective Bargaining Agreement” means any agreement, memorandum of understanding or other contractual obligation
between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any labor union, labor organization, works council or other authorized employee
representative representing Service Providers.

“Company 10-K” means the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 3, 2016 filed with the SEC.

“Company Balance Sheet” means the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of October 2, 2016, and the footnotes
thereto set forth in the Company’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC.

“Company Balance Sheet Date” means October 2, 2016.

“Company Bylaws” means the bylaws of the Company, as amended and restated as of the date of the Agreement.

“Company Certificate” means the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as amended, amended and restated and
supplemented and in effect on the date hereof.

“Company Disclosure Schedule” means the disclosure schedule dated the date hereof regarding this Agreement that has been
provided by the Company to Parent and Merger Subsidiary.

“Company Hedge Options” means, collectively, (i) the base call option confirmation, dated November 6, 2013, between the
Company and Goldman, Sachs & Co. in reference to the Company Notes and (ii) the additional call option confirmation, dated
November 7, 2013, between the Company and Goldman, Sachs & Co. in reference to the Company Notes.

“Company Notes” means the 1.75% Convertible Senior Notes due 2018 issued by the Company pursuant to the Company Notes
Indenture.

“Company Notes Indenture” means the Indenture, dated as of November 13, 2013, between the Company, as Issuer, and Wells
Fargo Bank, National Association, as Trustee.

“Company Restricted Stock” means Company Stock subject to forfeiture restrictions granted under any Company Stock Plan.

“Company RSU” means a restricted stock unit in respect of one or more shares of Company Stock granted under any Company
Stock Plan.

“Company Software” means any software owned by or purported to be owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary and
distributed or otherwise provided by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any other Person.

“Company Stock” means the common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

“Company Stock Option” means an option to purchase one or more shares of Company Stock granted under any Company
Stock Plan.

“Company Stock Plans” means, collectively, (i) the 2011 Stock Incentive Plan and (ii) the 2004 Stock Incentive Plan, as
amended September 18, 2009.

“Contract” means any legally binding contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding.

“Delaware Law” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.
 

A-3



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 129/199

Table of Contents

“Department of Labor” means the United States Department of Labor.

“DPA” means Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, including the implementing regulations thereof codified at 31
C.F.R. Part 800.

“Employee Plan” means any (i) “employee benefit plan” as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) compensation, employment,
consulting, severance, salary continuation, termination protection, change in control, transaction bonus, retention or similar plan,
agreement, arrangement, program or policy or (iii) other plan, agreement, arrangement, program or policy providing for compensation,
bonuses, profit-sharing, equity or equity-based compensation or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation, vacation benefits,
insurance (including any self-insured arrangement), medical, dental, vision, prescription or fringe benefits, life insurance, relocation or
expatriate benefits, perquisites, disability or sick leave benefits, employee assistance program, supplemental unemployment benefits or
post-employment or retirement benefits (including compensation, pension, health, medical or insurance benefits), in each case whether
or not written (x) that is sponsored, maintained, administered, contributed to or entered into by the Company or any of its ERISA
Affiliates for the current or future benefit of any current or former Service Provider or (y) for which the Company or any Company
Subsidiary has any direct or indirect liability.

“Environmental Laws” means any Applicable Laws or any agreement with any Governmental Authority or other Third Party,
relating to human health and safety, the environment or to Hazardous Substances.

“Environmental Permits” means all permits, licenses, franchises, certificates, approvals and other similar authorizations of
Governmental Authorities relating to or required by Environmental Laws and affecting, or relating to, the business of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary as currently or formerly conducted.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

“ERISA Affiliate” with respect to any entity means any other entity that, together with such first entity, would be treated as a
single employer under Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

“ESPP” means the Company’s 2013 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended on September 16, 2016.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

“Government Contract” means any prime contract, subcontract, basic ordering agreement, letter contract, purchase order,
delivery order, change order, arrangement or other commitment of any kind between the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the
one hand, and any Governmental Authority or prime contractor or subcontractor to a Governmental Authority, on the other hand.

“Governmental Authority” means any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local governmental, regulatory or
administrative authority, department, court, agency or official, including any political subdivision thereof.

“Hazardous Substance” means any pollutant, contaminant, waste or chemical or any toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive,
reactive or otherwise hazardous substance, waste or material, or any substance, waste or material having any constituent elements
displaying any of the foregoing characteristics, including any substance, waste or material regulated under any Environmental Law.

“HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.
 

A-4



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 130/199

Table of Contents

“Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all intellectual property or similar proprietary rights throughout the world,
including any and all (i) trademarks, service marks, brand names, certification marks, trade dress, logos, social media accounts, Internet
domain names and other indications of origin, the goodwill associated with the foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and
applications in any jurisdiction to register, the foregoing, including any extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or
application, (ii) inventions and discoveries, whether patentable or not, in any jurisdiction, industrial and utility models, industrial
designs, petty patents, design patents, certificates of invention, patents, applications for patents (including divisions, continuations,
provisionals, non-provisionals, continuations in part and renewal applications), and any renewals, extensions or reissues thereof, in any
jurisdiction, (iii) writings and other works, whether copyrightable or not, in any jurisdiction, and any and all copyright rights, whether
registered or not, and registrations or applications for registration of copyrights in any jurisdiction, and any renewals or extensions
thereof, (iv) computer software (including source code, object code, firmware, operating systems and specifications), (v) trade secrets
and other confidential information (including ideas, formulas, compositions, know-how, algorithms, processes, methods and
techniques, research and development information, customer and supplier information and accounts, drawings, specifications, designs,
proposals, technical data, financial and marketing plans), (vi) moral rights, database rights, design rights, and industrial property rights,
and (vii) all rights to sue or recover and retain damages and costs and attorneys’ fees for past, present and future infringement or
misappropriation of any of the foregoing.

“International Plan” means any Employee Plan that is not a US Plan.

“IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service.

“knowledge” means, with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge after due inquiry of the individuals set forth on
Section 1.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule.

“Legal Proceeding” means any audit, action, lawsuit, litigation, arbitration, hearing, or proceeding (including civil, criminal,
administrative or appellate proceeding) commenced, brought or conducted or heard by or before or otherwise involving, any court or
other Governmental Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

“Lien” means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance or other
adverse claim of any kind in respect of such property or asset. For purposes of this Agreement, a Person shall be deemed to own
subject to a Lien any property or asset that it has acquired or holds subject to the interest of a vendor or lessor under any conditional
sale agreement, capital lease or other title retention agreement relating to such property or asset.

“Material Adverse Effect” means, (i) with respect to the Company and any Company Subsidiary, any event, occurrence,
condition, state of facts, circumstances, change or effect that (A) has had or would reasonably be expect to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, results of operations or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (B) would prevent the ability of the Company to consummate the transactions contemplated
hereby; provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following, alone or in combination, be deemed to constitute, nor shall any
of the following be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a “Material Adverse Effect”: (1) general
changes or developments in the economy or the financial, debt, capital, credit or securities markets in the United States or elsewhere in
the world in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has material operations, including as a result of changes in geopolitical
conditions, (2) general changes or developments in the industries in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary operates,
(3) changes resulting from the public announcement of this Agreement or pendency of the Merger arising from the identity of Parent or
its Affiliates; provided that this clause (3) shall not apply with respect to any representation or warranty, or any condition to the
consummation of the Merger to the extent related thereto, that by its terms addresses the consequences of the announcement or
pendency of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including
 

A-5



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 131/199

Table of Contents

Section 4.04, (4) changes in any applicable Laws or regulations or applicable accounting regulations or principles or interpretation or
enforcement thereof, (5) any hurricane, tornado, earthquake, flood, tsunami, natural disaster, act of God or other comparable events or
outbreak or escalation of hostilities or war (whether or not declared), military actions or any act of sabotage or terrorism, or national or
international political or social conditions, (6) any decline in the market price or trading volume of the Company Stock or the credit
rating of the Company (provided, that the facts, circumstances, developments, events, changes, effects or occurrences giving rise to or
contributing to such decline may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or would
reasonably be expected to be, a Material Adverse Effect), (7) any claim or Legal Proceedings made or brought by any of the current or
former shareholders of the Company (on their own behalf or on behalf of the Company) against the Company or its directors for
breaches of fiduciary duties or as class action claims arising out of the Merger or in connection with any other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or (8) any failure by the Company to meet any published analyst estimates or expectations of the
Company’s revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period, in and of itself, or any failure by
the Company to meet its internal or published projections, budgets, plans or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial
performance or results of operations (provided, that the facts, circumstances, developments, events, changes, effects or occurrences
giving rise to or contributing to such failure or decline may be deemed to constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether
there has been or would reasonably be expected to, a Material Adverse Effect); except in the cases of clauses (1), (2),or (4) to the
extent that the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are disproportionately affected thereby as compared with
other participants in the industries in which the Company and the Company Subsidiaries operate (in which case solely the incremental
disproportionate impact or impacts may be taken into account in determining whether there has been or would reasonably be expected
to be a Material Adverse Effect); and (ii) with respect to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, any event, occurrence, condition, state of facts,
circumstances, change or effect that would prevent the ability of Parent or Merger Subsidiary to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby.

“Open Source Materials” means software or other subject matter that is distributed under any of the following open source, free
or substantially similar licenses: any license that requires source code or other underlying source to be made available in connection
with any license, sublicense or distribution of such software, including, the GNU General Public License and the GNU Lesser General
Public License, and any derivative of any of the foregoing licenses, or any other license approved as or meeting the definition of an
open source license by the Open Source Initiative or free software by the Free Software Foundation.

“Owned Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all Intellectual Property Rights owned or purported to be owned by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary.

“Parent Termination Fee” means US$46,700,000.

“Permitted Lien” means (i) Liens for Taxes not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings and, if required by GAAP, for which adequate reserves have been established in the Company Balance Sheet in
accordance with GAAP, (ii) Liens in favor of vendors, carriers, warehousemen, repairmen, mechanics, workmen, materialmen,
construction or similar statutory liens or other encumbrances arising in the ordinary course of business by operation of Applicable Law,
(iii) statutory liens securing payments not yet due and payable, including liens of lessors pursuant to the terms of any lease, (iv) Liens
on the interests of the landlords under the Company Leases, (v) such imperfections or irregularities of title, Liens, charges, easements,
covenants and other restrictions or encumbrances as do not materially affect the value or use of the properties or assets subject thereto
or affected thereby or otherwise materially impair business operations at such properties as currently conducted; easements, rights of
way or other similar matters or restrictions or exclusions relating to real property which would be shown by a current title report or
other similar report, (vi) pledges or deposits made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices to secure obligations
under workers’ compensation, unemployment insurance, social security, retirement and similar Laws or similar legislation or to secure
public or statutory obligations, (vii) requirements and restrictions of zoning, building and other Applicable Laws and municipal
bylaws, and development, site plan, subdivision or other agreements with
 

A-6



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 132/199

Table of Contents

municipalities that do not materially interfere with the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, (viii) non-exclusive
licenses of rights in Intellectual Property Rights made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, (ix) Liens
created by any of the Contracts and listed in Section 1.01(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, and (x) Liens incurred in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in connection with any purchase money security interests, equipment leases or
similar financing arrangements.

“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

“Representatives” means, with respect to any Person, such Person’s directors, officers, employees, Affiliates, investment
bankers, attorneys, accountants and other advisors or representatives.

“Sarbanes-Oxley Act” means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933.

“Service Provider” means any director, officer, employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any individual
independent contractor retained by the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar functions are at any time directly or
indirectly owned by such Person, including any entity of which such Person is a general partner or managing member.

“Takeover Statutes” means any antitakeover or similar statute or regulation that applies or purports to apply to any transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, including any “control share acquisition,” “fair price,” “moratorium” or other antitakeover laws
enacted under U.S. state or federal laws.

“Third Party” means any Person, including as defined in Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act, other than Parent or any of its
Affiliates.

“US Plan” means any Employee Plan that covers Service Providers located primarily within the United States.

“WARN” means the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any equivalent foreign, state or local Law.

(b) Each of the following terms is defined in the Section set forth opposite such term:
 

Term   Section
Anti-Corruption Laws   Section 4.12(c)
Adverse Recommendation Change   Section 6.03(a)
Agreement   Preamble
Book Entry Shares   Section 2.02(a)
Bribery Act   Section 4.12(c)
Certificate   Section 2.02(a)
Clearance Date   Section 6.02(b)
Closing   Section 2.01(b)
Closing Date   Section 2.01(b)

 
A-7



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 133/199

Table of Contents

Term   Section
Company   Preamble
Company Board Recommendation   Section 4.02(b)
Company Financial Statements   Section 4.08(a)
Company Permits   Section 4.12(b)
Company SEC Documents   Section 4.07(a)
Company Securities   Section 4.05(c)
Company Stockholder Approval   Section 4.02(a)
Company Stockholder Meeting   Section 6.02(c)
Company Subsidiary   Section 4.05(f)
Confidentiality Agreement   Section 6.03(b)(i)
Covered Employee   Section 7.03(a)
Dissenting Shares   Section 2.05(a)
D&O Insurance   Section 7.02(c)
Effective Time   Section 2.01(c)
e-mail   Section 11.01
End Date   Section 10.01(b)(i)
Export Approvals   Section 4.12(e)
FCPA   Section 4.12(c)
Indemnification Contracts   Section 7.02(a)
Indemnified Person   Section 7.02(a)
Insurance Policies   Section 4.22
Intervening Event   Section 6.03(f)
Leased Real Property   Section 4.14(b)
Major Customer   Section 4.21(a)
Major Distributor   Section 4.21(c)
Major Supplier   Section 4.21(b)
Material Contract   Section 4.19(a)
Merger   Recitals
Merger Consideration   Section 2.02(a)
Merger Subsidiary   Preamble
NYSE   Section 4.07(f)
Negotiation Period   Section 6.03(d)
Parent   Preamble
Parent Plan   Section 7.03(b)
Paying Agent   Section 2.03(a)
Payment Fund   Section 2.03(a)
Preferred Stock   Section 4.05(a)
Premium Cap   Section 7.02(c)
Proxy Statement   Section 4.09
Superior Proposal   Section 6.03(e)
Surviving Corporation   Section 2.01(a)
Tax   Section 4.16(k)
Tax Asset   Section 4.16(k)
Taxing Authority   Section 4.16(k)
Tax Return   Section 4.16(k)
Tax Sharing Agreement   Section 4.16(k)
Termination Fee   Section 11.04(b)(i)
Vested Option   Section 2.04(a)
Vested RSU   Section 2.04(c)
Voting Agreements   Recitals
Unvested Option   Section 2.04(b)
Unvested RSU   Section 2.04(d)

 
A-8



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 134/199

Table of Contents

Section 1.02 Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. The words “hereof”, “herein” and “hereunder” and words of like
import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The
captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof.
References to Articles, Sections and Schedules are to Articles, Sections, and Schedules of this Agreement unless otherwise specified.
All Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full
herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Schedule or other document made or delivered pursuant to this Agreement but not otherwise
defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this Agreement shall be deemed to include
the plural, and any plural term the singular. Whenever the words “include”, “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they
shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”, whether or not they are in fact followed by those words or words of
like import. “Writing”, “written” and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and other means of reproducing words (including
electronic media) in a visible form. References to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute as amended from time to time and
to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. References to any agreement or contract are to that agreement or contract as
amended, modified or supplemented from time to time in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof; provided that with respect to
any agreement or contract listed on any schedules hereto, all such amendments, modifications or supplements must also be listed in the
appropriate schedule. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person. References from, since or
through any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including, respectively. References to “law”,
“laws” or to a particular statute or law shall be deemed also to include any Applicable Law. References to “$” are to United States
dollars. References to anything having been “made available” to Parent shall mean information filed or furnished on the SEC’s Edgar
system on or after May 5, 2016 or the posting of any information or material, at least two Business Days prior to the date hereof, in an
electronic data room to which Parent (or its Representatives) has been provided access.

ARTICLE 2
THE MERGER

Section 2.01 The Merger.

(a) At the Effective Time, Merger Subsidiary shall be merged with and into the Company in accordance with Delaware Law,
whereupon the separate existence of Merger Subsidiary shall cease, and the Company shall be the surviving corporation (the
“Surviving Corporation”).

(b) Subject to the provisions of Article 9, the closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall take place at 10:00 a.m. at the offices of
Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, 2550 Hanover Street, Palo Alto CA 94304 as soon as possible, but in any event no later than
five Business Days after the date the conditions set forth in Article 9 (other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver of those conditions at the Closing) have been satisfied or, to
the extent permissible, waived by the party or parties entitled to the benefit of such conditions, or at such other place, at such other time
or on such other date as Parent and the Company may mutually agree. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the
“Closing Date”.

(c) At the Closing, the Company and Merger Subsidiary shall file a certificate of merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and
make all other filings or recordings required by Delaware Law in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at
such time (the “Effective Time”) as the certificate of merger is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State (or at such later time as
may be agreed to by the Company and Parent and specified in the certificate of merger).

(d) The effects of the Merger shall be as provided in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the DGCL. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, from and after the Effective Time,
 

A-9



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 135/199

Table of Contents

the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and franchises and be subject to all of the obligations,
liabilities, restrictions and disabilities of the Company and Merger Subsidiary, all as provided under Delaware Law.

Section 2.02 Conversion of Shares.

(a) At the Effective Time, except as otherwise provided in Section 2.02(b), Section 2.02(d), Section 2.03(b), Section 2.04 or
Section 2.05, each share of Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to
receive $13.00 in cash, without interest (the “Merger Consideration”). As of the Effective Time, all such shares of Company Stock
(including all uncertificated shares of Company Stock represented by book-entry form (“Book-Entry Shares”) and each certificate
that, immediately prior to the Effective Time, represented any such shares of Company Stock (each, a “Certificate”)) shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and shall thereafter represent only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration without interest in accordance with Section 2.03;

(b) each share of Company Stock held by the Company as treasury stock or owned by Parent, a Company Subsidiary or a
Subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled, and no payment shall be made with respect thereto;

(c) each share of common stock of Merger Subsidiary outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and become one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so
converted and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation; and

(d) The Merger Consideration shall be adjusted appropriately to reflect the effect of any stock split, reverse stock split, stock
dividend (including any dividend or distribution of securities convertible into Company Stock), reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, merger, issuer tender offer, exchange of shares or other like change with respect to Company Stock
occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time, and such adjustment to the Merger Consideration shall provide to
the holders of Company Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such action and shall as so
adjusted from and after the date of such event, be the Merger Consideration; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 2.02(d)
shall be construed to permit the Company to take any action with respect to the Company Stock that is prohibited by the terms of this
Agreement.

Section 2.03 Surrender and Payment.

(a) On or prior to the Closing, Parent shall select a reputable bank or trust company to act as Paying Agent in the Merger, which
shall be reasonably acceptable to the Company (the “Paying Agent”). At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the
Paying Agent cash sufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.02. The cash amount so
deposited with the Paying Agent is referred to as the “Payment Fund.” The Paying Agent will invest the funds included in the
Payment Fund in the manner directed by Parent; provided, however, that such investments shall be in obligations of or guaranteed by
the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of
America, in commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor’s
Corporation, respectively, or in certificates of deposit, bank repurchase agreements or banker’s acceptances of commercial banks with
capital exceeding $2 billion (based on the most recent financial statements of such bank that are then publicly available). In the event
the Payment Fund shall be insufficient to pay the aggregate Merger Consideration payable pursuant to Section 2.02, Parent shall
promptly deposit, or cause to be deposited, additional funds with the Paying Agent in an amount which is equal to the deficiency in the
amount required to make such payment. The Payment Fund shall not be used for any purpose other than to fund payments pursuant to
Section 2.02, except as expressly provided for in this Agreement. Any interest or other income resulting from the investment of such
funds shall be the property of Parent.
 

A-10



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 136/199

Table of Contents

(b) Promptly and in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Paying Agent
to mail to the Persons who were record holders of Book-Entry Shares or Certificates that were converted pursuant to Section 2.02(a)
into the right to receive the Merger Consideration) (i) a letter of transmittal, which shall be in such form and have such other provisions
as Parent shall reasonably designate after input from the Company, and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of Book-Entry
Shares and Certificates in exchange for the Merger Consideration. Upon receipt of an “agent’s message” by the Paying Agent (or such
other evidence, if any, of transfer to the Paying Agent as the Paying Agent may reasonably request), together with (x) a duly completed
and validly executed letter of transmittal, (y) a properly completed and duly executed IRS Form W-9 or W-8 (as applicable), and (z)
such other documents as may be reasonably required by the Paying Agent or Parent, the holder of such Book-Entry Share or Certificate
shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration (less any applicable Tax withholding). Until transferred as
contemplated by this Section 2.03, each Book-Entry Share and Certificate shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to
represent only the right to receive Merger Consideration as contemplated by this Section 2.03. No interest shall be paid or accrued on
the cash payable upon the transfer of any Book-Entry Share or Certificate. Payment of the applicable Merger Consideration with
respect to Book-Entry Shares and Certificates shall only be made to the Person in whose name such Book-Entry Shares or Certificates
are registered.

(c) Any portion of the Payment Fund (including any interest or other amounts received with respect thereto) that remains
unclaimed or undistributed to holders of Book-Entry Shares or Certificates as of the date that is one year after the Effective Time shall
be delivered to Parent upon demand, and any holders who have not theretofore transferred their Book-Entry Shares or Certificates in
accordance with this Section 2.03 prior to that time shall thereafter look only to the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned
property, escheat and other similar legal requirements) for satisfaction of their claims for the Merger Consideration pursuant to this
Section 2.03. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any
holder or to any other Person with respect to any Merger Consideration delivered to any public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property law, escheat law or similar law. Any other provision of this Agreement notwithstanding, any portion of the Merger
Consideration that remains undistributed to the holders of Book-Entry Shares or Certificates as of the second anniversary of the
Effective Time (or immediately prior to such earlier date on which the Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the
property of any Governmental Authority), shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation, free and clear of all claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

(d) At the Effective Time, the stock transfer books of the Company with respect to the shares of Company Stock shall be closed
and thereafter there shall be no further registration of transfers of shares of Company Stock outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time on the records of the Company. From and after the Effective Time, the holders of the shares of Company Stock
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to such shares other than the right to
receive the Merger Consideration into which such shares have been converted pursuant to this Agreement or as provided by Applicable
Law. If, after the Effective Time, any Book-Entry Shares or Certificates formerly representing shares of Company Stock are presented
to the Surviving Corporation, Parent or the Paying Agent for any reason, such Book-Entry Shares shall be cancelled and exchanged as
provided in this Article 2, subject to Applicable Law in the case of Dissenting Shares.

Section 2.04 Treatment of Equity Awards.

(a) At the Effective Time, each vested Company Stock Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the
Effective Time (including any Company Stock Option held by a director that, in accordance with its terms, becomes vested at or
immediately prior to the Effective Time by reason of the Merger) and that has an exercise price per share that is less than the Merger
Consideration (a “Vested Option”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be cancelled
and converted into and shall become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying
(i) the number of shares of Company Stock subject to the Vested Option by (ii) the excess of the amount of the
 

A-11



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 137/199

Table of Contents

Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of the Vested Option (with the aggregate payment rounded down to the nearest
cent), less applicable Tax withholding. For the avoidance of doubt, each Vested Option with an exercise price per share that is equal to
or greater than the Merger Consideration shall be canceled without any consideration to the holder thereof. All such amounts payable
with respect to the Vested Options shall be paid by Parent or the Surviving Corporation as soon as practicable following the Effective
Time (and in any event in connection with the next payroll payment that is made at least five Business Days following the Effective
Time).

(b) At the Effective Time, each unvested Company Stock Option that is outstanding and unexercised immediately prior to the
Effective Time and that has an exercise price per share that is less than the Merger Consideration (an “Unvested Option”) shall, by
virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted into and shall become a right
to receive an amount in cash, without, interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (i) the number of shares of Company Stock
subject to the Unvested Option by (ii) the excess of the amount of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of the
Unvested Option (with the aggregate payment rounded down to the nearest cent), which amount shall be payable, less applicable Tax
withholding, in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule that would have applied to such Unvested Option, but only if the
holder of such terminated Unvested Option satisfies all of the vesting terms and conditions that would have related to the terminated
Unvested Option (including any continued employment requirements through the applicable dates of vesting). For avoidance of doubt,
each Unvested Option (x) with an exercise price per share that is equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration or (y) that is subject
to vesting based on performance criteria that has not been achieved as of the Effective Time shall be canceled without any
consideration to the holder thereof.

(c) At the Effective Time, each vested Company RSU (including any Company RSU that, in accordance with its terms, becomes
vested at or immediately prior to the Effective Time by reason of the Merger) (a “Vested RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted
into and shall become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the
number of shares of Company Stock subject to the Vested RSU, by (y) the Merger Consideration (with the aggregate payment rounded
down to the nearest cent), less applicable Tax withholding, which amount shall be paid by Parent or the Surviving Corporation as soon
as practicable following the Effective Time (and in any event in connection with the next payroll payment that is made at least five
Business Days following the Effective Time).

(d) At the Effective Time, each unvested Company RSU (an “Unvested RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted into
and shall become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of
shares of Company Stock subject to the Unvested RSU, by (y) the Merger Consideration (with the aggregate payment rounded down to
the nearest cent), which amount shall be payable in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule, less applicable Tax withholding,
that would have applied to such Unvested RSU, but only if the holder of such terminated Unvested RSU satisfies all of the vesting
terms and conditions that would have related to the terminated Unvested RSU (including any continued employment requirements
through the applicable date of vesting).

(e) At the Effective Time, each unvested share of Company Restricted Stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted into and shall
become a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the Merger Consideration (with the aggregate payment rounded
down to the nearest cent), which amount shall be payable in accordance with the applicable vesting schedule less applicable Tax
withholding, that would have applied to such unvested share of Company Restricted Stock, but only if the holder of such terminated
Company Restricted Stock satisfies all of the vesting terms and conditions that would have related to the terminated unvested share of
Company Restricted Stock (including any continued employment requirements through the applicable date of vesting).
 

A-12



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 138/199

Table of Contents

(f) Prior to the Effective Time, the Board of Directors of the Company and/or the appropriate committee thereof shall adopt
resolutions and shall take all such other actions as are necessary to effectuate the treatment of the Company Stock Options, Company
RSUs and shares of Company Restricted Stock as contemplated by this Section 2.04(f).

Section 2.05 Dissenting Shares.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, shares of Company Stock held by a holder who is
entitled to demand and properly demands appraisal of such shares of Company Stock pursuant to, and in compliance in all respects
with, Section 262 of Delaware Law (any such shares being referred to as “Dissenting Shares” until such time as such holder
effectively withdraws or fails to perfect or otherwise loses such holder’s appraisal rights under Section 262 of Delaware Law respect to
such shares as contemplated by Section 2.05(b)) shall not be converted into or represent the right to receive Merger Consideration in
accordance with Section 2.02(a), but instead, at the Effective Time, shall be converted into the right to receive payment of such
amounts as are payable in accordance with Section 262 of Delaware Law. At the Effective Time, the Dissenting Shares shall no longer
be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of Dissenting Shares shall cease to have
any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the fair value of such Dissenting Shares in accordance with the provisions of
Section 262 of Delaware Law.

(b) If any Dissenting Shares shall lose their status as such (through failure to perfect or otherwise), then, as of the later of the
Effective Time or the date of loss of such status, such shares shall automatically be converted into and shall represent only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.02(a), without duplication or any interest thereon, and shall not
thereafter be deemed to be Dissenting Shares.

(c) The Company shall give Parent: (i) reasonably prompt written notice of (A) any demand for appraisal received by the
Company prior to the Effective Time pursuant to Delaware Law; (B) any withdrawal or attempted withdrawal of any such demand; and
(C) any other demand, notice or instrument delivered to the Company prior to the Effective Time pursuant to Delaware Law; and
(ii) the opportunity to participate in and direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demand, notice or instrument.
Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or
settle or compromise or offer to settle or compromise, any such demand, notice or instrument, or agree to do any of the foregoing.

Section 2.06 Withholding Rights. Notwithstanding any provision contained herein to the contrary, each of the Paying Agent, the
Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable to any Person pursuant
to this Article 2 such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to the making of such payment under any provision
of applicable Tax law. If the Paying Agent, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, so withholds amounts, such
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which the Paying Agent, the
Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and withholding.

Section 2.07 Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that
fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Parent or the Paying Agent, the posting
by such Person of a bond in such amount as Parent or the Paying Agent may determine is reasonably necessary as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent (or, if subsequent
to the termination of the Payment fund and subject to Section 2.03(c), Parent) will deliver, in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the shares of Company Stock represented by such Certificate,
as contemplated by this Article 2.
 

A-13



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 139/199

Table of Contents

ARTICLE 3
THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

Section 3.01 Certificate of Incorporation. The certificate of incorporation of Merger Subsidiary in effect at the Effective Time
shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with Applicable Law.

Section 3.02 Bylaws. The bylaws of Merger Subsidiary in effect at the Effective Time shall be the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until amended in accordance with Applicable Law.

Section 3.03 Directors and Officers. The Parties shall take all actions necessary so that (a) the directors of Merger Subsidiary at
the Effective Time shall, from and after the Effective Time, be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until their successors shall
have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate
of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation, and (b) the officers of the Company at the Effective Time shall, from and
after the Effective Time, be the officers of the Surviving Corporation until their successors shall have been duly elected or appointed
and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation.

ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

The Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Subsidiary that, except (i) as disclosed in the SEC filings
made by the Company on Forms 10-K, 10-Q or 8-K on or after May 5, 2016, and prior to the date of this Agreement (where the
relevance of the information to a particular representation is reasonably apparent and excluding any disclosures set forth under the
headings “Risk Factors,” or “forward-looking statements”, or disclosures in any other statements that are similarly cautionary or
predictive in nature; it being understood that any factual historical information contained within such headings, disclosure or
statements shall not be excluded) provided that the provisions of this clause (i) shall not modify or be deemed to modify the
representations and warranties set forth in Section 4.05 or Section 4.10(c) or (ii) as set forth on the corresponding sections or
subsections of the Company Disclosure Schedule, it being acknowledged and agreed that disclosure of any item in any section or
subsection of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall only be deemed disclosure with respect to any other section or subsection of this
Agreement to which the relevance of such item is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure:

Section 4.01 Corporate Existence and Power.

(a) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the State of
Delaware.

(b) The Company has all corporate powers and all governmental licenses, franchises, authorizations, permits, certificates,
consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted, except for those licenses, franchises, authorizations,
permits, certificates, consents and approvals the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign corporation and is in
good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that have the concept of good standing) in each jurisdiction where such qualification is
necessary, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. The Company has heretofore made available to Parent correct and complete
copies of the Company Certificate and Company Bylaws as amended and in effect on the date hereof. The Company has heretofore
made available to Parent correct and complete copies of the minute books of the Company; provided that minutes related to
deliberations concerning a transaction between the Company and potential acquirors, including the Company, may be redacted.
 

A-14



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 140/199

Table of Contents

Section 4.02 Corporate Authorization.

(a) The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the
transactions contemplated hereby are within the Company’s corporate powers and, except for the required approval of the Company’s
stockholders in connection with the consummation of the Merger, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of the Company. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company Stock is the only vote of
the holders of any of the Company’s capital stock necessary in connection with the adoption, approval and authorization of this
Agreement and for the Company to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (the
“Company Stockholder Approval”). This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and constitutes a valid
and binding agreement of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other Applicable Laws affecting creditors’ rights generally
and general principles of equity).

(b) At a meeting duly called and held, the Company’s Board of Directors has (i) determined that this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved and declared
advisable this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) duly and validly approved the execution and delivery by the
Company of this Agreement, the performance by the Company of its covenants and agreements contained herein and the
consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions contained herein, (iv) directed that the adoption of this
Agreement be submitted to a vote at a meeting of the Company’s stockholders and (v) resolved, subject to the pendency of any
Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with Section 6.03(a), to recommend approval and adoption of this Agreement
by its stockholders (such recommendation, the “Company Board Recommendation”).

Section 4.03 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, filing with, or consent of
any Governmental Authority other than (a) the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
pursuant to the Delaware Law and related documentation and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of other states in
which the Company is qualified to do business, (b) compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act and Antitrust Laws
set forth on Section 4.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (c) compliance with any applicable requirements of the NYSE, the
Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and any other applicable state or federal securities laws, (d) filings with, submissions as may be
advisable to, and clearances, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required from, CFIUS in order to obtain the
CFIUS Approval, (e) filings with, submissions as may be advisable to and clearances, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals
as may be required from the French Ministère de l’Economie, de l’Industrie et du Numérique under Articles L.151-3 and R.153-1 et
seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code and (f) any actions, filings or consents, the absence of which would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

Section 4.04 Non-contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of any provision of the Company Certificate or Company Bylaws, (b) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in
Section 4.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Applicable Law with respect to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary, (c) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 4.03, require any consent or
other action by any Person under, constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute
a default, under, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of
any benefit to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is entitled under any provision of any agreement or other instrument
binding upon the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any license, franchise, authorization, permit, certificate, consent, approval
or other similar authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets or business of the Company and the Company
 

A-15



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 141/199

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any asset of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, with only such exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (b) through (d), as would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

Section 4.05 Capitalization.

(a) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 750,000,000 shares of Company Stock and (ii) 20,000,000 shares
of preferred stock (the “Preferred Stock”). As of December 15, 2016, there were outstanding (1) 94,415,309 shares of Company
Stock, (2) no shares of Preferred Stock and (3)(A) Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 11,881,453 shares of Company
Stock (of which Company Stock Options to purchase an aggregate of 5,835,149 shares of Company Stock were exercisable), (B)
Company RSUs relating to an aggregate of 5,085,861 shares of Company Stock and (C) an aggregate of 67,500 shares of Company
Restricted Stock. As of December 15, 2016, there were (x) 10,112,622 shares of Company Stock reserved for issuance under the
Company Stock Plans and (y) 2,389,903 shares of Company Stock available for issuance under the ESPP. As of December 15, 2016,
there was outstanding $175,000,000 principal amount of Company Notes and the conversion rate applicable to the Company Notes
pursuant to the Company Notes Indenture (without giving effect to any “make-whole amount”) was 45.683 shares of Company Stock
per $1,000 principal amount of Company Notes. As of December 15, 2016, 7,994,425 shares of Company Stock were subject to
issuance upon exercise of the Call Spread Warrants. Section 4.05 of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a complete and correct
list of all outstanding Company Stock Options, Company RSUs and Company Restricted Stock, including with respect to each such
award, as applicable, the holder, type of award, date of grant, exercise price (if applicable), vesting schedule, expiration date, total
initial number of shares of Company Stock underlying such award and total outstanding number of shares of Company Stock
underlying such award.

(b) All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been, and all shares that may be issued pursuant to any employee
stock option or other compensation plan or arrangement will be, when issued in accordance with the respective terms thereof, duly
authorized and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and free of preemptive rights and issued in compliance with Applicable
Law. Each Company Stock Option was granted with an exercise price per share greater than or equal to the fair market value of a share
of Company Stock on the date of grant of the applicable Company Stock Option. There are no outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or
other indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote (or, other than the Company Notes, convertible into, or exchangeable for,
securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which stockholders of the Company may vote. Neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary is a party to any voting agreement with respect to the voting of any Company Securities.

(c) Except as set forth in this Section 4.05 and for changes since December 15, 2016 resulting from the exercise of Company
Stock Options outstanding on such date, the settlement of Company RSUs outstanding on such date and the exercise of purchase rights
under the ESPP outstanding on such date, there are no issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (i) shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of or ownership interests in the Company, (ii) securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares
of capital stock or other voting securities of or ownership interests in the Company, (iii) warrants, calls, options or other rights to
acquire from the Company, or other obligation of the Company to issue, any capital stock, voting securities, other ownership interests
or securities convertible into or exchangeable for capital stock or voting securities of or ownership interests in the Company or
(iv) restricted shares, stock appreciation rights, performance units, contingent value rights, “phantom” stock or similar securities or
rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock or
voting securities of or other ownership interests in the Company (the items in clauses (i) through (iv) being referred to collectively as
the “Company Securities”). There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem
or otherwise acquire any of the Company Securities, other than pursuant to the Company Notes and Company Notes Indenture and the
Company Hedge Options.
 

A-16



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 142/199

Table of Contents

(d) The Company does not have in place, nor is it subject to, a stockholder rights plan, “poison pill” or similar plan or instrument.

(e) The Company has not repurchased any shares of Company Stock, Company Stock Options, Company RSUs or Company
Restricted Stock (other than in connection with the exercise, settlement or vesting of such stock or awards in accordance with their
respective terms, and in connection with the payment of Taxes related thereto) in the last three years.

(f) No Company Securities are owned by any Subsidiary of the Company (each a “Company Subsidiary”).

Section 4.06 Subsidiaries.

(a) Each Company Subsidiary has been duly organized, is validly existing and (where applicable) in good standing under the laws
of its jurisdiction of organization and has all organizational powers and all governmental licenses, franchises, authorizations, permits,
certificates, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted, except for those licenses, franchises,
authorizations, permits, certificates, consents and approvals the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company. Each Company Subsidiary is duly qualified to do business
as a foreign entity and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where such qualification is necessary, except for those jurisdictions
where failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect
on the Company. All Company Subsidiaries and their respective jurisdictions of organization are set forth in the Company 10-K.

(b) All of the outstanding shares of capital stock or other equity securities of, or other ownership interests in, each Company
Subsidiary are, where applicable, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, and all such shares, securities or
interests are owned by the Company or by a Company Subsidiary free and clear of any Liens (other than Permitted Liens) or
limitations on voting rights. There are no subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, rights, convertible securities or other agreements or
commitments of any character relating to the issuance, transfer, sales, delivery, voting or redemption (including any rights of
conversion or exchange under any outstanding security or other instrument) for any of the capital stock or other voting securities of, or
other ownership interests in, any Company Subsidiary. Except for the Company Subsidiaries, the Company does not own, directly or
indirectly, any capital stock and/or other ownership interest in any Person. Neither the Company or any Company Subsidiary has an
obligation to acquire any equity interest, or security of, or right, agreement or obligation to provide funds to or make any investment (in
the form of a loan, capital contribution or otherwise) in, any Person.

Section 4.07 SEC Filings and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(a) The Company has timely filed with or furnished to the SEC all reports, schedules, forms, statements, prospectuses, registration
statements and other documents required to be filed or furnished by the Company since March 30, 2013 (collectively, together with any
exhibits and schedules thereto and other information incorporated therein, the “Company SEC Documents”). None of the Company
Subsidiaries is or has been required to file any forms, reports or other documents with the SEC.

(b) As of its filing date (or, if amended, as of the date of the last such amendment), each Company SEC Document complied as to
form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, as the case may be, each as
in effect on the date so filed, and none of the Company SEC Documents, together with any amendments thereto, contained any untrue
statement of a material fact or omitted to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(c) There are no outstanding or unresolved comment letters received from the SEC staff with respect to any of the Company SEC
Documents and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the Company SEC Documents is the subject of ongoing SEC review.
 

A-17



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 143/199

Table of Contents

(d) The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15 under the
Exchange Act). Such disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that material information relating to the Company,
including its consolidated Subsidiaries, is made known to the Company’s principal executive officer and its principal financial officer
by others within those entities, particularly during the periods in which the periodic reports required under the Exchange Act are being
prepared. Such disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably effective in timely alerting the Company’s principal executive officer
and principal financial officer to material information required to be included in the Company’s periodic and current reports required
under the Exchange Act. For purposes of this Agreement, “principal executive officer” and “principal financial officer” shall have the
meanings given to such terms in the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(e) The Company and each Company Subsidiary has established and maintained a system of internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
the Company’s financial reporting and the preparation of Company financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
GAAP. The Company has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation of internal controls prior to the date hereof, to the Company’s
auditors and audit committee (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
role in internal controls over financial reporting. The Company has made available to Parent a summary of any such disclosure made
by management to the Company’s auditors and audit committee, since March 30, 2013.

(f) Since March 30, 2013, the Company has complied in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate governance
rules and regulations of the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”).

(g) Since March 30, 2013, each of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company (or each former
principal executive officer and principal financial officer of the Company, as applicable) have made all certifications required by
Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Exchange Act and Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any related rules and
regulations promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, and the statements contained in any such certifications are complete and correct.

Section 4.08 Financial Statements.

(a) The audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited consolidated interim financial statements of the Company
(collectively, the “Company Financial Statements”) included or incorporated by reference in the Company SEC Documents fairly
presented in all material respects, in conformity with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by the rules and
regulations of the SEC) applied on a consistent basis (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto), the consolidated financial
position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated results of operations and cash
flows for the periods then ended (subject to normal and recurring year-end audit adjustments the effect of which would not be material
in the case of any unaudited interim financial statements and except as indicated in the notes to such Company Financial Statements or,
in the case of unaudited statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q of the SEC, and except that the unaudited Company Financial
Statements may not contain footnotes, none of which either individually or in the aggregate will be material in amount). The Company
Financial Statements were prepared from, and are in accordance with, the books and records of the Company and its consolidated
Subsidiaries in all material respects and complied, as of their respective dates of filing with the SEC, in all material respects with the
applicable accounting requirements and with the rules and regulations of the SEC, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act.

(b) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is a party to, nor does it have any commitment to become a party to, any
off-balance sheet joint venture, off-balance sheet partnership or any other “off-balance sheet arrangements” (as defined in Item 303(a)
of Regulation S-K of the SEC).
 

A-18



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 144/199

Table of Contents

(c) Since March 30, 2013, (i) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any
director or officer of the Company has received or otherwise had or obtained knowledge of any material complaint, allegation,
assertion or claim, whether written or oral, regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or auditing practices, procedures,
methodologies or methods of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any material complaint, allegation, assertion or claim from
employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary regarding questionable accounting or auditing matters with respect to the
Company or any Company Subsidiary, and (ii) no attorney representing the Company or any Company Subsidiary, whether or not
employed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, has reported evidence of a violation of securities Laws, breach of fiduciary
duty or similar violation by the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any of their respective officers, directors, employees or agents
to the Board of Directors of the Company or any committee thereof, or to the General Counsel or Chief Executive Officer of the
Company.

Section 4.09 Disclosure Documents. At the time the proxy statement of the Company to be filed with the SEC in connection with
the Merger (the “Proxy Statement”) or any amendments or supplements thereto is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company and
at the time of the Company Stockholder Approval, the Proxy Statement, as supplemented or amended, if applicable, will not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The representations and warranties
contained in this Section 4.09 will not apply to statements or omissions included or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement
based upon information supplied in writing by Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any of their respective Representatives or advisors
specifically for use or incorporation by reference therein.

Section 4.10 Absence of Certain Changes. Since the Company Balance Sheet Date, except for the execution and performance of
this Agreement and the discussions and negotiations related thereto, (a) the business of the Company and each Company Subsidiary
has been conducted in all material respects in the ordinary course consistent with past practices; (b) as of the date hereof, none of the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has undertaken any action that if taken after the date of this Agreement would require Parent’s
consent pursuant to Section 6.01(b), (e), (f), (i), (j), or (m) or Section 6.07(a); and (c) there has not been any event, occurrence,
development or state of circumstances or facts that has had or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

Section 4.11 No Undisclosed Material Liabilities. There are no liabilities or obligations of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary of any nature, whether accrued, contingent, absolute, determined or determinable, other than (i) liabilities or obligations
disclosed on, reserved against or provided for in the Company Balance Sheet or in the notes thereto; (ii) liabilities or obligations
incurred in the ordinary course of business since the Company Balance Sheet Date which have not had or would not reasonably be
expected to have a material and adverse effect on the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (iii) incurred under this Agreement or in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby and (iv) liabilities or obligations that would not have or would reasonably be
expected not to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company.

Section 4.12 Compliance with Laws and Court Orders; Permits.

(a) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is, and, since January 1, 2011, neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has been, in violation of Applicable Law or law by which any of their respective properties or businesses are bound or any
regulation issued under any of the foregoing, except for any such violation that, individually or in the aggregate, has not had a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company or any Company Subsidiary, taken as a whole. Since January 1, 2011, neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary has been notified by any Governmental Authority of any material violation, or any material investigation with
respect to any such Applicable Law or provided any notice to any Governmental Authority regarding any material violation by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary of any Applicable Law.

(b) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries hold, and have at all times since January 1, 2011, held, all franchises, grants,
authorizations, licenses, permits, easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates,
 

A-19



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 145/199

Table of Contents

approvals, clearances, permissions, qualifications and registrations and orders of all applicable Governmental Authorities necessary for
the lawful operation of the businesses of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, and have filed all tariffs, reports, notices and
other documents with all Governmental Authorities necessary for the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to own, lease and
operate their properties and assets and to carry on their businesses as they are now being conducted (the “Company Permits”) and
have paid all fees and assessments due and payable in connection therewith, except where the failure to have, file or pay has not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as has not
had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) all
Company Permits are valid and in full force and effect, are not subject to any administrative or judicial proceeding that could result in
any modification, termination or revocation thereof and, to the knowledge of the Company, no suspension or cancellation of any such
Company Permit is threatened; and (ii) the Company and each Company Subsidiary is in material compliance with the terms and
requirements of all Company Permits.

(c) Within the past five years, none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or any Representative acting on behalf of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, violated or is in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder (the “FCPA”), the UK Bribery Act of 2010 or its predecessor laws (the
“Bribery Act”), or any analogous anti-corruption Law (collectively, the “Anti-Corruption Laws”), nor engaged in any unlawful
transaction or dealing in property or interests in property of, received from or made any contribution of funds, goods or services to or
for the benefit of, provided any payments or material assistance to, or otherwise engage in or facilitated any transactions with or
involving a Person that is designated on, or at the time of the transaction or dealing was designated on, or a Person that is or was owned
or controlled by any Person that is designated on, or at the time of the transaction or dealing was designated on, any list of restricted
Persons maintained by any United States Governmental Authority. No proceeding by or before any Governmental Authority involving
the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any Affiliate of the Company, or any of their Representatives acting for or on their behalf,
with respect to any Anti-Corruption Law is pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, nor have any disclosures been
submitted to any Governmental Authority with respect to actual or potential violations of any Anti-Corruption Law by any such
Person.

(d) Within the past five years, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has complied in all material respects with all
applicable U.S. import, export, re-export, anti-boycott and economic sanctions Laws and controls and all other applicable import,
export and re-export Laws, including the Arms Export Control Act, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations, the Export
Administration Regulations, executive orders, regulations and other Laws implemented by the United States Department of the
Treasury, Office of Foreign Assets Control and the Laws administered by United States Customs and Border Protection, and all other
applicable import, export, re-export, anti-boycott and economic sanctions Laws and controls in other countries in which the Company
or any Company Subsidiary has conducted or currently conduct business.

(e) Within the past five years, the Company and each Company Subsidiary has obtained all material consents, orders and
declarations from, provided all material notices to, and made all material filings with, all Governmental Authorities required for (i) the
export, import and re-export of its products, services, software and technologies, and (ii) releases of technologies and software to
foreign nationals located in and outside the United States and abroad (the “Export Approvals”), and each of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries is and, within the past five years, has been in compliance in all material respects with the terms of all Export
Approvals. There are no pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened, claims against the Company or any Company
Subsidiary with respect to such Export Approvals.

Section 4.13 Litigation. There is no claim or Legal Proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened
in writing against, the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any present or former executive officer, or director of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, in their capacities as such or any of their respective properties before (or, in the case of threatened actions, suits,
investigations or proceedings, that would
 

A-20



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 146/199

Table of Contents

be before) or by (or, in the case of threatened actions, suits, investigations or proceedings, that would be by) any Governmental
Authority or arbitrator that (i) would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) in any manner seeks to prevent, enjoin, alter or materially delay the
Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated hereby. Section 4.13 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a correct and
complete list, as of the date of this Agreement, of all material claims and Legal Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of the
Company, threatened in writing against the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

Section 4.14 Properties.

(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries have good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all property and assets
reflected on the Company Balance Sheet or acquired after the Balance Sheet Date, except as have been disposed of since the Company
Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, in each case free and clear of all Liens, other than
Permitted Liens. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that matters regarding the infringement or violation of
Intellectual Property Rights of a Third Party are addressed solely in Section 4.15 and not in this Section 4.14.

(b) Section 4.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of all real property leased,
subleased, licensed or sublicensed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (collectively, the “Leased Real Property”). Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company, the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries have valid leasehold interests in all Leased Real Property, in each case free and clear of all Liens, other
than Permitted Liens. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is currently subleasing, licensing or otherwise granting a
Person any right to use or occupy a Leased Real Property.

(c) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary owns or has ever owned any real property.

Section 4.15 Intellectual Property.

(a) Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true and complete list of all registrations, applications for
registration and filings made or taken pursuant to the Applicable Laws by the Company and each Company Subsidiary to record,
perfect or protect any Owned Intellectual Property Rights. To the knowledge of the Company, none of the registrations or applications
have been abandoned, and all renewal and maintenance fees, taxes, annuities or other fees payable in respect of such Intellectual
Property Right and due before the Closing Date have been paid in full through the Closing Date. All actions required to record each
owner throughout the entire chain of title (starting with each inventor/author and ending with the Company or a Company Subsidiary)
of each such registration or application with each applicable Governmental Authority into the name of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary have been taken, including payment of all costs, fees, taxes and expenses associated with such recording activities. To the
knowledge of the Company, each such item of Owned Intellectual Property Rights that is issued or registered is valid and enforceable.

(b) (i) The Company and the Company Subsidiaries are sole owners of all Owned Intellectual Property Rights material to the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries and hold all right, title and interest in and to all Owned Intellectual Property Rights free and
clear of any Liens, and (ii) to the Company’s knowledge, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries own, are licensed or have a valid
and enforceable right to use, all of the Intellectual Property Rights used or held for use in, and material to, the conduct of the business
of the Company and each of the Company Subsidiaries. The transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not impair the right,
title, or interest of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries in or to any of the Owned Intellectual Property and each item of Owned
Intellectual Property will continue to be solely owned by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries immediately after the Closing.
 

A-21



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 147/199

Table of Contents

(c) To the knowledge of the Company, the conduct of the business of the Company and each Company Subsidiary as presently
and formerly conducted and the products, processes and services of the Company and each Company Subsidiary have not infringed
(directly or indirectly), misappropriated or otherwise violated, and do not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate, the Intellectual
Property Rights of any other Person in any material respect. To the knowledge of the Company, no Person has challenged the
patentability, validity, or enforceability of, or infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated any Owned Intellectual Property Rights.
Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written notice of or, to the knowledge of the Company, is there
threatened, any claim or Legal Proceeding alleging that the Company or any Company Subsidiary infringes (directly or indirectly),
misappropriates or otherwise violates any Intellectual Property Rights of any other Person (including any claim that the Company or a
Company Subsidiary must license or refrain from using any Intellectual Property Right of any other Person).

(d) The Company and each Company Subsidiary has at all times taken all customary and reasonable actions to protect their
material trade secrets, Company Software, and other material confidential information, and to protect the trade secrets and confidential
information of others provided to them.

(e) To the knowledge of the Company (i) neither the Company Software nor materials distributed or otherwise provided by the
Company or a Company Subsidiary to any other Person contains, references, links to or was created or modified using any Open
Source Materials or derivative thereof that would subject the Company Software to the terms of a license that would adversely affect
the proprietary nature of the product, (ii) none of the products sold, licensed or distributed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary
were created using or incorporating any software that would subject the product to the terms of a license that would adversely affect the
proprietary nature of the product, and (iii) there are no material problems or defects in any Company Software that prevent the
Company Software from operating substantially as described in its related documentation or specifications, or as otherwise warranted
to any Person.

Section 4.16 Taxes.

(a) All material Tax Returns required by Applicable Law to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, the Company
or any Company Subsidiary have been filed when due in accordance with all Applicable Law, and all such material Tax Returns are, or
shall be at the time of filing, true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(b) Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary has timely paid or withheld and remitted to the appropriate Taxing
Authority all material Taxes due and payable, or, where payment is not yet due, has established in accordance with GAAP an adequate
accrual for all material Taxes, which accrual is reflected in the Company Financial Statements through the end of the last period for
which the Company and each Company Subsidiary ordinarily record items on their respective books.

(c) No deficiencies for Taxes or other assessments relating to Taxes have been threatened or proposed in writing or assessed
against the Company that have not been disclosed and adequately reserved for in the Company Financial Statements. There is no
material claim or Legal Proceeding now pending or threatened in writing against or with respect to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary in respect of any material Tax or Tax Asset. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has waived any statute of
limitations with respect to Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to a Tax audit, assessment or deficiency.

(d) During the two-year period ending on the date hereof, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary was a distributing
corporation or a controlled corporation in a transaction intended to be governed by Section 355 of the Code.

(e) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been a party to any “listed transaction” within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.6011-4.
 

A-22



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 148/199

Table of Contents

(f) The Company will not be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any material item of deduction from,
taxable income for any taxable period ending after the Closing Date as a result of any: (i) change in method of accounting under
Section 481 of the Code or any similar provision of Applicable Law; (ii) installment sale or other open transaction disposition;
(iii) closing agreement described in Section 7121 of the Code or any similar provision of Applicable Law; (iv) an election under
Section 108(i) of the Code; or (v) intercompany transaction or excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations Section 1.1502 or
any similar provision of Applicable Law, in each case occurring, entered into, made or in existence prior to the Effective Time.

(g) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has, nor has it ever had (during any taxable period remaining open for the
assessment of Tax by any applicable Taxing Authority), any place of business or permanent establishment in any jurisdiction outside
the jurisdiction of its organization. No claim or inquiry has been made by a Taxing Authority in a jurisdiction where the Company or
any Company Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns asserting that it may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction or that it has a duty to
collect Taxes.

(h) The Company has properly and timely documented its transfer pricing methodology in compliance with Sections 482 and
6662 of the Code and any similar provision of Applicable Law.

(i) There are no Tax rulings, requests for rulings or closing agreements in effect or pending with any Taxing Authority relating to
the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

(j) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been a United States real property holding corporation within the
meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the Code during the applicable period specified in Section 897(c)(1)(A)(ii) of the Code.

(k) “Tax” means (i) any federal, state, local, foreign or other taxes, governmental fees, customs, duties, levies, imposts,
assessments, impositions or other similar government charges or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever (including
withholding on amounts paid to or by any Person), together with any interest, penalty, addition to tax or additional amount imposed by
any Governmental Authority (a “Taxing Authority”) responsible for the imposition of any such tax (domestic or foreign), and any
liability for any of the foregoing as transferee or successor, (ii) in the case of the Company or any of Company Subsidiary, liability for
the payment of any amount of the type described in clause (i) as a result of being or having been before the Effective Time a member of
an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, or a party to any agreement or arrangement, as a result of which liability of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary to a Taxing Authority is determined or taken into account with reference to the activities of any
other Person, and (iii) liability of the Company or any Company Subsidiary for the payment of any amount as a result of being party to
any Tax Sharing Agreement or with respect to the payment of any amount imposed on any Person of the type described in (i) or (ii) as
a result of any existing express or implied agreement or arrangement (including an indemnification agreement or arrangement). “Tax
Return” means any report, return, document, declaration or other information or filing (including any attachments thereto and any
amendment thereof) required to be supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including information returns, any
documents with respect to or accompanying payments of estimated Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the
extension of time in which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other information. “Tax Sharing Agreement”
means any existing agreement or arrangement (whether or not written) binding the Company or any Company Subsidiary that provide
for the allocation, apportionment, sharing or assignment of any Tax liability or benefit, or the transfer or assignment of income,
revenues, receipts, or gains for the purpose of determining any Person’s Tax liability (other than any such agreement or arrangement
(such as a lease) the principal purpose of which is not the sharing or allocation of Tax). “Tax Asset” means any net operating loss, net
capital loss, investment tax credit, foreign tax credit, charitable deduction or any other credit or tax attribute that could be carried
forward or back to reduce Taxes (including without limitation deductions and credits related to alternative minimum Taxes).
 

A-23



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 149/199

Table of Contents

Section 4.17 Employees and Employee Benefit Plan.

(a) Section 4.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains a correct and complete list identifying each material Employee
Plan and specifies whether such plan is a US Plan or an International Plan, provided that, any government program administered by a
Governmental Authority and with respect to which the employer’s sole obligation is to make contributions in the form of payroll or
other taxes, and any plan, agreement, arrangement, program or policy maintained solely to comply with statutory requirements shall
not be required to be listed on Section 4.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule. For each material Employee Plan, the Company
has provided or made available to Parent (i) a copy of such plan (or a description, if such plan is not written) and all amendments
thereto, as applicable, (ii) all trust agreements, insurance contracts or other funding arrangements and amendments thereto, (iii) the
current prospectus or summary plan description and all summaries of material modifications thereto as well as all annual reports and
summary annual reports, (iv) the most recent favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS, (v) the most recently filed annual
return/report (Form 5500) and accompanying schedules and attachments thereto, and (vi) the most recently prepared actuarial report
and financial statements. For each material International Plan (other than such plans for which the terms are prescribed by Applicable
Law), the Company has provided to Parent documents that are substantially comparable (taking into account differences in Applicable
Law and practices) to the documents required to be provided in clauses (i), (ii) and (vi).

(b) With respect to any US Plan, no non-exempt prohibited transaction has occurred that has caused or would reasonably be
expected to cause the Company or any Company Subsidiary to incur any material liability under ERISA or the Code, and there has
been no material breach of any of the duties imposed on “fiduciaries” (within the meaning of Section 3(21) of ERISA) by ERISA with
respect to the US Plans that would reasonably be expected to result in any material liability or excise tax under ERISA or the Code
being imposed on the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Neither the Company nor any of its ERISA Affiliates (nor any
predecessor of any such entity) sponsors, maintains, administers or contributes to (or has any obligation to contribute to), or has in the
past six years sponsored, maintained, administered or contributed to (or had any obligation to contribute to), or has or is reasonably
expected to have any direct or indirect liability with respect to, any plan that is (i) subject to Title IV of ERISA or (ii) a “multiemployer
plan” (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code).

(c) Each Employee Plan, and any award thereunder, that is or forms part of a “nonqualified deferred compensation plan” within
the meaning of Section 409A or 457A of the Code has materially complied in form and operation with, all applicable requirements of
Section 409A and 457A of the Code. Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has any agreement to gross-up, indemnify or
otherwise reimburse any current or former Service Provider for any Tax incurred by such Service Provider, including under Section
409A, 457A or 4999 of the Code.

(d) Each US Plan that is intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has been established
pursuant to a preapproved prototype or volume submitter plan document for which an IRS opinion letter has been obtained, each trust
created thereunder is exempt from Tax under the provisions of Section 501(a) of the Code, and, to the knowledge of the Company,
nothing has occurred that would reasonably be expected to result in the loss of such qualification or exemption. Each US Plan has been
maintained, operated, and administered in compliance in all material respects with its terms and any related documents or agreements
and in compliance in all material respects with the requirements of Applicable Law, including ERISA and the Code. No events have
occurred with respect to any US Plan that could reasonably be expected result in assessment against the Company of any material
excise taxes under ERISA or the Code.

(e) All contributions, premiums and payments that are due have been made for each Employee Plan within the time periods
prescribed by the terms of such plan and Applicable Law in all material respects, and all contributions, premiums and payments for any
period ending on or before the Closing Date that are not due are properly accrued to the extent required to be accrued under applicable
accounting principles in all material
 

A-24



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 150/199

Table of Contents

respects. To the knowledge of the Company, all material benefits, expenses and other amounts due and payable under any Employee
Plan prior to the date of this Agreement have been paid, made or accrued on or before the date of this Agreement.

(f) Except as set forth on Section 4.17(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the execution of this Agreement nor the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (either alone or together with any other event) will (i) entitle any
current or former Service Provider (or any dependents of such Persons) to any payment or benefit, including any bonus, retention,
severance, retirement or job security payment or benefit, (ii) enhance any benefits or accelerate the time of payment or vesting or
trigger any payment of funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, or increase the amount
payable or trigger any other obligation under, any Employee Plan or otherwise, or (iii) limit or restrict the right of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or, after Closing, Parent, to merge, amend or terminate any Employee Plan (excluding any awards under any
Company Stock Plan, and International Plans the continued maintenance of which is mandated by Applicable Law). The Company and
each Company Subsidiary has reserved all rights necessary to amend or terminate each of the Employee Plans (excluding International
Plans the terms of which are mandated by Applicable Law) without the consent of any other Person. Except as set forth in
Section 2.04, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has agreed or committed to institute any plan, program, arrangement
or agreement for the benefit of employees or former employees of the Company or any Company Subsidiary other than the Employee
Plans, or to make any amendments to any of the Employee Plans.

(g) Except as set forth on Section 4.17(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no amount that could be received (whether in
cash or property or the vesting of property) as a result of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by any employee,
officer or director of the Company or any of its Affiliates who is a “disqualified individual” (as such term is defined in Treasure
Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any employment, severance or termination agreement, other compensation arrangement or
Employee Plan currently in effect that would be characterized as an “excess parachute payment” (as such term is defined in
Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code).

(h) Except as set forth on Section 4.17(h) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Employee Plan provides or promises any post-
employment or post-retirement payments or benefits, including medical, dental, disability, hospitalization, life or similar benefits
(whether insured or self-insured), to any current or former Service Provider (other than coverage mandated by Applicable Law,
including the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985). No Employee Plan provides benefits to any individual who
is not a current or former Service Provider of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or the dependents or other beneficiaries of any
such current or former Service Provider.

(i) With respect to any insurance policy providing funding for benefits under any Employee Plan, (i) there is no material liability
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary in the nature of a retroactive rate adjustment, loss sharing arrangement, or other actual or
contingent liability, nor would there be any such material liability if such insurance policy was terminated on the date hereof, and (ii) to
the knowledge of the Company, no insurance company issuing any policy is in receivership, conservatorship, liquidation or similar
proceeding and, to the knowledge of the Company, no such proceeding with respect to any such insurer are, to the knowledge of the
Company, imminent.

(j) There is no claim or Legal Proceeding (or any basis therefore) (other than routine claims for benefits) pending against or
involving, or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened against or involving any Employee Plan before any arbitrator or any
Governmental Authority, including the IRS or the Department of Labor that, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with
plaintiff’s demands, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect. The Company
and each Company Subsidiary is, and, to the Company’s knowledge, for the past five years have been, in material compliance with all
Applicable Laws with respect to labor relations, employment and employment practices, including those relating to labor management
relations, wages, hours, overtime, discrimination, sexual harassment, civil rights, affirmative action,
 

A-25



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 151/199

Table of Contents

work authorization, immigration, safety and health, information privacy and security, workers compensation, and wage payment. To
the knowledge of the Company, each Service Provider is in compliance with all applicable visa and work permit requirements.

(k) Each International Plan (i) has been maintained in compliance with its terms and Applicable Law, except for failures to
comply or violations that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material
Adverse Effect on the Company, (ii) if intended to qualify for special tax treatment, complies in all material respects with all the
requirements for such treatment, and (iii) if required, to any extent, to be funded, book-reserved or secured by an insurance policy, is
fully funded, book-reserved or secured by an insurance policy, as applicable, based on reasonable actuarial assumptions in accordance
with applicable accounting principles.

(l) Neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary is or has been party to or subject to, or is currently negotiating in
connection with entering into, any Collective Bargaining Agreement. During the past five years, there has not been any organizational
campaign, petition or other unionization or works council activity seeking recognition of a collective bargaining unit relating to any
Service Provider. There are no, and for the past five years, there have not been any, labor strikes, slowdowns, stoppages, picketing,
interruptions of work or lockouts pending, other material labor difficulty involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary
employees or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened against or affecting the Company or any Company Subsidiary. There are no
unfair labor practice complaints pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened against the Company or any Company Subsidiary
before the National Labor Relations Board or any other Governmental Authority or any current union representation questions
involving Service Providers.

(m) The Company and each Company Subsidiary is, and has been, in compliance with WARN in all material respects. Neither the
Company nor any Company Subsidiary has taken any action that (i) would reasonably be expected to cause Parent or any of its
Affiliates to have any material liability or other obligation following the Closing Date under WARN as determined without regard to
any action taken after the Closing, (ii) would constitute a “mass layoff” or “plant closing” within the meaning of WARN or would
otherwise trigger notice requirements or liability under WARN, or (iii) resulted in the termination of employment of 50 or more
employees or more than 10% of the employees in any country outside of the United States during any 90 day period.

(n) All employees of the Company and each Company Subsidiary are employed on an at will basis, except as provided by
Applicable Law outside of the United States.

(o) To the knowledge of the Company, no Service Provider is in violation in any material respect of any term of any employment
agreement, non-disclosure, confidentiality agreement, or consulting agreement with the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
non-competition agreement, non-solicitation agreement or any restrictive covenant with a former employer relating to the right of any
such employee to be employed by or provide services to the Company or any Company Subsidiary because of the nature of the
business conducted or presently proposed to be conducted by it or to the use of trade secrets or proprietary information of others.

Section 4.18 Environmental Matters. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Material Adverse Effect on the Company:

(a) no written notice, order, complaint or penalty has been received by the Company or any Company Subsidiary arising out of
any Environmental Laws, and there are no judicial, administrative or other claims or Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Company’s
knowledge, threatened which allege a violation by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of any Environmental Laws;

(b) the Company and each Company Subsidiary has and in the past has had all Environmental Permits necessary for their
operations to comply with all applicable Environmental Laws and are in compliance with the terms of such Environmental Permits;
 

A-26



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 152/199

Table of Contents

(c) the operations of the Company and each of Company Subsidiary are and have been in compliance with the terms of applicable
Environmental Laws;

(d) the operations of the Company and Company Subsidiary have not caused any releases of Hazardous Substances at any
location requiring any investigation or remediation under any Environmental Law; and

(e) the Company has made available to Parent true and correct copies of all environmental records, reports, notifications,
certificates of need, permits, pending permit applications, engineering studies and environmental studies or assessments in the
possession of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of their advisors related to any property leased or used by the Company
or any Company Subsidiary.

Section 4.19 Material Contracts.

(a) Section 4.19(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth an accurate and complete list of each Contract of the following
nature to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is bound:

(i) any “material contract” (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC);

(ii) any Contract with a Major Supplier, excluding any purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business;

(iii) any Contract with a Major Customer, excluding any purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business pursuant
to a Contract listed in Section 4.19(a)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule between the Company or any Company
Subsidiary and such Major Customer; provided, however, that any purchase orders defining the term “Restricted Technology”
shall be listed;

(iv) any Contract with a Major Distributor;

(v) any Contract relating to the Leased Real Property;

(vi) any lease or sublease of personal property providing for annual payments of $500,000 or more;

(vii) any Contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any business (whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets
or otherwise);

(viii) any partnership, joint venture, revenue-sharing or other similar Contract;

(ix) any Contract that limits or purports to limit the freedom of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to sell any
products or services, solicit any customer or employee or to compete in any line of business or with any Person or in any area or
during any period of time or which would so limit the freedom of the Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries
after the Closing Date;

(x) any Contract relating to indebtedness for borrowed money or the deferred purchase price of property (in either case,
whether incurred, assumed, guaranteed or secured by any asset) in excess of $2,000,000 pursuant to which the Company or a
Company Subsidiary has ongoing obligations;

(xi) any Contract that grants any Person “most favored nation” status or any type of special discount rates or obligates the
Company or any Company Subsidiary (or following the Effective Time, Parent or its Subsidiaries) to conduct business with any
Person on a preferential or exclusive basis;

(xii) any Contract with any director or officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or with any “associate” or any
member of the “immediate family” (as such terms are respectively defined in Rules 12b-2 and 16a-1 of the Exchange Act) of any
such director or officer, except for Employee Plans;

(xiii) any Contract pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary obtains any license, sublicense, right to use,
covenant not to be sued, immunity from suit, option, right of first refusal, right of

 
A-27



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 153/199

Table of Contents

first offer or other similar right with respect to any Intellectual Property Right or otherwise requires the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to make payments that are based on the amount of income or revenue of the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries, other than any commercial off-the-shelf software licensed by the Company or any Company Subsidiary not
customized for the Company’s or any Company Subsidiary’s use with a replacement cost and/or aggregate annual license and
maintenance fee of less than $100,000;

(xiv) any Contract pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary grants any license, sublicense, right to use,
covenant not to be sued, immunity from suit, option, right of first refusal, right of first offer or other similar right with respect to
any Intellectual Property Right, other than any non-exclusive licenses granted to customers entered into in the ordinary course of
business in connection with the sale of the Company’s products or services;

(xv) any Contract wherein the Company or any Company Subsidiary assigns or is obligated to assign, any title, in whole or
in part, solely or jointly, beneficially or actually, with respect to any Intellectual Property Right, or any Person has an option or
other right concerning any of the foregoing;

(xvi) any Contract providing for the development of any Intellectual Property Right for the Company or a Company
Subsidiary or that contains an assignment, an obligation to assign, or an option or right of first refusal for any of the foregoing
with respect to any Intellectual Property Right, other than Contracts between the Company or a Company Subsidiary and its
respective employee entered in the standard form of agreement disclosed to Parent;

(xvii) any Contract that, upon the execution of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger may, either alone or in
combination with any other event, result in any payment (whether of severance pay or otherwise) becoming due from the
Company or any Company Subsidiary to any officer or employee thereof;

(xviii) any Collective Bargaining Agreement;

(xix) any Contract that obligates the Company or any Company Subsidiary to make any loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any Person;

(xx) any Contract entered into since March 30, 2013 in connection with the settlement or resolution of any Legal Proceeding
or material claim;

(xxi) any Contract that involved the payment of more than $3,000,000 by the Company together with the Company
Subsidiaries in 2015 or that is expected to result in the payment of such amount by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
in 2016, excluding (A) purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business involving the payment of less than $1,000,000
by the Company and any Company Subsidiary in 2015 or that is expected to result in the payment of such amount by the
Company and any Company Subsidiary in 2016 and (B) Contracts with customers, suppliers and distributors;

(xxii) any Contract that involved the receipt of more than $3,000,000 by the Company and any Company Subsidiary in 2015
or that is expected to result in the receipt of such amount by the Company and any Company Subsidiary in 2016, excluding
(A) purchase orders issued in the ordinary course of business involving the payment of less than $1,000,000 by the Company and
any Company Subsidiary in 2015 or that is expected to result in the payment of such amount by the Company and any Company
Subsidiary in 2016 and (B) Contracts with customers, suppliers and distributors;

(xxiii) any Contract providing for the outsourcing, contract manufacturing, testing, assembly, supply or fabrication of any
material products, technology or services of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;

(xxiv) any Contract relating to the supply of any item used by the Company or any Company Subsidiary that is a sole source
of supply of any raw material, component or service;

(xxv) any Contract for any capital expenditure in excess of $2,000,000 individually or in the aggregate payable to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary has continuing monetary obligations;

 
A-28



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 154/199

Table of Contents

(xxvi) any Contract for which the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby would require the consent or other action by any Person under, constitute
a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a default under, or cause or permit the
termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which the Company
or any Company Subsidiary is entitled;

(xxvii) any Government Contract; and

(xxviii) any Contract relating to the creation of any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) with respect to any material asset of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

The Company has made available to Parent, or with respect to clause (a)(i) of this Section 4.19, filed or furnished with the SEC prior to
the date of this Agreement, a correct and complete copy of each contract, agreement, arrangement or understanding of the type
described in clauses (i)-(xxviii) of this Section 4.19 (each, a “Material Contract”), including all amendments or modifications thereto.

(b) Except as would not have a Material Adverse Effect on the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
(i) each Material Contract is a valid and binding obligation of the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary and, to the
knowledge of the Company, of the other party or parties thereto enforceable against the Company or the applicable Company
Subsidiary and, to the knowledge of the Company, against the other party or parties thereto in accordance with its terms (subject to
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other laws affecting creditors’ rights generally
and general principles of equity); (ii) the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary has performed in all respects all obligations
required to be performed by it under, and is not in default under or in breach of, each Material Contract and, to the knowledge of the
Company, each other party to each Material Contract has performed all obligations required to be performed by it under, and is not in
default under or in breach of, such Material Contract; and (iii) since March 30, 2014, the Company has not received written notice of
any violation or default under (nor, to the knowledge of the Company, does there exist any condition which with or without notice or
lapse of time or both would cause such a violation of, a material default under or any acceleration or increase of obligations or rights
thereunder) any Material Contract. There are no disputes pending or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened with respect to any
Material Contract as of the date of this Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, neither the Company nor any Company
Subsidiary has received any written notice, or to the knowledge of the Company, oral notice from any other party to any Material
Contract of its intention to terminate for default, convenience or otherwise such Material Contract prior to its stated expiration date or
that it intends to not renew or to materially and adversely change the terms of (whether related to payment, price or otherwise) its
relationship with the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

Section 4.20 Additional Payments. Section 4.20 of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all earn-out, milestone or other
contingent payments and any material terms related thereto under any Contract relating to the acquisition or disposition of any business
(whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise).

Section 4.21 Customers, Distributors and Suppliers.

(a) Section 4.21(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists the 10 largest customers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries (determined on the basis of aggregate revenues recognized by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries over the four
consecutive fiscal quarter period ended October 2, 2016) (each, a “Major Customer”).

(b) Section 4.21(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists the 10 largest suppliers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries (determined on the basis of aggregate purchases made by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries over the four
consecutive fiscal quarter period ended October 2, 2016) (each, a “Major Supplier”).
 

A-29



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 155/199

Table of Contents

(c) Section 4.21(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists the 10 largest distributors of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries (determined on the basis of aggregate sales made by the distributor over the four consecutive fiscal quarter period ended
October 2, 2016) (each, a “Major Distributor”).

Section 4.22 Insurance. The Company has made available to Parent all material insurance policies and fidelity bonds relating to
the business, equipment, properties, employees, officers or directors, assets and operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries
(collectively, the “Insurance Policies”). Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, each of the Insurance Policies are maintained in such amounts and against such risks as is required by Applicable Law and
any Contracts of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Each of the Insurance Policies is in full force and effect, all premiums due
and payable thereon have been paid when due and the Company is in compliance in with the terms and conditions of the Insurance
Policies. The Company has not received any written notice regarding any invalidation or cancellation of any Insurance Policy that has
not been renewed in the ordinary course without any lapse in coverage. During the one-year period prior to the date of this Agreement,
neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has received any written communication notifying it of any refusal of coverage or
rejection of any claim under any Insurance Policy or any material adjustment in the amount of the premiums payable with respect to
any Insurance Policy. There are no pending material claims under any Insurance Policies in respect of which the insurer has issued a
notice of denial or a reservation of rights.

Section 4.23 Finders’ Fees. Except for Qatalyst Partners LP, a copy of whose engagement agreement has been provided to Parent,
there is no investment banker, broker, finder or other intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary who might be entitled to any fee or commission from the Company or any of its Affiliates in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.24 Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Board of Directors of the Company has received the opinion of Qatalyst Partners
LP, financial advisor to the Company, to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions
limitations, qualifications and conditions set forth therein, the consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Company Stock
(other than the Parent or any Affiliate of Parent) pursuant to this Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders (it
being understood and agreed that such opinion is for the benefit of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be relied upon
by Parent or Merger Sub). The Company shall make available to Parent a copy of such opinion promptly following the execution of
this Agreement for informational purposes only.

Section 4.25 Government Contracts.

(a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the
Company, since January 1, 2011, no money due to the Company or such Company Subsidiary under a Government Contract has been
withheld or set off or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened to be withheld or set off.

(b) Since January 1, 2011, neither the Company, nor any Company Subsidiary, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any officer,
director, owner or employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, has been suspended, debarred, proposed for debarment or
excluded from any Government Contract or government program, or determined to be nonresponsible with respect to any Government
Contract or government program, and, to the knowledge of the Company, there is no threat, proposal or valid basis for such suspension,
debarment, proposal for debarment or exclusion of any of the Company, any Company Subsidiary, or any officer, director, owner or
employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

(c) Since January 1, 2011, neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary has been, with respect to any Government Contract
or Bid, audited or investigated by any Governmental Entity, or subject to any civil claim, indictment or information, tolling or consent
agreement, termination for convenience or default, notice of intent
 

A-30



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 156/199

Table of Contents

to terminate for default, adverse size determination, cure notice, stop work notice, show cause notice, recoupment or refund, notice of
deficiency, material disallowance of claimed costs or penalty for expressly unallowable costs and, to the knowledge of the Company,
none of the foregoing actions have been threatened.

Section 4.26 State Takeover Statutes. Assuming the accuracy of Parent’s representations in Section 5.07, the Board of Directors of
the Company has taken all action necessary to render inapplicable to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby
(including the Merger) all potentially applicable state anti-takeover statutes or regulations (including Section 203 of the DGCL) and
any similar provisions in the Company Certificate or Company Bylaws.

Section 4.27 Product Liability. Section 4.27 of the Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of (a) each defective product and service
warranty claim, or group of claims arising from substantially similar occurrences, events or set of facts, of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries involving an amount (including amounts related to refunds, compensation and expenses) in excess of
$1,000,000 and (b) each product liability and product recall claim of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, in each of clauses
(a) and (b) outstanding or experienced within the past five years.

Section 4.28 Data Privacy.

(a) The Company and each Company Subsidiary (i) are and have been in compliance in all material respects with their published
privacy policies and internal privacy policies and guidelines, contractual obligations and, to the Company’s knowledge, all Applicable
Laws relating to data privacy, data collection, data protection and data security and (ii) take and have implemented and maintain
commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical measures to ensure that personally identifiable information is protected
against loss, damage, and unauthorized access, use, modification or other misuse.

(b) To the Company’s knowledge, since January 1, 2011, there has been no material loss, damage or unauthorized access, use,
unauthorized transmission, modification or other misuse of any personally identifiable information that was collected by or on behalf
of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or that is in the possession or control of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, any of
their employees or contractors or any other Person. The Company and each Company Subsidiary have made all required disclosures to,
and obtained any necessary consents from, users, customers, employees, contractors, Governmental Authorities and other applicable
Persons required by Applicable Laws related to data privacy, data collection, data protection and data security and have filed any
required registrations with the applicable data protection authority.

(c) The Company and each Company Subsidiary have confidentiality agreements in place with all vendors or other Persons
whose relationship with the Company or any Company Subsidiary involves the collection, use, disclosure, storage or processing of
material amounts of personally identifiable information on behalf of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, which agreements
require such Persons to protect such personally identifiable information in a manner materially consistent with the Company’s
published privacy policies and internal privacy policies and which require such vendors to report any breach of security of such
personally identifiable information promptly.

ARTICLE 5
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT

Parent represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section 5.01 Corporate Existence and Power. Each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary is a corporation duly incorporated or
organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and has all corporate powers and all
material governmental licenses, franchises, authorizations,
 

A-31



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 157/199

Table of Contents

permits, certificates, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted, except for those jurisdictions where
the failure to be so qualified would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent or Merger Sub. Since the date of its incorporation, Merger Subsidiary has not engaged in any activities other than in connection
with or as contemplated by this Agreement or in connection with arranging any financing required to consummate the transactions
contemplated hereby. Merger Subsidiary was incorporated solely for the purpose of engaging in and consummating the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Merger Subsidiary have been validly issued, are
fully paid and nonassessable and are owned, and at the Effective Time will be owned, directly or indirectly, by Parent. Parent has
heretofore made available to the Company correct and complete copies of the organizational documents of Parent and certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of Merger Subsidiary as currently in effect.

Section 5.02 Corporate Authorization. Each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary has the requisite corporate (or other applicable)
power and authority to enter into and deliver this Agreement and all other agreements and documents contemplated hereby to which it
is a party and to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and
Merger Subsidiary, the performance by each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by
each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the Merger have been duly authorized by the boards of directors (or other applicable
governing body) of each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary. No other corporate (or other applicable) proceedings on the part of Parent or
Merger Subsidiary are necessary to authorize the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance by either Parent or Merger
Subsidiary of its obligations hereunder and the consummation by either Parent or Merger Subsidiary of the Merger. This Agreement
has been duly executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary and constitutes a valid and binding obligation of each of
Parent and Merger Subsidiary, enforceable in accordance with its terms (subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent
transfer, reorganization, moratorium and other Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally and general principles of
equity).

Section 5.03 Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this
Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in
respect of, filing with, or consent of any Governmental Authority, other than (a) the filing of the certificate of merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware pursuant to the Delaware Law and related documentation and appropriate documents with the relevant
authorities of other states in which the Company is qualified to do business, (b) compliance with any applicable requirements of the
HSR Act and Antitrust Laws set forth on Section 4.03 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (c) compliance with any applicable
requirements of the NYSE, the Securities Act, the Exchange Act, and any other applicable state or federal securities laws, (d) filings
with, submissions as may be advisable to, and clearances, permits, authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required from,
CFIUS in order to obtain the CFIUS Approval, (e) filings with, submissions as may be advisable to and clearances, permits,
authorizations, consents and approvals as may be required from the French Ministère de l’Economie, de l’Industrie et du
Numérique under Articles L.151-3 and R.153-1 et seq. of the French Monetary and Financial Code and (f) such other consents,
approvals, orders, waivers, authorizations, actions, nonactions, registrations, declarations, filings, permits and notices the failure of
which to be obtained or made would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on
Parent.

Section 5.04 Non-contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of this Agreement
and the consummation by Parent and Merger Subsidiary of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) contravene,
conflict with, or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the organizational documents of Parent or Merger Subsidiary,
(b) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 5.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any
provision of any Applicable Law, (c) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 5.03, require any consent or other
action by any Person under, constitute a default, or an event that, with or without notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
default, under, or cause or permit the termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any
 

A-32



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 158/199

Table of Contents

right or obligation or the loss of any benefit to which Parent or Merger Subsidiary is entitled under any provision of any agreement or
other instrument binding upon Parent or Merger Subsidiary or any license, franchise, authorization, permit, certificate, approval or
other similar authorization affecting, or relating in any way to, the assets or business of the Parent and Merger Subsidiary or (d) result
in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than Permitted Lines) on any asset of the Parent or Merger Subsidiary, with only such
exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (b) through (d), as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have
a Material Adverse Effect on Parent.

Section 5.05 Disclosure Documents. The information supplied by Parent in writing for inclusion in the Proxy Statement will not,
at the time the Proxy Statement and any amendments or supplements thereto is first mailed to the stockholders of the Company and at
the time of the Company Stockholder Approval contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact
required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading.

Section 5.06 Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no claim or Legal Proceeding pending, or to the knowledge of Parent,
threatened against, Parent or Merger Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates that would reasonably be expected to prevent or
materially impair or delay the consummation of the Merger or other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 5.07 Ownership of Shares. None of Parent, Merger Subsidiary or any of their respective Affiliates owns (beneficially or
otherwise) any Company Securities (or any other economic interest through derivative securities or otherwise in the Company).

Section 5.08 Vote/Approval Required. No vote or consent of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of Parent is
necessary to approve this Agreement or the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby. The vote or consent of Parent as the
sole stockholder of Merger Subsidiary (which shall have occurred prior to the Effective Time) is the only vote or consent of the holders
of any class or series of capital stock of Merger Subsidiary necessary to approve this Agreement or the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated hereby.

Section 5.09 Sufficiency of Funds. Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall have available sufficient funds to consummate the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and to perform their respective obligations under this Agreement.

Section 5.10 Solvency. Neither Parent nor Merger Subsidiary is entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors. Immediately after giving effect to all of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the payment of the Merger Consideration and all other amounts required to be paid in
connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including any repayment or refinancing of
indebtedness of the Company required in connection with the Merger, assuming (i) satisfaction of the conditions to the obligation of
Parent and Merger Subsidiary to consummate the Merger as set forth herein, (ii) the accuracy in all material respects as of the date of
this Agreement and as of the Closing Date of the representations and warranties of the Company set forth in Article 4 (disregarding all
Material Adverse Effect and materiality qualifiers, other than the Material Adverse Effect standard in Section 4.10), and (iii) the
Company’s compliance with its covenants, the Surviving Corporation will be solvent (as such term is used under Delaware Law).

ARTICLE 6
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

The Company agrees that:

Section 6.01 Conduct of the Company. From the date hereof until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms and the Effective Time, except (w) as expressly required or
 

A-33



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 159/199

Table of Contents

permitted by this Agreement, (x) as set forth in Section 6.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, (y) as required by Applicable Law,
or (z) with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), the
Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to conduct its business in the ordinary course and substantially in
accordance with past practice. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company
Subsidiary to use its commercially reasonable efforts to keep available the services of the current officers, key employees and
consultants of the Company and each Company Subsidiary, and preserve the current relationships of the Company and each Company
Subsidiary with customers, suppliers and other Persons whom the Company or any Company Subsidiary has significant business
relations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except (i) with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed with respect to Section 6.01(d), Section 6.01(g), Section 6.01(h), Section 6.01(i) and
Section 6.01(k)), (ii) as expressly permitted or required by this Agreement, (iii) as set forth in Section 6.01 of the Company Disclosure
Schedule or (iv) as required by Applicable Law, from the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time or the termination of this
Agreement in accordance with its terms, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of Company Subsidiary to:

(a) amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents (whether by merger, consolidation or
otherwise), or otherwise take any action to exempt any Person from any provision of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other
similar organizational documents;

(b) (i) split, combine, subdivide, amend the terms of or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, (ii) make, declare, set aside or
pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock,
other than dividends by any Company Subsidiary to the Company or to another Company Subsidiary, respectively, or (iii) redeem,
repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any Company Securities or any securities of a
Company Subsidiary, except (A) in connection with repurchase of Company Stock consistent with the terms of the Company Stock
Plans and in connection with the payment of Taxes related thereto or (B) upon the conversion of Company Notes in accordance with
their terms or the exercise of Company Hedge Options in accordance with their terms;

(c) (i) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of any Company Securities or securities of a
Company Subsidiary, except (A) issuances of Company Stock Options, Company RSUs, or Company Restricted Stock in accordance
with Section 6.01(i), (B) issuances in the ordinary course of business of any securities of a Company Subsidiary to the Company or any
other Company Subsidiary, (C) issuances in the ordinary course of business of any shares of Company Stock upon the exercise of
Company Stock Options or the vesting or settlement of Company RSUs as required pursuant to the terms of the Company Stock Plans
governing such awards as in effect on the date of this Agreement, or (D) issuances of Company Stock pursuant to the Company Notes
in accordance with their terms and the Call Spread Warrants in accordance with their terms, (ii) materially amend any term of any
Company Security or any securities of a Company Subsidiary (in each case, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise), or
(iii) enter into any agreement or arrangement with respect to the sale or voting of the Company Securities or securities of a Company
Subsidiary other than Confidentiality Agreements in compliance with Section 6.03(b)(i);

(d) incur any capital expenditures or any obligations or liabilities in respect thereof, other than (i) pursuant to and in accordance
with the Company capital expenditure plan as set forth in Section 6.01(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) an amount, per
quarter, not to exceed $1.0 million in the aggregate, and provided further, that if any of the items specified in the Company capital
expenditure plan as set forth in Schedule 6.01(d) are not incurred in the designated quarter, the Company may incur those expenditures
in future quarters;

(e) (i) sell, transfer, assign, lease, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose of any of its Intellectual Property rights, material
properties or assets to any Person other than (A) sales of inventory to the Company or a Company Subsidiary, sales of inventory or of
obsolete equipment in the ordinary course of business, or pursuant to written contracts or commitments existing as of the date of this
Agreement and set forth on Section 6.01(e) of
 

A-34



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 160/199

Table of Contents

the Company Disclosure Schedule or (B) sales, transfers or dispositions of tangible assets in the ordinary course of business in
transactions involving an aggregate amount of less than $5,000,000, or (ii) cancel, release or assign any Indebtedness of any Person
owed to it or any claims held by it against any Person;

(f) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other than (i) loans, advances or
capital contributions to, or investments in, the Company Subsidiaries or (ii) advances to its employees in respect of travel or other
related business expenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(g) (i) create, incur, assume, endorse, suffer to exist or otherwise become liable with respect to any indebtedness for borrowed
money or guarantees thereof or issue or sell any debt securities or calls, options, warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities
(directly, contingently or otherwise) other than debt that is equal to or less than $1,000,000 in the aggregate with respect to the
Company and all of the Company Subsidiaries that is unsecured and prepayble without penalty or (ii) incur any Lien on any of its
material property or assets, except for Permitted Liens;

(h) enter into any Contract that would constitute a Material Contract if it were in effect on the date of this Agreement, or
terminate, release, assign, materially amend, extend or otherwise modify or waive any of the terms of any existing Material Contract
other than (i) to the extent permitted by Section 6.01(d), Section 6.01(i) or Section 6.01(k) and (ii) the entry, termination, release,
assignment, amendment, extension or other modification by the Company or any Company Subsidiary, in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice of a Material Contract as described in Sections 4.19(a)(i), (a)(ii), (a)(iii), (a)(vi), (a)(xiii), (a)
(xxiv), (a)(xxiii);

(i) except as set forth on Section 6.01(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, or required under Applicable Law or this
Agreement or any Employee Plan, (i) take any action with respect to, adopt, enter into, terminate or amend any Employee Plan
(including the Company Stock Plans), or make or implement any increase in compensation, (ii) take any action with respect to, adopt,
enter into, terminate or amend any Collective Bargaining Agreement, (iii) grant any awards under any bonus, incentive, performance or
other compensation plan or arrangement or benefit plan, (iv) hire any Service Provider at the level of vice president or above (or
promote into such level), except to replace any vacancy in a current position that arises after the date of this Agreement where such hire
(or promotion) is on terms that are no less favorable to the Company than the terms that the Company was providing to the Service
Provider that is being replaced and only after consultation with Parent, (v) hire or promote any Service Provider at the level below vice
president other than in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or (vi) terminate, other than for cause, the
employment or service of any Service Provider at the level of vice president or above or who participates in the Company’s bonus plan
established for top 20% employees;

(j) implement or adopt any change in the Company’s financial accounting principles, practices or methods, except as required by
concurrent changes in GAAP or in Regulation S-X of the Exchange Act, as agreed to by its independent public accountants;

(k) settle, or offer or propose to settle, any Legal Proceeding or other claim involving or against the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries, other than any such settlement (i) involving solely monetary remedies with a value not in excess of $1,000,000
individually, or $3,000,000 in the aggregate, (ii) which does not impose any restriction on the Company’s or any Company Subsidiary’s
business, (iii) which does not include any admission of liability of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries, (iv) which does not
relate to any litigation by the Company’s stockholders in connection with this Agreement or the Merger and (v) pursuant to which the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries receive a full release of claims;

(l) adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other
reorganization;
 

A-35



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 161/199

Table of Contents

(m) (i) acquire (whether by merger or consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or by formation of a joint venture or otherwise)
any other Person or business or any material assets, deposits or properties of any other Person, or (ii) make any material investment in
any other Person either by purchase of stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfers or purchase of property or assets
of any Person other than a Company Subsidiary;

(n) cancel, permit to lapse, abandon, fail to prosecute, or fail to renew or maintain any material Intellectual Property Rights of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary, or disclose to any third party any material trade secret included in the Intellectual Property of
the Company or any Company Subsidiary in a way that results in loss of trade secret protection that is material to the operation of the
Company’s business; or

(o) agree to take, or make any commitment to take, any of the foregoing actions that are prohibited pursuant to this Section 6.01.

For the purposes of clarity, nothing contained in this Agreement shall give Parent, directly or indirectly, the right to control or
direct the Company’s or the Company Subsidiaries’ operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company
shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its and the Company
Subsidiaries’ respective operations.

Section 6.02 Proxy Statement; Company Stockholder Meeting.

(a) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to prepare (with Parent’s cooperation to the extent required) and
file with the SEC a preliminary Proxy Statement for the Company Stockholder Meeting that complies in all material respects with the
provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and other Applicable Law as soon as practicable following the
date hereof (and in any event will file the preliminary Proxy Statement no later than 20 Business Days after the date of this
Agreement). The Proxy Statement shall include all information reasonably requested by Parent to be included therein.

(b) The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to respond promptly to any comments from the SEC or the staff of
the SEC on the Proxy Statement. The Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed
to its stockholders as promptly as practicable (and in any event within five Business Days) following the later of (i) the resolution of
any comments from the SEC or the staff of the SEC with respect to the preliminary Proxy Statement and (ii) the expiration of the ten
day waiting period provided in Rule 14a-6(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act (the later of (i) and (ii), the “Clearance Date”)).
The Company shall notify Parent promptly of the receipt of any comments from the SEC or the staff of the SEC and of any request by
the SEC or the staff of the SEC for amendments or supplements to the Proxy Statement or for additional information and shall supply
Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or the staff
of the SEC, on the other hand, with respect to the Proxy Statement and a reasonable description of any oral comments with respect to
the Proxy Statement received from the SEC or the staff of the SEC. No filing of, or amendment or supplement to, or written response
to staff comments on, the Proxy Statement will be made by the Company, without providing Parent and its counsel a reasonable
opportunity to review and comment thereon (a reasonable amount of time shall be assumed to be a period of five Business Days unless
a shorter period of time is required by Applicable Law or a Governmental Authority) and including all reasonable comments given by
Parent or its Representatives. If at any time prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting (or any adjournment or postponement thereof)
any information relating to the Company or Parent, or any of their respective Affiliates, directors or officers, is discovered by the
Company or Parent which is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, so that the Proxy
Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such information
shall promptly notify the other parties hereto and the Company shall use its commercially reasonable efforts to promptly file an
appropriate amendment or supplement describing such information with the SEC and, to the extent required by Applicable Law,
disseminate such amendment or supplement to the stockholders of the Company.
 

A-36



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 162/199

Table of Contents

(c) The Company shall in consultation with Parent duly call, establish a record date for, give notice of, and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to convene and hold a special meeting of its stockholders, for the purpose of voting upon the adoption of this
Agreement (the “Company Stockholder Meeting”), so that the Company Stockholder Meeting occurs as soon as possible following
the Clearance Date, and in any event within 25 Business Days following the date on which the definitive Proxy Statement is initially
mailed to the stockholders of the Company, in accordance with Applicable Law and the Company Certificate and Company Bylaws.
The Company shall not include any other proposals (other than a proposal relating to an advisory vote relating to executive
compensation and the adjournment of the Company Stockholder Meeting) in the Proxy Statement without the prior written consent of
Parent or unless Parent so reasonably requests. The Company shall not adjourn, postpone, cancel, recess or reschedule the Company
Stockholder Meeting; provided that (i) the Company may postpone or adjourn the Company Stockholder Meeting without the prior
written consent of Parent (but after consultation with Parent) (A) if as of the time for which the Company Stockholder Meeting is
originally scheduled (as set forth in the Proxy Statement) there are insufficient shares of Common Stock represented (either in person
or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business of the Company Stockholder Meeting or to the extent that at
such time the Company has not received proxies sufficient to allow the receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval at the Company
Stockholder Meeting, except that, without the prior written consent of Parent, (1) no single such adjournment or postponement shall be
for more than five Business Days and (2) in no event may the Company Stockholder Meeting be postponed to later than the date that is
15 Business Days after the date for which the Company Stockholder Meeting was originally scheduled and (B) to allow time for the
filing and dissemination of, and a sufficient period for evaluation by the Company’s stockholders of, any supplemental or amended
disclosure document to the extent that the Company’s Board of Directors has determined in good faith (after consultation with the
Company’s outside legal counsel) is necessary or required under Applicable Law, except that the duration of such adjournment or
postponement shall be limited to the minimum duration reasonably necessary to remedy the circumstances giving rise to such
adjournment or postponement, and (ii) the Company shall postpone or adjourn the Company Stockholder Meeting up to two times for
up to 30 days each time upon the request of Parent to the extent that at such time the Company has not received proxies sufficient to
allow the receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval at the Company Stockholder Meeting (but not later than 10 days prior to the
End Date). Except during such time as a valid Adverse Recommendation Change is in effect in accordance with Section 6.03(b), the
Company shall solicit the Company Stockholder Approval in accordance with Applicable Law, use commercially reasonable efforts to
obtain the Company Stockholder Approval and shall include in the Proxy Statement the Company Board Recommendation. Without
limiting the generality of the foregoing, unless this Agreement has been terminated in accordance with its terms, the Company shall
submit this Agreement for adoption by its stockholders at the Company Stockholder Meeting whether or not an Adverse
Recommendation Change shall have occurred; provided that the Proxy Statement shall include, if applicable, the disclosure of the
Adverse Recommendation Change made in accordance with Section 6.03(b).

Section 6.03 No Solicitation; Other Offers.

(a) General Prohibitions. Neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries shall, nor shall the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries authorize or permit any of its or their Representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or take any
action to knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement of any inquiry, proposal or offer
(including any inquiry, proposal or offer to the Company’s stockholders) which constitutes or would be reasonably expected to lead to
any Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any information relating to the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage
any effort by any Third Party that is reasonably expected to make, or is otherwise seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition
Proposal (other than, solely in response to an unsolicited inquiry, to refer the inquiring Third Party to this Section 6.03 and to limit its
conversation or other communication exclusively to such referral), (iii) (A) publicly propose to, or otherwise change, withhold,
withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, the Company Board
 

A-37



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 163/199

Table of Contents

Recommendation, (B) fail to include the Company Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement, when mailed, (C) adopt, approve
or recommend to stockholders of the Company, or resolve to or publicly propose or announce its intention to adopt, approve or
recommend to stockholders of the Company, an Acquisition Proposal or any transaction pursuant to which a Third Party would become
an “interested stockholder” under Section 203 of Delaware Law, (D) if a tender offer or exchange offer that constitutes an Acquisition
Proposal is commenced, fail to publicly recommend against acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by the Company’s
stockholders within ten Business Days after the commencement thereof or (E) fail to publicly reaffirm the Company Board
Recommendation following any Acquisition Proposal having been publicly made, proposed or communicated (and not publicly
withdrawn) within 10 Business Days after Parent so requests in writing (provided that Parent shall not be entitled to request such
reaffirmation more than one time with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (provided that any modification to the financial or other
material terms of such Acquisition Proposal shall constitute a new Acquisition Proposal for purposes of the foregoing) (any of the
foregoing in this clause (iii), an “Adverse Recommendation Change”), (iv) fail to enforce or grant any waiver or release under any
standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of equity securities of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries,
provided that, with respect to any Third Party that was not invited by the Company to submit an indication of interest or bid to acquire
the Company during the period between June 1, 2016 and the date of this Agreement, if the Company’s Board of Directors determines
in good faith, after consultation with the Company’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent
with the directors’ fiduciary duties under Applicable Law, the Company may waive any such standstill provision applicable to such
Third Party solely to the extent necessary to permit such Third Party to make a confidential Acquisition Proposal to the Company’s
Board of Directors, or (v) approve, adopt, recommend or enter into, or propose to approve adopt, recommend or enter into any
agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar
instrument relating to an Acquisition Proposal (whether binding or nonbinding). It is agreed that any material violation of the
restrictions on the Company set forth in this Section 6.03 by any Representative of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries
shall be a breach of this Section by the Company; provided, however, that nothing in this Section 6.03(a) shall prohibit the Company or
its Representatives from contacting in writing any Person or group of Persons who, following the date of this Agreement, make an
unsolicited Acquisition Proposal with such contact being for the sole purpose of clarifying the terms and conditions thereof so as to
determine whether such Acquisition Proposal constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal, and any such
actions shall not be a breach of this Section 6.03(a), so long as the Company otherwise complies with its obligations under this
Section 6.03, including Section 6.03(c), with respect to such Acquisition Proposal. The Company agrees that it and its Affiliates will
not enter into any agreement with any Third Party subsequent to the date of this Agreement which prohibits the Company or its
Affiliates from providing any information to Parent in accordance with, or otherwise complying with, this Section 6.03.

(b) Exceptions. Notwithstanding Section 6.03(a), at any time after the date of this Agreement and prior to the receipt of the
Company Stockholder Approval:

(i) if the Company receives a bona fide unsolicited written Acquisition Proposal from a Third Party, that did not result from
a breach of its obligations in Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(g) and the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good
faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes, or would
reasonably be expected to lead to, a Superior Proposal, the Company, directly or indirectly through its Representatives, may
(A) engage in negotiations or discussions with the Third Party making such Acquisition Proposal and its Representatives
regarding such Acquisition Proposal and (B) furnish to such Third Party or its Representatives non-public information relating to
the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries pursuant to a confidentiality agreement (a copy of which shall be provided for
informational purposes only to Parent within 24 hours after the Company’s entry thereto) with such Third Party with terms in all
material respects no less favorable to the Company than those contained in the confidentiality agreement dated June 21, 2016
between the Company and Parent (the “Confidentiality Agreement”); provided that all such information (to the extent that such
information has not been previously provided or made available to Parent) is provided or made available to Parent, as the case
may be, prior to or substantially concurrently with the time it is provided or made available to such Third Party;

 
A-38



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 164/199

Table of Contents

(ii) subject to the Company’s compliance with Section 6.03(c) and Section 6.03(d) (provided that such compliance shall be
in all material respects with respect to the timeframes for the Company’s actions in Section 6.03(c)), the Board of Directors of the
Company may make an Adverse Recommendation Change (A) following receipt of a Superior Proposal or (B) in response to an
Intervening Event; and

(iii) subject to the Company’s compliance with Section 6.03(c) and Section 6.03(d) (provided that such compliance shall be
in all material respects with respect to the timeframes for the Company’s actions in Section 6.03(c)), and the procedures set forth
in Section 10.01(d)(i) Company may terminate this Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior
Proposal;

in each case referred to in the foregoing clauses (ii) and (iii), only if the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith,
after consultation with its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with
its fiduciary duties under Delaware Law.

(c) Required Notices. The Board of Directors of the Company shall not take any of the actions referred to in Section 6.03(b)
unless the Company shall have delivered to Parent a prior written notice advising Parent that it intends to take such action, the
Company has advised Parent on a prompt basis of the status and terms of any discussions and negotiations with the Third Party, and the
Company has notified Parent promptly (but in no event later than the earliest to occur of (i) one Business Day and (ii) 48 hours) after
receipt by the Company (or any of its Representatives) of any request for information relating to the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries by
any Third Party that has made, or that is reasonably likely to make, an Acquisition Proposal. The Company shall provide such notice
orally and in writing (email shall be sufficient if sent in accordance with all of the relevant provisions of Section 11.01 hereof) and
shall identify the Third Party making, and the financial and other material terms and conditions (including the financing thereof) of,
any such Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. The Company shall keep Parent fully informed, on a prompt basis (and in any
event no later than the earliest to occur of (i) one Business Day and (ii) 48 hours), of the status and material terms of any such
Acquisition Proposal, indication or request. The Company shall promptly (but in no event later than the earliest to occur of (i) one
Business Day and (ii) 48 hours) after receipt provide to Parent copies of all correspondence and other written materials sent or provided
to the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their Representatives after the date of this Agreement by any Third Party
that has made, or that is reasonably likely to make, an Acquisition Proposal that describes any financial or other material terms or
conditions of any Acquisition Proposal (as well as written summaries of any additional or modified material terms or conditions
conveyed orally to the Company, to the extent not already provided to Parent within the earliest to occur of (i) one Business Day and
(ii) 48 hours after receipt by the Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of their Representatives). The Company shall
provide to Parent prior to or substantially concurrently with the time it is provided or made available to such Third Party by the
Company, any of the Company Subsidiaries or any of the their Representatives all correspondence and other written materials to any
Third Party that, after the date of this Agreement, has made, or that is reasonably likely to make, an Acquisition Proposal that describes
any financial or other material terms or conditions of any Acquisition Proposal (as well as written summaries of any additional or
modified material terms or conditions conveyed orally by or on behalf of the Company, to the extent not already provided to Parent).
Any amendment to the financial or other material terms of any Acquisition Proposal will be deemed to be a new Acquisition Proposal
for purposes of the Company’s compliance with this Section 6.03(c).

(d) “Last Look”. Further, the Board of Directors of the Company shall not make an Adverse Recommendation Change (or
terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.01(d)(i)), unless (i) the Company notifies Parent (which notice, in and of itself, shall
not constitute an Adverse Recommendation Change), in writing at least five Business Days before taking that action, of its intention to
do so (such period, the “Negotiation Period”), including (A) in the case of an Adverse Recommendation Change to be made following
receipt of a Superior Proposal, the most current version of the proposed agreements under which such Superior Proposal is proposed to
be consummated (including any proposed merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
 

A-39



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 165/199

Table of Contents

option agreement, voting agreement or other similar instrument relating to such Superior Proposal and a copy of any financing
commitments relating thereto (or, in each case, if not provided in writing to the Company, a written summary of the financial and other
terms thereof)) and the identity of the Third Party making the Acquisition Proposal, or (B) in the case of an Adverse Recommendation
Change to be made in response to an Intervening Event, a reasonably detailed description of the reasons for making such Adverse
Recommendation Change, and (ii) following the end of the Negotiation Period, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have
considered in good faith any revisions to the terms of this Agreement proposed in writing by Parent, and shall have determined, after
consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that Parent did not make, within the Negotiation Period, an offer that
(A) in the case of an Adverse Recommendation Change to be made following receipt of a Superior Proposal, is at least as favorable to
the stockholders of the Company as such Superior Proposal provided, that in the event there is any modification to the financial or
other material terms of any such Superior Proposal (including any modification in the amount, form or mix of consideration proposed
to be payable to the Company’s stockholders pursuant to such Superior Proposal), the Company shall have provided to Parent a notice
of such modification and such Superior Proposal shall be deemed a new Superior Proposal to which the requirements of this Section
6.03(d) shall apply; provided, further that with respect to such new Superior Proposal, the Negotiation Period shall be deemed to be a
three Business Day period rather than a five Business Day period (except that in no event will the Negotiation Period expire earlier
than any Negotiation Period then in effect would have expired) or (B) in the case of an Adverse Recommendation Change to be made
in response to an Intervening Event, obviates the need for such recommendation change.

(e) Definition of Superior Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, “Superior Proposal” means a bona fide written Acquisition
Proposal obtained after the date hereof that is not subject to any due diligence investigation, does not require a closing condition that
the Third Party has obtained financing or that committed financing actually be funded, and, with respect to any cash consideration, is
fully financed with available cash on hand or binding written financing commitments in full force and effect, or a combination of the
foregoing, that the Board of Directors of the Company determines in good faith, after considering the advice of a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and outside legal counsel, taking into account the identity of the Third Party making such Acquisition
Proposal, all terms of such Acquisition Proposal that the Company’s Board of Directors deems relevant (including any termination or
break-up fees and conditions to consummation) and the reasonable likelihood and timing of consummation of such Acquisition
Transaction, would be more favorable from a financial point of view to the Company’s stockholders (in their capacity as such) than the
Merger (taking into account any proposal by Parent to amend the terms of this Agreement pursuant to Section 6.03(d); provided that
for purposes of this definition, all references to “20%” in the definition of “Acquisition Proposal” shall be deemed to be “80%.”

(f) Definition of Intervening Event. For purposes of this Agreement, “Intervening Event” means any material change, event,
occurrence or development that occurs, arises or becomes known to the Board of Directors of the Company after the date of this
Agreement and prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, to the extent that such change, event, occurrence or
development was unknown to the Board of Directors of the Company and was not reasonably foreseeable, in each case, as of the date
of this Agreement; provided that the receipt by the Company, the existence or the terms of an Acquisition Proposal or a Superior
Proposal shall not, in any event, be deemed to constitute an Intervening Event.

(g) Obligation to Terminate Existing Discussions. The Company shall, and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries and its and their
Representatives to, cease immediately and cause to be terminated any and all existing activities, discussions or negotiations, if any,
with any Third Party and its Representatives conducted prior to the date hereof with respect to any Acquisition Proposal. The Company
shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, promptly request any Third Party that has executed a confidentiality or non-disclosure agreement
and received any non-public information relating to the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries during the period between
June 1, 2016 and the date of this Agreement return or destroy all confidential information in the possession of such Third Party or its
Representatives.
 

A-40



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 166/199

Table of Contents

(h) “Stop”, “Look” and “Listen”. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall prohibit the Board of Directors of the Company from
(i) complying with its disclosure obligations under United States federal or state law with regard to an Acquisition Proposal, including
taking and disclosing to its stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9, 14e-2(a) or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A
promulgated under the Exchange Act, (ii) making any “stop-look-and-listen” communication to the stockholders of the Company
pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act, it being agreed that the making of such communication containing
only the information contemplated by Rule 14d-9f shall not be an Adverse Recommendation Change or (iii) making any disclosure to
the Company’s stockholders that is required by Applicable Law; provided, however, that in the case of clause (i), (ii) or (iii), any such
disclosure or communication that constitutes or contains an Adverse Recommendation Change shall only be made in compliance with
this Section 6.03 (excluding this Section 6.03(h)).

Section 6.04 Access to Information. Subject to the last sentence of this Section 6.04, from the date hereof until the Effective Time
and subject to Applicable Law and the Confidentiality Agreement, upon reasonable written prior notice, the Company shall (i) give to
Parent, its counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other authorized Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours to
the personnel, offices, properties, books and records (including Tax records) of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries,
(ii) furnish to Parent, its counsel, financial advisors, auditors and other authorized Representatives such financial and operating data
and other information as such Persons may reasonably request and (iii) instruct its employees, counsel, financial advisors, auditors and
other authorized Representatives to cooperate with Parent in its investigation of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries. Any
investigation pursuant to this Section 6.04 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the
business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries. No information or knowledge obtained in any investigation pursuant to this
Section 6.04 shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by any party hereunder. Notwithstanding
anything herein to the contrary, under no circumstances shall the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or their respective
Representatives be required to furnish any person with, or be required to provide access to any person to, information about the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries that is prohibited by any Applicable Law or contractual restraint enforceable upon the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, or where such access to information would reasonably be expected to involve the
waiver of any attorney-client privilege; provided that the Company will inform Parent of the general nature of the document or
information being withheld and reasonably cooperate with Parent to provide such document or information in a manner that would not
result in a violation of Law or any such contractual restraint or the loss or waiver of such privilege.

Section 6.05 Stockholder Litigation. Until the earlier of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms or the
Effective Time, the Company shall give Parent the right to review and comment in advance on all material filings or responses to be
made by the Company in connection with any litigation against the Company and/or its directors relating to the Merger, and the right to
consult on any settlement with respect to such litigation, and the Company will in good faith take such comments into account. The
Company shall promptly notify Parent of the filing of, or the threat of the filing of, any such litigation and shall keep Parent reasonably
and promptly informed with respect to the status thereof. The Company shall not settle or offer to settle any such litigation without the
prior written consent of Parent.

Section 6.06 Company Notes. The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with its obligations under the
Company Notes Indenture that arise as a result of the execution, delivery or performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, including the delivery of any notices, certificates and opinions required in
connection with the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 6.07 Tax Matters.

(a) From the date hereof until the Effective Time, neither the Company nor any of the Company Subsidiaries shall make, change
or revoke any material Tax election, change any annual Tax accounting period,
 

A-41



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 167/199

Table of Contents

adopt or change any method of tax accounting, file any material amended Tax Returns or claims for material Tax refunds, enter into
any material closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code (or any analogous or similar provision of state, local or
foreign law), request any Tax ruling from a Governmental Authority, surrender, settle, concede or compromise any material Tax claim,
audit or assessment, surrender or settle any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax liability, consent to any
extension or waiver of the limitations period applicable to any Tax claim or assessment or take or omit to take any other action, if any
such action or omission would have the effect of increasing the Tax liability or reducing any Tax Asset of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries.

(b) The Company and each Company Subsidiary shall establish or cause to be established in accordance with GAAP on or before
the Effective Time an adequate accrual for all material Taxes due with respect to any period or portion thereof ending prior to or as of
the Effective Time.

(c) The payment of any transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration, value added and other Taxes and fees (including any
penalties and interest) incurred solely by a holder of Company Stock in connection with the Merger, and the filing of any related Tax
Returns and other documentation with respect to such Taxes and fees, shall be the sole responsibility of such holder.

Section 6.08 ESPP. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary, including adopting any resolutions
or amendments, with respect to the ESPP to: (a) cause the Purchase Period (as defined in the ESPP) ongoing as of the date of this
Agreement to be the final Purchase Period under the ESPP and the options under the ESPP to be exercised on the earlier of (i) the
scheduled purchase date for such Purchase Period and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the anticipated Effective Time,
(b) apply participant accounts in accordance with the ESPP to purchase shares of Company Stock immediately following the
termination of such final offering period and (c) terminate the ESPP effective immediately prior to the Closing Date. Any shares of
Company Stock so purchased shall be treated in accordance with Section 2.02. All amounts withheld by the Company on behalf of the
participants in the ESPP that have not been used to purchase shares of Company Stock prior to the termination of the ESPP will be
returned to the participants without interest pursuant to the terms of the ESPP upon the termination of the ESPP.

ARTICLE 7
COVENANTS OF PARENT

Parent agrees that:

Section 7.01 Obligations of Merger Subsidiary. Parent shall take all action necessary to cause Merger Subsidiary to perform its
obligations under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement. Immediately
following the execution of this Agreement, Parent shall execute and deliver, in accordance with Delaware Law and in its capacity as
the sole stockholder of Merger Subsidiary, a written consent adopting this Agreement and approve the Merger in accordance with
Delaware Law.

Section 7.02 Director and Officer Liability. Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation hereby
agrees, to do the following:

(a) Parent and Merger Subsidiary agree that all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation by the
Company or the Company Subsidiaries existing as of the date of this Agreement in favor of each Person who is now, or has been at any
time prior to the date of the Agreement or who becomes prior to the Effective Time an officer or director of the Company or the
Company Subsidiaries (each an “Indemnified Person”) as provided in the Company Certificate and Company Bylaws or similar
governing documents of the Company Subsidiaries, in each case as in effect on the date of this Agreement, or pursuant to any other
Contracts in effect on the date of the Agreement and disclosed in Section 7.02 of the Company Disclosure Schedule (the
 

A-42



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 168/199

Table of Contents

“Indemnification Contracts”) (or with respect to Persons who become a director or officer of the Company prior to the Effective
Time, in a form substantially similar the Indemnification Contracts) for acts or omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time
(including acts or omissions occurring in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger) shall be honored by
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries and shall survive the Merger and shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with
their terms, and shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified for a period of six years after the Effective Time in any manner
that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of such Indemnified Persons. Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation
and its Subsidiaries to, honor and fulfill in all respects the obligations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries under any and
such Indemnification Contracts.

(b) For six years after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted under Applicable Law, Parent and the Surviving
Corporation and any successor to the Surviving Corporation shall, and Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation or its successor to
indemnify, defend and hold harmless each Indemnified Person against all losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees, expenses, judgments
and fines arising directly or indirectly, in whole or in part out of actions or omissions in their capacity as such occurring at or prior to
the Effective Time (including in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement), and shall advance and/or reimburse
each Indemnified Person for any legal or other expenses reasonably incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with
investigating or defending any such losses, claims, damages, liabilities, fees, expenses, judgments and fines as the same are incurred,
subject to the Surviving Corporation’s receipt of an undertaking by such Indemnified Person to repay such legal and other fees and
expenses paid in advance if it is ultimately determined in a final non appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction that such
Indemnified Person is not entitled to be indemnified under Applicable Law; provided however, that the Surviving Corporation will not
be liable for any settlement effected without the Surviving Corporation’s prior written consent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

(c) Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, for an aggregate period of not less than six years from the Effective
Time, the Company’s current directors and officers an insurance and indemnification policy that provides coverage for events
occurring prior to the Effective Time (the “D&O Insurance”) that is no less favorable than the Company’s existing policy as of the
date of this Agreement or, if insurance coverage that is no less favorable is unavailable, the best available coverage; provided, however,
that the Surviving Corporation shall not be required to pay an annual premium for the D&O Insurance in excess of 250% of the last
annual premium paid prior to the date of this Agreement (the “Premium Cap”) or, if less, the cost of a policy providing coverage on
the same terms as the Company’s existing policy as of the date of this Agreement; provided, further, that the Company or Parent may
prior to the Effective Time substitute therefor a single premium tail coverage with respect to D&O Insurance with the maximum
coverage available for a total cost equal to the Premium Cap or, if less, the cost of a single premium tail policy providing the same
coverage limits as the Company’s existing policy as of the date of this Agreement. If such premiums for such insurance would at any
time exceed the Premium Cap, then the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be maintained policies of insurance which, in the
Surviving Corporation’s good faith determination, provide the maximum coverage available for a total cost equal to the Premium Cap.

(d) The obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation under this Section 7.02 shall survive the consummation of the Merger
and shall not be terminated or modified in such a manner as to adversely affect any Indemnified Person to whom this Section 7.02
applies without the consent of such affected Indemnified Person (it being expressly agreed that the Indemnified Person to whom this
Section 7.02 applies shall be third party beneficiaries of this Section 7.02, each of whom may enforce the provisions of this
Section 7.02).

(e) In the event the Surviving Corporation or any of its respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
licenses all or substantially all of its properties and assets (including Intellectual Property Rights) to any Person, then, and in either
such case, proper provision shall be made so that each of such successors and assigns of the Surviving Corporation shall assume all of
the obligations set forth in
 

A-43



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 169/199

Table of Contents

this Section 7.02 to the extent of the assets transferred to such successor or assign. The agreements and covenants contained herein
shall not be deemed to be exclusive of any other rights to which any Indemnified Person is entitled, whether pursuant to Applicable
Law, Contract or otherwise. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, shall be construed to or shall release, waive or impair any rights
to directors’ and officers’ insurance claims under any policy that is or has been in existence with respect to the Company or its officers,
directors and employees, it being understood and agreed that the indemnification provided for in this Section 7.02 is not prior to, or in
substitution for, any such claims under any such policies.

Section 7.03 Employee Matters.

(a) During the period beginning at the Effective Time and ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Date (or such shorter
period of employment, as the case may be), Parent shall, or shall cause its Subsidiaries to provide to each employee of the Company or
the Company Subsidiaries at the Effective Time (each, a “Covered Employee”), (i) a base salary or rate of pay that is at least equal to
such Covered Employee’s base salary or rate of pay immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) an incentive pay opportunity that is at
least equal, taken in the aggregate and together with base salary or rate of pay, to such Covered Employee’s incentive pay opportunity,
taken in the aggregate and together with base salary or rate of pay, immediately prior to the Effective Time (iii) severance benefits that
are no less favorable than the severance benefits provided to such Covered Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time and (iv)
other compensation and employee benefits that are substantially similar in the aggregate to the other compensation and employee
benefits that were provided to such Covered Employee under the Employee Plans immediately prior to the Effective Time, provided
that, for purposes of this Section 7.03(a)(iv), Parent and its Subsidiaries shall not be obligated to grant equity to such Covered
Employee, but equity granted to such Covered Employee under the Employee Plans prior to the Effective Time shall be considered in
determining whether the incentive pay opportunity provided by Parent and/or its Subsidiaries to the applicable Covered Employee after
the Effective Time is at least equal to that provided immediately prior to the Effective Time pursuant to Section 7.03(a)(ii).

(b) Crediting of Payments. In the event any Employee Plan under which a Covered Employee receives health, medical,
prescription, dental or vision benefits is terminated and such Covered Employee becomes eligible to participate under any employee
benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (each, a “Parent Plan”) following the Effective Time,
Parent shall, or shall cause its Subsidiaries to (i) use its or their commercially reasonable efforts to waive any preexisting condition
exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to such Covered Employee (and any
eligible dependents thereof) for any corresponding Parent Plan providing medical, dental or vision benefits to the same extent such
limitation would have been waived or satisfied under the Employee Plan such Covered Employee participated in immediately prior to
coverage under such Parent Plan and (ii) provide such Covered Employee with credit for any copayments, coinsurance and deductibles
paid under an Employee Plan prior to such Covered Employee’s coverage under any Parent Plan during the calendar year in which
such amount was paid, to the same extent such credit was given under the Employee Plan such Covered Employee participated in
immediately prior to coverage under such Parent Plan in satisfying any applicable deductible or out-of-pocket requirements under such
Parent Plan.

(c) Service Crediting. As of the Effective Time, Parent shall, or shall cause its Subsidiaries to, recognize all service of each
Covered Employee prior to the Effective Time with the Company and the Company Subsidiaries reflected in the records of the
Company (or any predecessor entities of either to the extent the Company or one of the Company Subsidiaries provides such past-
service credit under a similar Employee Plan) for purposes of vesting and eligibility and determining the rate of accrual for leave
benefits under any Parent Plan in which such Covered Employees are eligible to participate following the Closing. In no event shall
anything contained in this Section 7.03(c) result in any duplication of benefits for the same period of service.

(d) Company 401(k) Plans. At the request of Parent no later than 10 Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall
take all actions necessary so that effective as of immediately prior to the Effective
 

A-44



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 170/199

Table of Contents

Time, the Company shall terminate any Employee Plan that includes a 401(k) feature pursuant to resolutions of the Company’s Board
of Directors that are reasonably satisfactory to Parent. In connection with any termination of such plans, Parent shall permit each
Covered Employee to make rollover contributions of “eligible rollover distributions” (within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the
Code, including all participant loans) in cash or notes (in the case of participant loans) in an amount equal to the eligible rollover
distribution portion of the account balance distributed to each such Covered Employee from such plan to an “eligible retirement plan”
(within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the Code) of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e) Without limiting the generality of Section 11.05, nothing in this Section 7.03, express or implied, (i) is intended to or shall
confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto, including any Covered Employee or any former Service Provider or any
beneficiary or dependent thereof, any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement, (ii) shall
establish, or constitute an amendment, termination or modification of, or an undertaking to amend, establish, terminate or modify, any
benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement, (iii) shall alter or limit the ability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (or, following
the Effective Time, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries) to amend, modify or terminate any benefit plan, program,
agreement or arrangement at any time assumed, established, sponsored or maintained by any of them, or (iv) shall create any obligation
on the part of Parent or its Subsidiaries (or, following the Effective Time, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries) to employ
any Covered Employee for any period following the Closing Date.

ARTICLE 8
COVENANTS OF PARENT AND THE COMPANY

The parties hereto agree that:

Section 8.01 Regulatory Approvals, Notices and Consents.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Parent, Merger Subsidiary and the Company shall use their
commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or
advisable under Applicable Law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including using their commercially
reasonable efforts to (i) prepare and file as promptly as practicable with any Governmental Authority or other third party all
documentation to effect all necessary filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations, submissions of information, applications and
other documents and (ii) obtain and maintain all approvals, consents, registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations
required to be obtained from any Governmental Authority or other third party that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement including the commencement or defense of litigation seeking the entry of, or, as the
case may be, to effect the dissolution of, any temporary injunction, temporary restraining order or other temporary or appealable order
in any suit or proceeding, which would otherwise have the effect of delaying or preventing the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; provided that the parties hereto understand and agree that Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall not be
required to, and, without the prior written consent of Parent, the Company shall not, (A) enter into any settlement, undertaking, consent
decree, stipulation or agreement with any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (B) propose, negotiate, commit to or effect, by consent decree, hold separate orders, or otherwise that in the case of the
foregoing clauses (A) or (B) would impose or provide for any of the following: (1) any restrictions on the operation of the business of
the Company by Parent (including the termination or cancellation of all or a portion of sales contracts with customers), (2) the sale,
license, assignment, transfer, lease, or other divestiture or disposition of the assets, properties or businesses of Parent or its Subsidiaries
(excluding the Company following the Effective Time), or (3) the sale, license, assignment, transfer, lease or other divestiture or
disposition of any assets or businesses of the Company or any Company Subsidiary that would reduce the reasonably anticipated
benefits to Parent (including anticipated synergies) of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement in an amount that is financially
material relative to
 

A-45



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 171/199

Table of Contents

the value of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as a whole (which the Company shall not undertake, propose or agree to
without Parent’s consent). Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Parent and Merger Subsidiary, on the
one hand, nor the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, on the other hand, shall be required to agree to any term or take any action
in connection with obtaining the necessary approvals from Governmental Authorities or third parties that is not conditioned upon the
consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company shall
(x) cooperate in all respects and consult with each other in connection with filings, including by allowing the other party to have a
reasonable opportunity to review in advance and comment on drafts of filings and submissions, (y) promptly inform the other party of
any communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, Governmental Authorities, by promptly providing copies to
the other party of any such written communications and (z) permit the other party to review in advance any communication that it gives
to, and consult with each other in advance of any meeting, substantive telephone call or conference with Governmental Authorities, and
to the extent not prohibited by a Governmental Authority, give the other party the opportunity to attend and participate in any in-person
meetings with that Governmental Authority. The Company shall under no circumstances be required to pay or commit to pay any
material amount or incur any material obligation in favor of or offer or grant any material accommodation (financial or otherwise,
including any requirements for the securing or posting of any bonds, letters of credit or similar instruments, or the furnishing of any
guarantees) to any Person to obtain any consents, approvals, authorizations or terminations or expirations of any waiting period under
any Applicable Law.

(b) Without limiting the generality of the Parent’s and Merger Subsidiary’s undertaking pursuant to Section 8.01(a) but subject
thereto, each of Parent and the Company shall (i) make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR
Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby as promptly as practicable and in any event within 15 Business Days after the
date hereof and (ii) make all necessary filings, notifications and other submissions with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby under other applicable Antitrust Laws where such filings, notifications or other submissions are required, as
promptly as practicable and, with respect to (i) and (ii) above to supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and
documentary material that may be requested pursuant to the Antitrust Laws and, subject to the provisions of Section 8.01(a), to use
their commercially reasonable efforts to take all other actions necessary to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting
periods under the Antitrust Laws as soon as practicable.

(c) Without limiting the generality of the Parent’s and Merger Subsidiary’s undertaking pursuant to Section 8.01(a) but subject to
the restrictions thereof, Parent and the Company shall use their commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the CFIUS Approval. Such
commercially reasonable efforts shall include promptly after the date hereof making any draft and final filings (including joint filings)
required in connection with the CFIUS Approval in accordance with the DPA, and providing any information requested by CFIUS or
any other agency or branch of the U.S. government in connection with the CFIUS review or investigation of the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement within the timeframes required by the DPA, unless CFIUS agrees in writing to an extension of such
timeframe; provided, that in the event that CFIUS notifies Parent, Merger Subsidiary or the Company that CFIUS (x) has completed its
review or investigation and (y) intends to send a report to the President of the United States recommending that the President act to
prohibit the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Parent may request a withdrawal of any filing or
notification made to CFIUS; provided, however, that if Parent does not re-file a CFIUS notification within 20 Business Days or such
different period of time agreed upon by the parties, a CFIUS Turndown shall be deemed to have occurred.

Section 8.02 Public Announcements. Parent, Merger Subsidiary and the Company shall consult with each other before issuing any
press release, having any communication with the press (whether or not for attribution), making any other public statement or
scheduling any press conference or conference call with investors or analysts with respect to this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby and the Company shall not issue any such press release or make any such other public statement or schedule any
such press conference or conference call without such consultation; provided, however, that the restrictions set forth in this
Section 8.02
 

A-46



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 172/199

Table of Contents

shall not apply to any release or public statement (a) required by Applicable Law or any applicable listing authority (in which case the
parties shall use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) consult with each other prior to making any such disclosure and (ii) cooperate
(at the other party’s expense) in connection with the other party’s efforts to obtain a protective order), (b) issued by the Company in
response to or in connection with the receipt and existence of an Acquisition Proposal, or its making of an Adverse Recommendation
Change, (c) following any public statement, release or disclosure by the Company in respect of any Acquisition Proposal or Adverse
Recommendation Change, issued by Parent with respect to such matters or (d) in connection with any dispute between the parties
regarding this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby; provided, further, that (x) each of the Company
and Parent may make press releases or public announcements concerning this Agreement or the Merger that consist solely of
information previously disclosed in all material respects in previous press releases or announcements made by Parent and/or the
Company in compliance with this Section 8.02 and (y) each of the Company and Parent may make any public statements in response to
questions by the press, analysts, investors or analysts or those participating in investor calls or industry conferences, so long as such
statements consist solely of information previously disclosed in all material respects in previous press releases, public disclosures or
public statements made by Parent and/or the Company in compliance with this Section 8.02.

Section 8.03 Further Assurances. At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall be
authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Subsidiary, any deeds, bills of sale,
assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Subsidiary, any other actions and
things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under
any of the rights, properties or assets of the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in
connection with, the Merger.

Section 8.04 Notices of Certain Events. Each of the Company and Parent shall promptly notify the other of:

(a) any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(b) any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement;

(c) any Legal Proceedings or material claim commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or
otherwise affecting the Company or any Company Subsidiary or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, that, if pending
on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to any Section of this Agreement or that
relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(d) any inaccuracy of any representation or warranty contained in this Agreement at any time during the term hereof that could
reasonably be expected to cause any condition set forth in Article 9 not to be satisfied; and

(e) any failure of that party to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it
hereunder that could reasonably be expected to cause any condition set forth in Article 9 not to be satisfied;

provided, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 8.04 shall not limit or otherwise affect the remedies available
hereunder to the party receiving such notice.

Section 8.05 Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all steps as may be required to cause any
dispositions of Company Stock (including derivative securities with respect to Company Stock) resulting from the transactions
contemplated by Article 2 of this Agreement by each officer and director of the Company who is subject to the reporting requirements
of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange
Act.
 

A-47



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 173/199

Table of Contents

Section 8.06 Stock Exchange De-listing; Exchange Act Deregistration. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall cooperate
with Parent and use its commercially reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause to be done all things,
reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under Applicable Laws and rules and policies of the NYSE to enable the de-listing
by the Surviving Corporation of the Company Stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of the Company Stock under the Exchange
Act as promptly as practicable after the Effective Time.

Section 8.07 Takeover Statutes. If any Takeover Statute shall become applicable to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary and the respective members of their boards of directors shall, to the
extent permitted by Applicable Law, use commercially reasonable efforts to grant such approvals and to take such actions as are
reasonably necessary so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the
terms contemplated herein and otherwise to take all such other actions as are reasonably necessary to eliminate or minimize the effects
of any such statute or regulation on the transactions contemplated hereby.

Section 8.08 Director Resignations. The Company shall cause to be delivered to Parent prior to the Closing resignations executed
by each director of the Company in office as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and effective upon the Effective Time.

ARTICLE 9
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

Section 9.01 Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The respective obligations of each of the Company, Parent and Merger
Subsidiary to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under Applicable Law) on or prior to the
Closing Date of the following conditions:

(a) the Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained in accordance with Delaware Law;

(b) no Applicable Law shall temporarily or permanently make consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited;

(c) any applicable waiting period (and any extension thereof) under the HSR Act or any other applicable Antitrust Laws relating
to the Merger shall have expired or been terminated; and

(d) the CFIUS Approval shall have been obtained.

Section 9.02 Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Subsidiary. The obligations of Parent and Merger Subsidiary to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under Applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date
of the following further conditions:

(a) (i) the Company shall have performed or complied in all material respects with all of its obligations and covenants hereunder
required to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the Effective Time, (ii)(A) the representations and warranties of the
Company contained in Section 4.05(a), Section 4.05(c) or in any certificate or other writing relating to Section 4.05(a) or Section
4.05(c) delivered by the Company pursuant thereto (other than the information set forth on Section 4.05(a) or Section 4.05(c) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule with respect to the holder and the date of grant) shall be true at and as of the date of this Agreement and
the Effective Time as if made at and as of such time, other than with respect to de minimis inaccuracies and (B) the representations and
warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.01(a), Section 4.02, Section 4.03, the first and third sentences of Section 4.05(b),
Section 4.05(d), and Section 4.23 or in any certificate or other writing delivered by the Company relating to Section 4.01(a),
Section 4.02, Section 4.03, the first and third sentences of Section 4.05(b), Section 4.05(d), or Section 4.23 (disregarding all materiality
and Material Adverse Effect
 

A-48



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 174/199

Table of Contents

qualifications contained therein) shall be true at and as of the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time as if made at and as of
such time (other than representations and warranties that by their terms address matters only as of another specified time, which shall
be true only as of such time), in all material respects, and (C) the other representations and warranties of the Company contained in this
Agreement or in any certificate or other writing delivered by the Company pursuant hereto (disregarding all materiality and Material
Adverse Effect qualifications contained therein) shall be true at and as of the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time as if made
at and as of such time (other than representations and warranties that by their terms address matters only as of another specified time,
which shall be true only as of such time), with, in the case of this clause (C), only such exceptions as have not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on the Company; and (iii) Parent shall have
received a certificate signed by an executive officer of the Company to the foregoing effect;

(b) there shall not have occurred since the date of this Agreement any event, occurrence, revelation or development of a state of
circumstances or facts which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse
Effect on the Company, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of the Company to the foregoing
effect; and

(c) the Company shall have provided to Parent a certification that complies with the requirements of Treasury Regulation Sections
1.897-2(h) and 1.1445-2(c)(3) to the effect that the shares of Company Stock are not U.S. real property interests within the meaning of
Section 897 of the Code.

Section 9.03 Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver, if permissible under Applicable Law) on or prior to the Closing Date of the following further
conditions:

(a) (i) each of Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall have performed or complied with in all material respects all of its obligations
and covenants hereunder required to be performed or complied with by it at or prior to the Effective Time, (ii) the representations and
warranties of Parent and Merger Subsidiary contained in this Agreement or in any certificate or other writing delivered by Parent or
Merger Subsidiary pursuant hereto (disregarding all materiality qualifications contained therein) shall be true and correct at and as of
the date hereof and the Effective Time as if made at and as of such time (other than representations and warranties that by their terms
address matters only as of another specified time, which shall be true and correct only as of such time), with only such exceptions as
have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect on Parent; and
(iii) the Company shall have received a certificate signed by an executive officer of Parent to the foregoing effect.

ARTICLE 10
TERMINATION

Section 10.01 Termination. This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the
Effective Time (notwithstanding any approval of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company):

(a) by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent;

(b) by either the Company or Parent, if:

(i) the Merger has not been consummated on or before 11:59 p.m. Pacific time on June 21, 2017 (the “End Date”); provided,
however, that if at June 21, 2017 all conditions to the Parties’ obligations to consummate the Merger set forth in Article 9 have
been satisfied (other than those of a nature to be satisfied at Closing, but which shall be capable of being satisfied) and other than
the conditions set forth in Sections 9.01(c) or (d), then the End Date shall instead be September 21, 2017; provided; further that
the right to

 
A-49



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 175/199

Table of Contents

terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose breach of any provision of
this Agreement proximately causes or results in the failure of the Merger to be consummated by such time;

(ii) there shall be any Applicable Law that (A) makes consummation of the Merger illegal or otherwise prohibited or
(B) enjoins the Company or Parent from consummating the Merger and such injunction shall have become final and
nonappealable;

(iii) there shall have been a CFIUS Turndown; or

(iv) at the Company Stockholder Meeting (including any adjournment or postponement thereof), the Company Stockholder
Approval shall not have been obtained upon a vote taken thereon; or

(c) by Parent, if:

(i) an Adverse Recommendation Change shall have occurred or the Company shall have intentionally breached any of its
obligations under Section 6.03 in any material respect; or

(ii) a breach of any representation or warranty or failure to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement on the part of
the Company set forth in this Agreement shall have occurred that would cause the condition set forth in Section 9.02(a) not to be
satisfied, and (A) such condition is incapable of being satisfied by the earlier of (1) the End Date and (2) the date that is 30 days
following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure or, (B) if curable, is not cured by the Company by
the earlier of (1) the End Date and (2) the 30th day following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure;
provided, that Parent shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.01(c)(ii), if, at the time of the
delivery of such notice, Parent or Merger Subsidiary is in material breach of its or their obligations under this Agreement.

(d) by the Company, if:

(i) prior to receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, the Board of Directors of the Company shall have made an
Adverse Recommendation Change in compliance with the terms of this Agreement, including Section 6.03(d), in order to enter
into a definitive, written agreement concerning a Superior Proposal; provided, that (A) concurrently with such termination, the
Company shall enter into such definitive, written agreement for such Superior Proposal and (B) the Company shall have paid any
amounts due pursuant to Section 11.04(b) prior to, or concurrently with, such termination; or

(ii) a breach of any representation or warranty or failure to perform or comply with any covenant or agreement on the part of
the Parent or Merger Subsidiary set forth in this Agreement shall have occurred that would cause the condition set forth in Section
9.03(a) not to be satisfied, and (A) such condition is incapable of being satisfied by the earlier of (1) the End Date and (2) the date
that is 30 days following receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure or, if curable, is not cured by Parent
by the earlier of (x) the End Date and (y) the 30th day following receipt by Parent of written notice of such breach or failure;
provided, that Company shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.01(d)(ii), if, at the time of
the delivery of such notice, Company is in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement.

The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 10.01 (other than pursuant to Section 10.01(a)) shall give notice
of such termination to the other party.

Section 10.02 Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 10.01, this Agreement shall become void
and of no effect without liability of any party (or any stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or Representative of
such party) to the other party hereto; provided that, if such termination shall result from the intentional (a) failure of either party to
fulfill a condition to the performance of the obligations of the other party, (b) failure of either party to perform a covenant set forth in
this Agreement or
 

A-50



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 176/199

Table of Contents

(c) breach by either party of any of their representations or warranties set forth in this Agreement, such party shall be fully liable for
any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by the other party as a result of such failure. The provisions of this
Section 10.02 and Article 11, and the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive any termination hereof pursuant to Section 10.01.

ARTICLE 11
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 11.01 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including
facsimile transmission and electronic mail (“e-mail”) transmission and shall be given,
 

if to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, to:

  TDK Corporation
  3-9-1, Shibaura
  Minato-ku, Tokyo 108-0026
  Japan
  Attention:  Noboru Saito
  Facsimile:  +81-3-6852-7164
  E-mail:  

with a copy to:

  Jones Day
  3161 Michelson Drive, Suite 800
  Irvine, California 92648
  Attention:  Jonn Beeson and Kevin Espinola
  Facsimile:  1-949-553-7539
  E-mail:  

with a copy to:

  Jones Day
  Kamiyacho Prime Place
  1-17, Toranomon 4-chome
  Minato-ku, Tokyo 105-0001
  Japan
  Attention:  Stephen DeCosse
  Facsimile:  81-3-5401-2725
  E-mail:  

if to the Company, to:

  InvenSense, Inc.
  1745 Technology Drive, Suite 200
  San Jose, California 95110
  Attention:  David Young, General Counsel
  Facsimile:  408-452-5753
  E-mail:  

 
A-51



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 177/199

Table of Contents

with a copy to:

  Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
  2550 Hanover Street
  Palo Alto, California 94304-1115
  Attention:  Jorge del Calvo
   Allison Leopold Tilley
  Facsimile:  650-233-4545
  E-mail:  
   

or to such other address, or facsimile number or electronic mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to
the other parties hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the
recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or
communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt. In order to be
deemed valid notice under this Section 11.01, e-mail notice must state that it constitutes notice under this Agreement and must be
followed by written notice delivered by overnight courier or hand-delivered via valid delivery pursuant to such method within two
Business Days from the date of the original e-mail notice.

Section 11.02 Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained herein and in any
certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall not survive the Effective Time.

Section 11.03 Amendments and Waivers.

(a) Any provision of this Agreement may be amended, supplemented or waived prior to the Effective Time, whether before or
after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, if, but only if, such amendment, supplement or waiver is in writing and is signed,
in the case of an amendment, by each party to this Agreement or, in the case of a waiver, by each party against whom the waiver is to
be effective; provided that after the Company Stockholder Approval has been obtained there shall be no amendment or waiver that
would require the further approval of the stockholders of the Company under Delaware Law without such approval having first been
obtained.

(b) No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
Applicable Law.

Section 11.04 Termination Fees.

(a) General. Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement shall be paid
by the party incurring such cost or expense.

(b) Company Termination Fee.

(i) If this Agreement is terminated (A) by Parent pursuant to Section 10.01(c)(i) (provided that if either Parent or the
Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.01(b)(iv) at a time when Parent would have been entitled to terminate
this Agreement pursuant to Section 10.01(c)(i), this Agreement shall be deemed to have been terminated pursuant to Section
10.01(c)(i) for purposes of this Section 11.04) or (B) by the Company pursuant to Section 10.01(d)(i), then the Company shall pay
to Parent in immediately available funds $46,700,000 (the “Termination Fee”), in the case of a termination by Parent, within two
Business Days after such termination and, in the case of a termination by the Company, prior to or concurrently with, and as a
condition to, such termination.

 
A-52



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 178/199

Table of Contents

(ii) If (A) this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 10.01(b)(i) or Section 10.01(b)(iv),
and (B)(1) with respect to termination under Section 10.01(b)(i), after the date of this Agreement and prior to such termination an
Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly announced and (2) with respect to termination under Section 10.01(b)(iv), after the
date of this Agreement and prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting, an Acquisition Proposal shall have been publicly
announced to the Company’s stockholders and (C) within 12 months following the date of such termination, the Company shall
have entered into a definitive agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal or any Acquisition Proposal shall have been
consummated (provided that for purposes of this clause (C), each reference to “20%” in the definition of Acquisition Proposal
shall be deemed to be a reference to “50%”), then the Company shall pay to Parent in immediately available funds, concurrently
with the occurrence of the applicable event described in clause (C), the Company Termination Fee. All amounts paid pursuant to
this Section 11.04(b) will be by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account directed by Parent.

(c) Parent Termination Fee

If:

(i) This Agreement is terminated by the Company or Parent pursuant to Section 10.01(b)(i), and at the End Date all
conditions to Parent’s obligations to consummate the Merger set forth in Article 9, other than the conditions set forth in
Section 9.01(b) (solely due to an Applicable Law that is an Antitrust Law or which relates to CFIUS), Section 9.01(c) or
Section 9.01(d) have been satisfied (other than those of a nature to be satisfied at Closing, which shall be capable of being
satisfied if the Closing Date were the date the notice of termination was delivered); then Parent shall pay, or cause to be paid, to
the Company the Parent Termination Fee within two Business Days after such termination by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account directed by the Company; or

(ii) This Agreement is terminated by the Company or Parent pursuant to Section 10.01(b)(ii) (solely due to an Applicable
Law that is an Antitrust Law) or Section 10.01(b)(iii), and at the termination date all conditions to Parent’s obligations to
consummate the Merger set forth in Article 9, other than the conditions set forth in Section 9.01(b) (solely due to an Applicable
Law that is an Antitrust Law or which relates to CFIUS), Section 9.01(c) or Section 9.01(d), would have been capable of being
satisfied if the Closing Date were the date the notice of termination was delivered; then Parent shall pay, or cause to be paid, to
the Company the Parent Termination Fee within two Business Days after such termination by wire transfer of immediately
available funds to an account directed by the Company.

(d) Other Costs and Expenses. The parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in Section 11.04 are an integral part of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and that, without these agreements, the parties would not enter into this Agreement.
Accordingly, if (i) the Company fails promptly to pay any amount due to Parent pursuant to Section 11.04(b), it shall also pay any
reasonable and documented costs and expenses (including reasonable attorney fees) incurred by Parent or Merger Subsidiary in
connection with a legal action to enforce this Agreement that results in a judgment against the Company for such amount, together with
interest on the amount of any unpaid fee, cost or expense at the publicly announced prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal
in effect on the date such payment was required to be made and (ii) Parent fails promptly to pay any amount due to the Company
pursuant to Section 11.04(c), it shall also pay any reasonable and documented out of pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorney fees) incurred by the Company in connection with a legal action to enforce this Agreement that results in a judgment against
Parent or Merger Subsidiary for such amount, together with interest on the amount of any unpaid fee, cost or expense at the publicly
announced prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date such payment was required to be made.

(e) Parent’s and Merger Subsidiary’s Sole Remedy. Except in the case of fraud or a willful breach of the Company’s
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement prior to termination of this Agreement, and subject to
Parent’s and Merger Subsidiary’s rights set forth in Section 11.11, Parent’s right to terminate this Agreement and receive the Company
Termination Fee pursuant to Section 11.04(b), shall
 

A-53



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 179/199

Table of Contents

under the circumstances in which a Company Termination Fee becomes payable, be the sole and exclusive remedy (whether at law, in
equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise) of the Parent and Merger Subsidiary against the Company or any Company Subsidiary for any
loss or damage suffered as a result of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or failure to perform
hereunder or other failure of the Merger to be consummated, except that the Company shall remain obligated for, and Parent and its
Affiliates may be entitled to remedies with respect to, the provisions and agreements surviving such termination pursuant to
Section 10.02. The receipt of the Company Termination Fee shall be deemed to be liquidated damages for any and all losses or
damages suffered or incurred by Parent, Merger Subsidiary, each of their Affiliates and Representatives and any other Person in
connection with this Agreement (and the termination hereof), the Merger (and the abandonment or termination thereof) or any matter
forming the basis for such termination and such payment shall not be deemed a penalty.

(f) Company’s Sole Remedy. Except in the case of fraud or a willful breach of Parent’s or Merger Subsidiary’s representations,
warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement prior to termination of this Agreement, and subject to the Company’s
rights set forth in Section 11.11, the Company’s right to terminate this Agreement and receive the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to
Section 11.04(c), shall under the circumstances in which a Parent Termination Fee becomes payable, be the sole and exclusive remedy
(whether at law, in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise) of the Company against Parent or Merger Subsidiary for any loss or damage
suffered as a result of any breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement or failure to perform hereunder or other
failure of the Merger to be consummated, except that the Parent and Merger Subsidiary shall remain obligated for, and the Company
and its Affiliates may be entitled to remedies with respect to, the provisions and agreements surviving such termination pursuant to
Section 10.02. The receipt of the Parent Termination Fee shall be deemed to be liquidated damages for any and all losses or damages
suffered or incurred by the Company and its Affiliates and Representatives and any other Person in connection with this Agreement
(and the termination hereof), the Merger (and the abandonment or termination thereof) or any matter forming the basis for such
termination and such payment shall not be deemed a penalty.

(g) Single Payment Only. The parties hereto acknowledge and hereby agree that in no event shall the Company be required to pay
the Company Termination Fee on more than one occasion, whether or not such Company Termination Fee may be payable under more
than one provision of this Agreement at the same or at different times and the occurrence of different events.

Section 11.05 Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment.

(a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and, except as provided in Section 7.02 and this Section 11.05, shall
inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is
intended to or will confer upon any other Person any right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this
Agreement except for (i) each Indemnified Person as set forth in Section 7.02 of this Agreement, (ii) the Company on behalf of the
Company’s stockholders to pursue damages (including claims for damages based on loss of the economic benefits of the transactions to
the Company’s stockholders) in the event of the breach of this Agreement prior to the Closing Date by Parent or Merger Subsidiary as
provided in Section 10.02, which right is hereby expressly acknowledged and agreed by Parent and Merger Subsidiary, and (iii) as
expressly set forth in this Agreement. The third-party beneficiary rights referenced in clause (ii) of the preceding sentence may be
exercised only by the Company (on behalf of the Company’s stockholders as their agent) through actions expressly approved by the
Company’s Board of Directors, and no Company stockholder whether purporting to act in its capacity as a Company stockholder or
purporting to assert any right (derivatively or otherwise) on behalf of the Company, will have any right or ability to exercise or cause
the exercise of any such right.

(b) No party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior
written consent of each other party hereto, except that Parent or Merger Subsidiary may transfer or assign its rights and obligations
under this Agreement, in whole or from time to time in part, (i) by written
 

A-54



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 180/199

Table of Contents

notice to the Company, to a wholly-owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent to participate in the Merger in lieu of Parent or
Merger Subsidiary, in which event all references herein to Parent or Merger Subsidiary, as applicable, shall be deemed references to
such other Subsidiary; provided that any such assignment shall not materially impede or delay the consummation of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise materially impair the rights of the Company under this Agreement and
(ii) after the Effective Time, to any Person; provided that such transfer or assignment shall not relieve Parent or Merger Subsidiary of
its obligations hereunder or enlarge, alter or change any obligation of any other party hereto or due to Parent or Merger Subsidiary.

Section 11.06 Governing Law; Jurisdiction. This Agreement and all actions (whether at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise)
arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the negotiation, validity or performance of this Agreement, the Merger shall be governed
by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under
applicable principles of conflicts of laws. All Legal Proceedings (whether at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise) arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the negotiation, validity or performance of this Agreement, the Merger shall be heard and determined in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, and the parties irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such court (and, in the case of
appeals, the appropriate appellate court therefrom), in any such Legal Proceeding and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of any such Legal Proceeding. The consents to jurisdiction set forth in this paragraph shall not constitute
general consents to service of process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this
paragraph and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the parties hereto. The parties agree that service of any
court paper may be made in any manner as may be provided under the applicable Laws or court rules governing service of process in
such court. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Legal Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Applicable Law.

Section 11.07 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

Section 11.08 Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be
an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall become
effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and unless each
party has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have
any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication). This Agreement
may be executed by facsimile or .pdf signature and a facsimile or .pdf signature shall constitute an original for all purposes.

Section 11.09 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement between the
parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and
written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Section 11.10 Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so long
as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any
party. Upon such a determination, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as
originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.
 

A-55



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 181/199

Table of Contents

Section 11.11 Specific Performance. The Company, Parent and Merger Subsidiary acknowledge and agree that irreparable
damage would occur in the event any of the provisions of this Agreement required to be performed by any of the parties were not
performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not
be an adequate remedy therefor. Accordingly, in the event of any breach or threatened breach by any party of any covenant or
obligation contained in this Agreement, the Company or Parent shall be entitled to obtain, without proof of actual damages (and in
addition to any other remedy to which such party may be entitled at law or in equity): (a) a decree or order from a court of competent
jurisdiction of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation; and (b) an injunction
from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining such breach or threatened breach. Each party hereby waives any requirement for the
securing or posting of any bond in connection with any such remedy.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank; the next page is the signature page.]
 

A-56



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 182/199

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
officers as of the date set forth on the cover page of this Agreement.
 

INVENSENSE, INC.

By: /s/ Behrooz Abdi
 Name: Behrooz Abdi
 Title: President & CEO

TDK CORPORATION

By: /s/ Shigenao Ishiguro
 Name: Shigenao Ishiguro
 Title: President & CEO

TDK SENSOR SOLUTIONS CORPORATION

By: /s/ Francis J. Sweeney
 Name: Francis J. Sweeney
 Title: President & Chief Executive Officer

 
A-57



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 183/199

Table of Contents

Appendix B—Opinion of Qatalyst Partners LP
 

 
December 20, 2016

Board of Directors
InvenSense, Inc.
1745 Technology Dr.
San Jose, California 95110

Members of the Board:

We understand that InvenSense, Inc. (the “Company”), TDK Corporation (“Parent”), and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 21, 2016
(Japan Standard Time) (the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company (the “Merger”). Pursuant to the Merger, the Company will be the surviving corporation, and each outstanding share of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company (“Company Common Stock”), other than shares held by the Company as
treasury stock or owned by Parent or any subsidiary of Parent or the Company or any Dissenting Shares (as defined in the Merger
Agreement), will be converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash (the “Merger Consideration”). The terms and conditions of the
Merger are more fully set forth in the Merger Agreement.

You have asked for our opinion as to whether the Merger Consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Company Common
Stock, other than Parent or any affiliate of Parent, (the “Holders”) pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fair, from a financial point of
view, to such Holders.

For purposes of the opinion set forth herein, we have reviewed the Merger Agreement, certain related documents and certain publicly
available financial statements and other business and financial information of the Company. We have also reviewed certain forward-
looking information relating to the Company prepared by the management of the Company, including financial projections and
operating data prepared by the management of the Company (the “Company Projections”). Additionally, we discussed the past and
current operations and financial condition and the prospects of the Company with senior executives of the Company. We also reviewed
the historical market prices and trading activity for Company Common Stock and compared the financial performance of the Company
and the prices and trading activity of Company Common Stock with that of certain other selected publicly-traded companies and their
securities. In addition, we reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of selected acquisition transactions and
performed such other analyses, reviewed such other information and considered such other factors as we have deemed appropriate.

In arriving at our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the
information that was publicly available or supplied or otherwise made available to, or discussed with, us by the Company. With respect
to the Company Projections, we have been advised by the management of the Company, and have assumed, that they have been
reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company of the
future financial performance of the Company and other matters covered thereby. We have assumed that the Merger will be
consummated in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, without any modification, waiver
 

One Maritime Plaza| 24th Floor | San Francisco, CA 94111
Tel: 415.844.7700 | www.qatalyst.com | Fax: 415.391.3914

 
B-1



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 184/199

Table of Contents

 
or delay. In addition, we have assumed that in connection with the receipt of all the necessary approvals of the proposed Merger, no
delays, limitations, conditions or restrictions will be imposed that could have an adverse effect on the Company or the contemplated
benefits expected to be derived in the proposed Merger. We have not made any independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or
liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company nor have we been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. In addition, we
have relied, without independent verification, upon the assessment of the management of the Company as to the existing and future
technology and products of the Company and the risks associated with such technology and products.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with this transaction and will receive a fee
for our services payable upon rendering of this opinion. We will also receive an additional, larger fee if the Merger is consummated. In
addition, the Company has agreed to reimburse our expenses and indemnify us for certain liabilities arising out of our engagement.
During the two year period prior to the date hereof, no material relationship existed between Qatalyst and its affiliates and the
Company or Parent pursuant to which compensation was received by Qatalyst or its affiliates; however Qatalyst and/or its affiliates
may in the future provide investment banking and other financial services to the Company and Parent and their respective affiliates for
which we or they would expect to receive compensation.

Qatalyst provides investment banking and other services to a wide range of corporations and individuals, domestically and offshore,
from which conflicting interests or duties may arise. In the ordinary course of these activities, affiliates of Qatalyst may at any time
hold long or short positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions in debt or equity securities or loans of the Company, Parent
or certain of their respective affiliates.

This opinion has been approved by our opinion committee in accordance with our customary practice. This opinion is for the
information of the Board of Directors of the Company and may not be used for any other purpose without our prior written consent.
This opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of shares of Company Common Stock should vote with
respect to the Merger or any other matter and does not in any manner address the prices at which Company Common Stock will trade
at any time.

Our opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to us as of, the date hereof. Events occurring after the date hereof may affect this opinion and the assumptions used in
preparing it, and we do not assume any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion does not address the
underlying business decision of the Company to engage in the Merger, or the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any strategic
alternatives that may be available to the Company. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger
Consideration to be received by the Holders pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and we express no opinion with respect to the fairness
of the amount or nature of the compensation to any of the Company’s officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons,
relative to such Merger Consideration.

Based on and subject to the foregoing, we are of the opinion on the date hereof that the Merger Consideration to be received by the
Holders pursuant to the Merger Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such Holders.

Yours faithfully,

QATALYST PARTNERS LP
 

One Maritime Plaza| 24th Floor | San Francisco, CA 94111
Tel: 415.844.7700 | www.qatalyst.com | Fax: 415.391.3914

 
B-2



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 185/199

Table of Contents

Appendix C—Section 262, Delaware General Corporation Law (Appraisal Rights)

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to
subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to § 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery
of the fair value of the stockholder’s shares of stock under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As
used in this section, the word “stockholder” means a holder of record of stock in a corporation; the words “stock” and “share” mean
and include what is ordinarily meant by those words; and the words “depository receipt” mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in 1 or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited
with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or
consolidation to be effected pursuant to § 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to § 251(g) of this title and, subject to
paragraph (b)(3) of this section, § 251(h) of this title), § 252, § 254, § 255, § 256, § 257, § 258, § 263 or § 264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that, except as expressly provided in § 363(b) of this title, no appraisal rights under this section shall
be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the Record Date
fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger
or consolidation, were either (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and
further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in
§ 251(f) of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b)(1) of this section, appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of an agreement of merger
or consolidation pursuant to §§ 251, 252, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything
except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in
respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or depository
receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation will be either listed on a
national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a. and b. of
this section; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a., b. and c. of this section.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under § 251(h), § 253 or
§ 267 of this title is not owned by the parent immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of
the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

(4) In the event of an amendment to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation contemplated by § 363(a) of this title,
appraisal rights shall be available as contemplated by § 363(b) of this title, and the procedures of this section, including those set
forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as practicable, with the word “amendment” substituted for the
words “merger or consolidation,” and the word “corporation” substituted for the words “constituent corporation” and/or
“surviving or resulting corporation.”

 
C-1



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 186/199

Table of Contents

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the
shares of any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, any merger or consolidation in
which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the certificate
of incorporation contains such a provision, the procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this
section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall notify each of its
stockholders who was such on the Record Date for notice of such meeting (or such members who received notice in accordance
with § 255(c) of this title) with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) of this
section that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in such
notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Each
stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the
vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient
if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A
stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the
effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to § 228, § 251(h), § 253, or § 267 of this title, then either a
constituent corporation before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or resulting corporation within
10 days thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled
to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of
such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the
constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice or, in the
case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, within the later of the consummation of the tender or exchange offer
contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving
or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the
corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder’s
shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such
constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the
holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of
the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or
within 10 days after such effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than 20 days following the
sending of the first notice or, in the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, later than the later of the
consummation of the tender or exchange offer contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days following the sending of the first
notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded
appraisal of such holder’s shares in accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice that such notice has been given

 
C-2



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 187/199

Table of Contents

shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders
entitled to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a Record Date that shall be not more than
10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the Record Date shall be such effective date. If no Record Date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective
date, the Record Date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any
stockholder who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may
commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock of
all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days
after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and
(d) of this section hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from
the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with
respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement
shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholder’s written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under
subsection (d) of this section hereof, whichever is later. Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, a person who is the beneficial
owner of shares of such stock held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name,
file a petition or request from the corporation the statement described in this subsection.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting
corporation, which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a
duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom
agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed
by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be
given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the
City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this section and who have
become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and who
hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the
pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the
proceedings as to such stockholder.

(h) After the Court determines the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the appraisal proceeding shall be conducted in accordance
with the rules of the Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings. Through such proceeding the
Court shall determine the fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of
the merger or consolidation, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In determining
such fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. Unless the Court in its discretion determines otherwise for good
cause shown, interest from the effective date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment
 

C-3



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 188/199

Table of Contents

shall be compounded quarterly and shall accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established
from time to time during the period between the effective date of the merger and the date of payment of the judgment. Upon
application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court
may, in its discretion, proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal.
Any stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section
and who has submitted such stockholder’s certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in
all proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting
corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of holders of
uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court’s decree may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced,
whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the
circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in
connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and the fees and expenses of experts,
to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as
provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on the stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the
effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a written
withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days after
the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of
the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding
in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval may be
conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just; provided, however that this provision shall not affect the right of any stockholder
who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand
for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, as set forth in subsection (e) of this section.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been
converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the surviving or
resulting corporation.
 

C-4



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 189/199

Table of Contents

Appendix D—Form of Voting Agreement

VOTING AGREEMENT

VOTING AGREEMENT (this “Voting Agreement”), dated as of December [●], 2016, by and among TDK Corporation, a
company organized under the laws of Japan (“Parent”), and [            ] (“Stockholder”).

W I T N E S S E T H

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement, InvenSense, Inc., a Delaware corporation
(the “Company”), Parent and TDK Sensor Solutions Corporation, a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent
(“Merger Sub”) are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as the same may be amended from time to time, the “Merger
Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company
continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”);

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, Stockholder is the record or beneficial owner of the number of shares of Company Stock set
forth opposite his, her or its name on Exhibit A; and

WHEREAS, in order to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement, Stockholder has agreed to enter into this Voting
Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual agreements and covenants set forth herein and in the
Merger Agreement and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, and
intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

DEFINITIONS

1.1 Defined Terms. The following capitalized terms, as used in this Voting Agreement, shall have the meanings set forth below.
Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement.

(a) “Beneficially Own”, “Beneficial Ownership” or “beneficial owner” with respect to any shares of Company Stock means
having “beneficial ownership” of such securities (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as
amended (the “Exchange Act”)), including pursuant to any Contract, whether or not in writing. Without duplicative counting of the
same securities by the same holder, securities Beneficially Owned by a Person shall include securities Beneficially Owned by all other
Persons who are Affiliates of such Person and who together with such Person would constitute a “group” within the meaning of
Section 13(d)(3) of the Exchange Act.

(b) “Stockholder Shares” means all shares of Company Stock held of record or Beneficially Owned by Stockholder, whether
currently issued and outstanding or hereinafter acquired, including, without limitation, including by exercising or the vesting of any
Company Stock Option, or the vesting of any Company RSU or Company Restricted Stock held of record or Beneficially Owned by
Stockholder.

ARTICLE II

TRANSFER AND VOTING OF SHARES

2.1 No Transfer of Stockholder Shares. Prior to the Expiration Time (as defined below), Stockholder shall not, directly or
indirectly, (a) sell, pledge, encumber, assign, transfer or otherwise dispose of any or all of its
 

D-1



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 190/199

Table of Contents

Stockholder Shares or any interest in its Stockholder Shares (other than any pledge or encumbrance currently in existence), (b) deposit
its Stockholder Shares or any interest in its Stockholder Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with
respect to any of its Stockholder Shares or grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto (other than as contemplated
herein) or (c) enter into any Contract with respect to or otherwise agree to the direct or indirect acquisition or sale, pledge,
encumbrance, assignment, transfer or other disposition (whether by actual disposition or effective economic disposition due to hedging,
cash settlement or otherwise) of any of its Stockholder Shares (any such action in clause (a), (b) or (c) above, a “transfer”).
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the foregoing sentence, this Section 2.1 shall not prohibit a transfer of Stockholder Shares
by Stockholder (i) if Stockholder is an individual, (A) to any member of Stockholder’s immediate family or to a trust solely for the
benefit of Stockholder or any member of Stockholder’s immediate family, (B) upon the death of Stockholder to Stockholder’s heirs or
(C) to a charitable entity qualified as a 501(c)(3) organization under the Code or (ii) if Stockholder is not a natural person, to an
Affiliate controlled by Stockholder or under common control with Stockholder, as applicable; provided, however, that in each case a
transfer shall be permitted only if, and as a condition precedent to the effectiveness of such transfer, the transferee agrees in a writing,
satisfactory in form and substance to Parent, to be bound by all of the terms of this Voting Agreement as though such transferee were
the “Stockholder” hereunder. Stockholder shall and hereby does authorize Parent or its counsel to notify the Company’s transfer agent
that there is a stop transfer order with respect to all of the Stockholder Shares (and that this Voting Agreement places limits on the
voting and transfer of the Stockholder Shares); provided that if Parent or its counsel gives such notification, it shall following the
Expiration Time (as defined below) further notify the Company’s transfer agent that the stop transfer order (and all other restrictions
contained in this Voting Agreement) have terminated as of such date.

2.2 Vote in Favor of the Merger and Related Matters. Stockholder, solely in Stockholder’s capacity as a stockholder of the
Company (and not, if applicable, in Stockholder’s capacity as an officer or director of the Company), irrevocably and unconditionally
agrees that, from and after the date hereof and until the Expiration Time (as defined below), at any meeting of the stockholders of the
Company or any adjournment thereof, or in connection with any action by written consent of the stockholders of the Company,
Stockholder shall:

(a) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause all of its Stockholder Shares to be counted as present thereat for purposes of
calculating a quorum; and

(b) vote (or cause to be voted), in person or by proxy, or deliver a written consent (or cause a consent to be delivered) covering,
all of its Stockholder Shares: (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (ii) in favor of any proposal to adjourn or postpone any meeting of the
Company’s stockholders to a later date if there are not sufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement, (ii) in favor of any other matter
reasonably relating to the consummation or facilitation of, or otherwise in furtherance of, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (iii) against any Acquisition Proposal and (iv) against any other action, proposal, agreement,
transaction or arrangement submitted for approval of the Company’s stockholders that is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to
impede, interfere or be inconsistent with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the consummation of the Merger, including,
without limitation, any extraordinary transaction, merger, consolidation, sale of assets, recapitalization or other business combination
involving the Company or any other action, agreement or arrangement that could reasonably be expected to result in a material breach
of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement of the Company under the Merger Agreement or that
could reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the obligations under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or
satisfied.

2.3 Termination. This Voting Agreement and the obligations of the parties hereunder shall automatically terminate upon the
earliest to occur of (a) such time as the Merger Agreement shall have been validly terminated pursuant to its terms, (b) the Effective
Time, (c) the End Date and (d) such time as the Merger Agreement is amended to change the form or reduce the amount of Merger
Consideration to be paid pursuant thereto (such earliest time, the “Expiration Time”); provided, however, that the provisions of Article
V shall survive any termination of this Voting Agreement.
 

D-2



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 191/199

Table of Contents

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES
OF THE STOCKHOLDERS

Stockholder hereby represents and warrants to Parent, as of the date of this Voting Agreement, as follows:

3.1 Authorization; Binding Agreement. Stockholder has all legal right, power, authority and capacity to execute and deliver this
Voting Agreement, to perform his, her or its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This
Voting Agreement has been duly and validly executed and delivered by or on behalf of Stockholder and, assuming the due
authorization, execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement by Parent, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of
Stockholder, enforceable against Stockholder in accordance with its terms (except as enforcement may be limited by any applicable
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar Laws of general applicability affecting creditors’ rights generally and by
general principles of equity).

3.2 No Conflict; Required Filings and Consents.

(a) The execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement to Parent by Stockholder does not, and the performance of this
Voting Agreement will not, (i) conflict with or violate any Applicable Law by which Stockholder is bound or affected, (ii) violate or
conflict with the articles of incorporation or bylaws or other equivalent organizational documents of Stockholder, if applicable, result in
or constitute (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) any breach of or default under, or give to another party any right of
termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation of, or result in the creation of any Lien on any of the property or assets of
Stockholder pursuant to, any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, contract, agreement, lease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument
or obligation to which Stockholder is a party or by which Stockholder or any of Stockholder’s properties or assets is bound or affected.
There is no beneficiary or holder of a voting trust certificate or other interest of any trust of which Stockholder is a trustee whose
consent is required for the execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement or the consummation by Stockholder of the transactions
contemplated by this Voting Agreement.

(b) The execution and delivery of this Voting Agreement to Parent by Stockholder does not, and the performance of this
Voting Agreement will not, require any consent, approval, authorization, waiver, order or permit of, or filing with or notification to, any
third party or any Governmental Authority, except where the failure to obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations, waivers, orders
or permits, or to make such filings or notifications, would not interfere with Stockholder’s ability to perform Stockholder’s obligations
hereunder.

3.3 Litigation. There is no Legal Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of Stockholder, threatened, against Stockholder or any
of Stockholder’s Affiliates or any of their respective properties or assets or any of their respective officers, directors, partners,
managers or members (in their capacities as such), as applicable, that would interfere with Stockholder’s ability to perform his, her or
its obligations hereunder or that would prevent, enjoin, alter or delay any of the transactions contemplated by this Voting Agreement.

3.4 Title to Stockholder Shares. As of the date of this Voting Agreement, Stockholder is the record or beneficial owner of the
shares of Company Stock set forth opposite its name on Exhibit A. Stockholder has good title to Stockholder’s Stockholder Shares free
and clear of all Liens other than pursuant to this Voting Agreement and applicable securities Laws. As of the date of this Voting
Agreement, Stockholder’s Stockholder Shares constitute all of the shares of Company Stock Beneficially Owned or owned of record
by Stockholder. Except as otherwise set forth in this Voting Agreement, Stockholder has and will have at all times through the Closing
Date sole voting power (including the right to control such vote as contemplated herein), sole power of disposition and sole power to
agree to all of the matters set forth in this Voting Agreement, in each case with respect to all of its Stockholder Shares.
 

D-3



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 192/199

Table of Contents

3.5 Acknowledgement of the Merger Agreement. Stockholder hereby acknowledges and agrees that Stockholder has received a
draft of the Merger Agreement presented to Stockholder as in substantially final form and has reviewed and understood the terms
thereof.

ARTICLE IV

COVENANTS OF THE STOCKHOLDERS

4.1 Further Assurances. From time to time and without additional consideration, Stockholder shall execute and deliver, or cause
to be executed and delivered, such additional transfers, assignments, endorsements, proxies, consents and other instruments, and shall
take such further actions, as Parent may reasonably request for the purpose of carrying out and furthering the intent of this Voting
Agreement.

4.2 Waiver of Appraisal Rights. Stockholder hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives any rights of appraisal or rights to
dissent from the Merger that Stockholder may have (including under Section 262 of the DGCL).

4.3 No Inconsistent Agreements. Except for this Voting Agreement, during the term of this Voting Agreement Stockholder shall
not: (a) enter into any voting agreement, voting trust or similar agreement with respect to any of the Stockholder Shares, (b) grant any
proxy, consent, power of attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to any of the Stockholder Shares or (c) knowingly take
any action that would constitute a breach hereof, make any representation or warranty of Stockholder set forth in Article III untrue or
incorrect or have the effect of preventing or disabling Stockholder from performing any of its obligations under this Voting Agreement.

4.4 Public Announcements. Stockholder shall not, shall cause its officers, directors, managers, partners or members to not, and
shall instruct and use commercially reasonable efforts to cause its Affiliates and each of their respective officers, directors, managers,
partners or members (in their capacity as such), as applicable, to not issue any press release with respect to the Merger Agreement, this
Voting Agreement, the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of
Parent, except as may be required by applicable Law. Stockholder further agrees to permit the Company and Parent to publish and
disclose, including in filings with the SEC and in the press release announcing the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
(the “Announcement Release”), this Voting Agreement and the Stockholder’s identity and ownership of the Stockholder Shares and the
nature of the Stockholder’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this Voting Agreement, in each case, to the extent
the Company or Parent reasonably determines that such information is required to be disclosed by applicable Law (or in the case of the
Announcement Release, to the extent the information contained therein is consistent with other disclosures being made by the
Company and Parent).

4.5 No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals. Except as permitted by the Merger Agreement, neither Stockholder nor any of
Stockholder’s officers, directors, managers, partners or members, as applicable, shall, and such Stockholder shall cause his, her or its
employees, agents, consultants and representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (a) solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly
facilitate or knowingly encourage the making, submission or announcement of any inquiry, proposal or offer (including any inquiry,
proposal or offer to the Company’s stockholders) which constitutes or would be reasonably expected to lead to any Acquisition
Proposal, or (b) enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any information relating to the Company or
any of the Company Subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of the
Company Subsidiaries to, otherwise cooperate in any way with, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by
any Third Party that is reasonably expected to make, or is otherwise seeking to make, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal (other than,
solely in response to an unsolicited inquiry, to refer the inquiring Third Party to this Section 4.5 and to limit its conversation or other
communication exclusively to such referral).
 

D-4



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 193/199

Table of Contents

4.6 Fiduciary Duties. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary: (i) Stockholder makes no agreement or
understanding herein in any capacity other than in Stockholder’s capacity as a record holder and beneficial owner of the Stockholder
Shares, and not in Stockholder’s capacity as a director or officer of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, and (ii) nothing
herein will be construed to limit or affect any action or inaction by Stockholder or any representative of Stockholder, as applicable,
serving on the board of directors of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or as an officer of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, acting in such person’s capacity as a director or officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

4.7 Additional Purchases. Stockholder agrees that any Company Stock (or any Company Securities related thereto) acquired or
purchased by him, her or it after the execution of this Voting Agreement shall be subject to the terms of this Voting Agreement to the
same extent as if they constituted Stockholder Shares as of the date of this Voting Agreement.

ARTICLE V

GENERAL PROVISIONS

5.1 Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Voting Agreement, and to the extent referenced herein, the Merger Agreement,
constitute the entire agreement of the parties hereto and supersede all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral,
between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. This Voting Agreement may not be amended or modified except in
an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, the parties hereto.

5.2 Assignment. No party to this Voting Agreement may assign any of its rights or obligations under this Voting Agreement
without the prior written consent of the other parties hereto, except that Parent may assign, in its sole discretion, all or any of its rights,
interests and obligations hereunder to any assignee of Parent’s rights under the Merger Agreement. Any assignment contrary to the
provisions of this Section 5.2 shall be null and void.

5.3 Severability. The provisions of this Voting Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision hereof shall not affect the validity or enforceability or the other provisions hereof. If any provision of this Voting Agreement,
or the application thereof to any person or any circumstance, is invalid or unenforceable, (a) a suitable and equitable provision shall be
substituted therefor in order to carry out, so far as may be valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or
unenforceable provision; and (b) the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or
circumstances shall not be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, nor shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the
validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application thereof, in any other jurisdiction.

5.4 Specific Performance. The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of
this Voting Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached and that money damages
or other legal remedies would not be an adequate remedy for any such damage. Stockholder agrees that, in the event of any breach or
threatened breach by Stockholder of any covenant or obligation contained in this Voting Agreement, Parent shall be entitled to seek
(a) a decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation, with
Stockholder agreeing that it shall waive the defense of adequacy of a remedy at law in any such Legal Proceeding, and/or (b) an
injunction restraining such breach or threatened breach, this being in addition to any other remedy to which Parent is entitled at law or
in equity. Stockholder further agrees that neither Parent nor any other party shall be required to obtain, furnish or post any bond or
similar instrument in connection with or as a condition to obtaining any remedy referred to in this Section 5.4, and Stockholder
irrevocably waives any right he, she or it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such bond or similar
instrument.
 

D-5



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 194/199

Table of Contents

5.5 Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial.

(a) This Voting Agreement and all actions (whether at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this
Voting Agreement or the negotiation, validity or performance of this Voting Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of
conflicts of laws. All Legal Proceedings (whether at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise) arising out of or relating to this Voting
Agreement or the negotiation, validity or performance of this Voting Agreement shall be heard and determined in the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware, and the parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of such court (and, in the case of
appeals, the appropriate appellate court therefrom), in any such Legal Proceeding and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient
forum to the maintenance of any such Legal Proceeding. The consents to jurisdiction set forth in this paragraph shall not constitute
general consents to service of process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this
paragraph and shall not be deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the parties hereto. The parties hereto agree that service of
any court paper may be made in any manner as may be provided under the applicable Laws or court rules governing service of process
in such court. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such Legal Proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in
other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by Applicable Law.

(b) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY ARISE UNDER
THIS VOTING AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT
HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS VOTING
AGREEMENT AND ANY OF THE AGREEMENTS DELIVERED IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (I) NO
REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE EITHER OF SUCH
WAIVERS, (II) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVERS, (III) IT MAKES
SUCH WAIVERS VOLUNTARILY, AND (IV) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS VOTING AGREEMENT BY,
AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 5.5(C).

5.6 No Waiver. No failure or delay by any party hereto in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a
waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other
right, power or privilege. Neither party shall be deemed to have waived any claim available to it arising out of this Voting Agreement,
or any right, power or privilege hereunder, unless the waiver is expressly set forth in writing duly executed and delivered on behalf of
such party. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law.

5.7 Expenses. Each party shall bear their respective expenses, costs and fees (including attorneys’ fees, if any) in connection with
the preparation, execution and delivery of this Agreement and compliance herewith, whether or not the Merger is effected.

5.8 Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile
transmission and electronic mail (“e-mail”) transmission and shall be given:

if to Parent:

TDK Corporation
Attention:
Facsimile:
Email:

 
D-6



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 195/199

Table of Contents

with a copy to (for information purposes only):

Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
2550 Hanover Street
Palo Alto, CA 94304-1115

 Attention: Jorge del Calvo
     Allison Leopold Tilley
 Facsimile: 650.233.4545

E-mail:

and

Jones Day
3161 Michelson Drive, Suite 800
Irvine, California 92648

 Attention: Jonn Beeson and Kevin Espinola
 Facsimile: 1-949-553-7539

E-mail:

if to Stockholder, to the address or facsimile number set forth on the signature page hereof or, if not set forth thereon, to the
address reflected in the stock books of the Company, or to such other address, or facsimile number or electronic mail address as such
party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications
shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day in the place of
receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business
day in the place of receipt. In order to be deemed valid notice under this 5.8, e-mail notice must state that it constitutes notice under
this Voting Agreement and must be followed by written notice delivered by overnight courier or hand-delivered via valid delivery
pursuant to such method within two Business Days from the date of the original e-mail notice.

5.9 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Voting Agreement is for the sole benefit of, shall be binding upon, and may be enforced
solely by, Parent and Stockholder and nothing in this Voting Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any
Person (other than Parent and Stockholder) any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever; provided, that the
Company shall be a third party beneficiary of this Voting Agreement and shall be entitled to enforce any power, right, privilege or
remedy of Parent hereunder.

5.10 Headings. The heading references herein are for convenience of reference only and do not form part of this Voting
Agreement, and no construction or reference shall be derived therefrom.

5.11 Counterparts. This Voting Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original, with
the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Voting Agreement shall become effective
when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and unless each party
has received a counterpart hereof signed by the other party hereto, this Voting Agreement shall have no effect and no party shall have
any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other communication). This Voting
Agreement may be executed by facsimile or .pdf signature and a facsimile or .pdf signature shall constitute an original for all purposes.

[remainder of page left intentionally blank]
 

D-7



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 196/199

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Voting Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first written
above.
 

TDK CORPORATION

By:  
 Name:
 Title:

 
STOCKHOLDER

If other than a natural person:

Name of Stockholder*

By:   
 Name:  
 Title:  
 Date:  
 Address:   
   
   
 Facsimile:   

 
If a natural person:

 
 

Name:*  
Date:  
Address:   

  
  

Facsimile:  
 

*
 
Complete exactly as name appears on stock
certificates

 
D-8



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 197/199

Table of Contents

Exhibit A
 

Stockholder Name  Company Common Stock
 

 
D-9



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 198/199

Table of Contents

 
TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS:  KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS     

 DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY

THIS PROXY CARD IS ONLY VALID WHEN SIGNED AND DATED.
 

                          
  The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR each of Proposals 1, 2 and 3.       
       
       
  

         For Against Abstain   
  

  

1.

 

To adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger entered into by and among InvenSense, TDK Corporation and TDK
Sensor Solutions Corporation, pursuant to which InvenSense would be acquired by TDK Corporation (the
“Merger”), and each share of InvenSense common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the Merger, will automatically be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $13.00 in cash.   

☐

 

☐

 

☐

  

 

  

  
2.

 
To approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to
InvenSense’s named executive officers in connection with the Merger.   

☐
 

☐
 

☐
  

 

  

  

3.

 

To approve the postponement or adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit
additional proxies in favor of the Proposal 1 if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to
approve Proposal 1.   

☐

 

☐

 

☐

  

 

  

  
NOTE: In his or her discretion, the proxies are authorized to vote upon such other business as may properly come
before the meeting or any postponements or adjournments thereof.       

 

  

 

 

  

Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor,
administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign
personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate
or partnership name, by authorized officer.
        

 

  
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX]
  

Date      
  

Signature (Joint Owners)
  

Date      
      

 

                        

 
 

INVENSENSE, INC.
1745 TECHNOLGY DRIVE
SUITE 200
SAN JOSE, CA 95110

VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com

Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery
of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date
or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and
follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting
instruction form.

ELECTRONIC DELIVERY OF FUTURE PROXY MATERIALS

If you would like to reduce the costs incurred by our company in mailing proxy
materials, you can consent to receiving all future proxy statements, proxy cards
and annual reports electronically via e-mail or the Internet. To sign up for
electronic delivery, please follow the instructions above to vote using the Internet
and, when prompted, indicate that you agree to receive or access proxy materials
electronically in future years.

VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903

Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59
P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your
proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions.

VOTE BY MAIL

Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope
we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes
Way, Edgewood, NY 11717.



9/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1294924/000119312517099992/d329156ddefm14a.htm 199/199

Table of Contents

 

 
 
 
 
 
 

  
  

 

 

 
INVENSENSE, INC.

Special Meeting of Stockholders
Wednesday, May 17, 2017 10:00 AM

This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors
 
The undersigned hereby appoints Behrooz Abdi and David Young, or either of them, as proxies, each with the power to
appoint his substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all
of the shares of common stock of InvenSense, Inc. that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of
Stockholders to be held at 1745 Technology Drive, San Jose, California 95110, at 10:00 AM on Wednesday, May 17, 2017,
and any adjournment or postponement thereof.
 
This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this
proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations.

 
 
 

 

 

Continued and to be signed on reverse side


