







































9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 1/95

DEFM14A 1 d376010ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 

 
SCHEDULE 14A

(Rule 14a-101)
INFORMATION REQUIRED IN PROXY STATEMENT

SCHEDULE 14A INFORMATION
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 
Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐
Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐  Confidential, For Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒  Definitive Proxy Statement
☐  Definitive Additional Materials
☐  Soliciting Material Under Rule 14a-12

FBR & CO.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
☒  No fee required.
☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)
 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 

     

 

(2)
 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 

     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount
on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 

     

 

(4)
 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 

     

 

(5)
 

Total fee paid:
 

     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:
☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the
offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the
date of its filing.

 

(1)
 

Amount Previously Paid:
 

     

 

(2)
 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 

     

 

(3)
 

Filing Party:
 

     



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 2/95

 

(4)
 

Date Filed:
 
     

   



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 3/95

Table of Contents

  

MERGER PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Shareholders of B. Riley Financial, Inc. and FBR & Co.,

B. Riley Financial, Inc., which we refer to as B. Riley, FBR & Co., which we refer to as FBR, and BRC Merger Sub, LLC, which
we refer to as merger sub, have entered into a definitive merger agreement, which, as amended, modified or otherwise supplemented,
we refer to as the merger agreement, that provides for the combination of B. Riley and FBR. Under the merger agreement, FBR will
merge with and into merger sub, with merger sub continuing as the surviving company, which we refer to as the merger. Before we
complete the merger, the stockholders of B. Riley must approve the issuance of common shares of B. Riley, par value $0.0001 per
share, which we refer to as B. Riley common shares, and the shareholders of FBR must approve the merger agreement. B. Riley
stockholders will vote to approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares and approve related matters, as well as to approve the other
matters to be considered at the annual meeting as described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus at their annual meeting of
stockholders, which we refer to as the B. Riley annual meeting. FBR shareholders will vote to approve the merger agreement and
approve related matters as described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus at their special meeting of shareholders, which we refer to
as the FBR special meeting.

If the merger is completed, each common share of FBR, par value $0.001 per share, which we refer to as FBR common shares,
excluding certain specified shares, will be converted into and become exchangeable for 0.671 of a B. Riley common share, with cash
paid in lieu of fractional B. Riley common shares, which we refer to as the merger consideration. Although the number of B. Riley
common shares is fixed, the market value of the merger consideration will fluctuate with the market price of B. Riley common shares.
B. Riley common shares and FBR common shares are traded on the NASDAQ Stock Market, which we refer to as Nasdaq, under the
trading symbol “RILY” and “FBRC,” respectively. Based on the closing price of B. Riley common shares on February 17, 2017, the
last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the value of the per share merger
consideration payable to holders of FBR common shares was $11.78. Based on the closing price of B. Riley common shares on
April 27, 2017 of $15.00, the merger consideration represented approximately $71.45 million in value for FBR common shares. We
urge you to obtain current market quotations for B. Riley and FBR.

Prior to the closing, the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR to pay a cash dividend, which we refer to as the
pre-closing dividend. As of the date hereof, FBR expects the pre-closing dividend on a per share basis to be in a range of $7.50 to
$8.00. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend” in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. We expect the merger to
be tax-free for FBR shareholders. The preceding sentence does not apply to the pre-closing dividend, which will be taxed in the manner
described in “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. After
completion of the merger, based on the issued and outstanding B. Riley common shares as of the close of business on the record date
and the 4,877,147 B. Riley common shares expected to be issued to FBR shareholders, FBR shareholders would own approximately
19.9% of the B. Riley common shares (not taking into account any B. Riley common shares they may already own).

Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares you own. The merger cannot be completed unless:
 

 
•  The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the approval of the merger agreement at the FBR special

meeting at which a quorum is present vote to approve the merger agreement. A failure to vote or an abstention will have the
same effect as a vote against the approval of the merger agreement.



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 4/95

Table of Contents

 

•  The affirmative vote of a majority of the total votes cast at the B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present vote to
approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in connection with the merger agreement. A failure to vote or an abstention
will have no effect on the approval of the issuance of B. Riley common shares in connection with the merger agreement,
assuming a quorum.

The B. Riley annual meeting will be held at the offices of B. Riley’s subsidiary, B. Riley & Co., LLC, located at 11100 Santa
Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on June 1, 2017. The FBR special meeting will be
held at 1300 North Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017.

Even if you plan to attend the FBR special meeting or the B. Riley annual meeting in person, FBR and B. Riley request that you
complete, sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy or voting instruction card in the accompanying prepaid
reply envelope or submit your proxy by telephone or the Internet prior to the FBR special meeting or the B. Riley annual meeting, as
applicable, to ensure that your FBR common shares or B. Riley common shares, as applicable, will be represented at such special
meeting if you are unable to attend. If you hold your shares in “street name” through a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee, you
should follow the procedures provided by your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to vote your shares.

The B. Riley board of directors has determined that the combination of B. Riley and FBR is in the best interests of B. Riley and
its stockholders based upon its analysis, investigation and deliberation, and the B. Riley board of directors recommends that B. Riley
stockholders vote “FOR” the issuance of B. Riley common shares as set forth in the merger agreement, “FOR” the approval of
adjournments of the B. Riley annual meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor
of the B. Riley share issuance proposal and “FOR” the other matters to be considered at the B. Riley annual meeting.

The FBR board of directors has determined that the combination of FBR and B. Riley is in the best interests of FBR and its
shareholders based upon its analysis, investigation and deliberation, and the FBR board of directors recommends that the FBR
shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the merger agreement, “FOR” the approval of the compensation of FBR’s named executive
officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger and “FOR” the approval of adjournments of the FBR special meeting, if
necessary or appropriate, including adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the FBR merger proposal.

You should read this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the appendices and the documents incorporated by
reference into the document, carefully because it contains important information about the B. Riley annual meeting, the FBR special
meeting and the merger and the related transactions. In particular, you should read carefully the information under the section
entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 31 for a discussion of the risks you should consider in evaluating the proposed
merger and how they will affect you.

Sincerely,
 

  
Bryant R. Riley
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer   

Richard J. Hendrix
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

B. Riley Financial, Inc.   FBR & Co.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved the
merger described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the B. Riley common shares to be issued in the merger, or passed
upon the adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal
offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated May 1, 2017, and is first being mailed to the stockholders of B. Riley and the
shareholders of FBR on or about May 2, 2017.



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 5/95

Table of Contents

FBR & CO.
1300 NORTH SEVENTEENTH STREET

ARLINGTON, VIRGINIA 22209
(703) 312-9500

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

TO BE HELD JUNE 1, 2017

To the Shareholders of FBR & Co.:

Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of shareholders of FBR & Co., which we refer to as FBR, will be held at 1300 North
Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209, at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017, which we refer to as the FBR
special meeting, for the following purposes:
 

 

•  to approve the Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 15, 2017, and effective as of
February 17, 2017 (as amended, modified or otherwise supplemented), by and among FBR, B. Riley Financial, Inc. and
BRC Merger Sub, LLC, which we refer to as merger sub, pursuant to which FBR will merge with and into merger sub,
which we refer to as the merger, as more fully described in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus, which we refer to
as the FBR merger proposal;

 

 

•  to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to FBR’s named
executive officers in connection with the merger, and the agreements and understandings pursuant to which such
compensation may be paid or become payable, as discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of FBR’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” in the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus, which we refer to as the
merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal; and

 

 
•  to approve one or more adjournments of the FBR special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including adjournments to

solicit additional proxies in favor of the FBR merger proposal, which we refer to as the FBR adjournment proposal.

FBR will transact no other business at the FBR special meeting, except for business properly brought before the FBR special
meeting or any adjournment or postponement of such meeting.

The approval by FBR’s shareholders of the FBR merger proposal is required for the completion of the merger described in the
attached joint proxy statement/prospectus. Approval of the advisory (non-binding) proposal with respect to the compensation that may
be paid or become payable to FBR’s named executive officers in connection with the merger is not a condition to completion of the
merger, and failure to approve this advisory matter will have no effect on the vote to approve the merger proposal.

All shareholders are invited to attend the FBR special meeting. Only those shareholders of record at the close of business on April
27, 2017, will be entitled to notice of the FBR special meeting and to vote at the FBR special meeting.

Please refer to the attached joint proxy statement/prospectus with respect to the business to be transacted at the FBR special
meeting.

Your vote is very important. To ensure your representation at the FBR special meeting, please complete, sign, date and
return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope
or submit your proxy by telephone or through the Internet. Please vote promptly whether or not you expect to attend the FBR
special meeting. Submitting a proxy now will not prevent you from being able to vote in person at the FBR special meeting.



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 6/95

Table of Contents

The FBR board of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby
and recommends that you vote “FOR” the FBR merger proposal, “FOR” the merger-related named executive officer
compensation proposal and “FOR” the FBR adjournment proposal.
 

BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Gavin A. Beske
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary

Arlington, Virginia
May 1, 2017



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 7/95

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Both B. Riley Financial, Inc., which we refer to as B. Riley, and FBR & Co., which we refer to as FBR, file annual, quarterly and
current reports, proxy statements and other business and financial information with the Securities and Exchange Commission, which
we refer to as the SEC. You may read and copy any materials that either B. Riley or FBR files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public
Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-
0330 ((800) 732-0330) for further information on the public reference room. In addition, B. Riley and FBR file reports and other
business and financial information with the SEC electronically, and the SEC maintains a website located at http://www.sec.gov
containing this information. You can also obtain, free of charge, documents that B. Riley files with the SEC at www.brileyfin.com
under the tab “Investor Relations” or documents that FBR files with the SEC at www.fbr.com under the tab “Investor Relations.” The
information provided on the B. Riley and FBR websites is not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is not incorporated
herein by reference. Paper or email copies of the documents that B. Riley or FBR files with the SEC can also be obtained, free of
charge, by either directing a written request to B. Riley Financial, Inc., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 21255 Burbank Boulevard,
Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California 91367, calling 800-85-GREAT (800-854-7328) or emailing ir@brileyfin.com; or by directing a
written request to FBR & Co., Attention: Corporate Secretary, 1300 North Seventeenth Street, Arlington, Virginia 22209, calling
FBR’s proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., at (866) 620-0678 or emailing fbrir@fbr.com.

B. Riley has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC the B. Riley common shares as specified therein.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part of that registration statement. As permitted by SEC rules, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information included in the registration statement or in the exhibits or schedules to the
registration statement. You may read and copy the registration statement, including any amendments, schedules and exhibits, at the
addresses set forth below. Statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as to the contents of any contract or other
documents referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are not necessarily complete. In each case, you should refer to the copy
of the applicable contract or other document filed as an exhibit to, or incorporated by reference into, the registration statement. This
joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about B. Riley and FBR that is not included
in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including incorporating by reference documents that B. Riley and FBR have
previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about the companies and their financial condition. See
“Documents Incorporated by Reference.” These documents are available without charge to you upon written or oral request to the
applicable company’s principal executive offices. The respective addresses and telephone numbers of such principal executive offices
are listed below:
 

B. Riley Financial, Inc.
21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400

Woodland Hills, California 91367
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Telephone: (818) 884-3737   

FBR & Co.
1300 North Seventeenth Street

Arlington, Virginia 22209
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Telephone: (703) 312-9500

To obtain timely delivery of these documents, you must request the information no later than May 24, 2017, in order to
receive them before the annual meeting of B. Riley stockholders, which we refer to as the B. Riley annual meeting, and the
special meeting of FBR shareholders, which we refer to as the FBR special meeting.

B. Riley common shares, par value $0.0001 per share, which we refer to as B. Riley common shares, are traded on the NASDAQ
Stock Market, which we refer to as Nasdaq, under the symbol “RILY,” and FBR common shares, par value $0.001 per share, which we
refer to as FBR common shares, are traded on Nasdaq under the symbol “FBRC.”



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 8/95

Table of Contents

THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE SOLICITATION OF A PROXY IN ANY
JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH PROXY
SOLICITATION IN THAT JURISDICTION. YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED OR
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO VOTE YOUR FBR COMMON
SHARES OR B. RILEY COMMON SHARES, AS APPLICABLE, AT THE FBR SPECIAL MEETING OR THE B. RILEY
ANNUAL MEETING. B. RILEY AND FBR HAVE NOT AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION
THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT IS CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THIS JOINT
PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED MAY 1, 2017. YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION
CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY DATE OTHER THAN THAT
DATE, AND THE MAILING OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO STOCKHOLDERS DOES NOT CREATE
ANY IMPLICATION TO THE CONTRARY.



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 9/95

Table of Contents

Table of Contents
 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    1 
SUMMARY    11 

The Parties    11 
The Merger and the Merger Agreement    12 
Merger Consideration    12 
Pre-Closing Dividend    12 
Treatment of FBR Equity Awards    13 
Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    14 
Opinion of FBR’s Financial Advisor    14 
Recommendations of the B.  Riley Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    14 
B. Riley Annual Meeting    14 
FBR Special Meeting    15 
Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    16 
Regulatory Matters    17 
Conditions to Completion of the Merger    17 
No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals    18 
No Change in Recommendation or Alternative Acquisition Agreement    19 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    19 
Termination Fee    20 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    21 
Accounting Treatment    21 
Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights    22 
Risk Factors    22 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF B. RILEY    23 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF FBR    25 
SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    27 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations    27 
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet    27 

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA (UNAUDITED)    28 
MARKET PRICES, DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS    29 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    30 
RISK FACTORS    31 

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger and B.  Riley’s Business Upon Completion of the Merger    31 
Risk Factors Relating to FBR and FBR’s Business    38 
Risk Factors Relating to B. Riley and B. Riley’s Business    38 

FBR SPECIAL MEETING    39 
Date, Time and Place    39 
Purpose    39 
Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors    39 
Record Date and Quorum    40 
Required Vote    40 
Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    40 
How to Vote    41 
Shares Held in Street Name    41 
Revoking Your Proxy    42 
Attending the FBR Special Meeting    42 
Solicitation of Proxies    42 
Delivery of Proxy Materials to Stockholders Sharing an Address    43 
Assistance    43 

FBR PROPOSALS    44 
 

-i-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 10/95

Table of Contents

FBR Merger Proposal    44 
Merger-Related Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal    44 
FBR Adjournment Proposal    44 
Other Matters to Come Before the FBR Special Meeting    45 

B. RILEY ANNUAL MEETING    46 
Date, Time and Place    46 
Purpose    46 
Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors    46 
Record Date and Quorum    46 
Required Vote    47 
Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    47 
How to Vote    48 
Shares Held in Street Name    48 
Revoking Your Proxy    49 
Attending the B. Riley Annual Meeting    49 
Solicitation of Proxies    49 
Delivery of Proxy Materials to Stockholders Sharing an Address    50 
Other Matters to Come Before the B. Riley Annual Meeting    50 

B. RILEY MERGER-RELATED PROPOSALS    51 
B. Riley Share Issuance Proposal    51 
B. Riley Adjournment Proposal    51 

INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARTIES    52 
FBR & Co.    52 
B. Riley Financial, Inc.    52 
BRC Merger Sub, LLC    53 

THE MERGER    54 
Terms of the Merger    54 
Background of the Merger    56 
Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    59 
FBR’s Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    61 
Opinion of FBR’s Financial Advisor    63 
Recommendations of the B.  Riley Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    75 
B. Riley Board of Directors After the Merger    76 
Merger Sub Officers and Sole Member after the Merger    77 
Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    77 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    82 
Accounting Treatment    84 
Public Trading Markets    84 
Exchange of Shares in the Merger    85 
Appraisal Rights    85 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    85 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    86 
Explanatory Note    86 
The Merger    86 
Effects of the Merger    87 
Closing and Effective Time of the Merger    87 
Certificate of Formation; Limited Liability Company Agreement    87 
Directors    87 
Officers and Sole Member    87 
Merger Consideration    88 
Treatment of FBR Equity Awards    88 
Exchange Procedures    89 

 
-ii-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 11/95

Table of Contents

Representations and Warranties    91 
Conduct of FBR’s Business    94 
B. Riley Forbearance    97 
No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals    98 
No Change in Recommendation or Alternative Acquisition Agreement    100 
Regulatory Matters    101 
Stockholders Meetings    101 
Nasdaq Listing    102 
Employee Matters    102 
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    103 
Pre-Closing Dividend    104 
Other Covenants and Agreements    105 
Conditions to the Merger    105 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    108 
Effect of Termination    109 
Termination Fee    109 
Amendments and Waivers    109 
Specific Performance; Remedies    109 
Related Agreements    110 

VOTING AGREEMENTS    111 
Explanatory Note    111 
B. Riley Voting Agreements    111 
FBR Voting Agreements    112 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    113 
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet as of December  31, 2016    114 
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations for the Year Ended December 31, 2016    115 
Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information    116 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    120 
Tax Consequences of the Merger Generally    121 
Cash Instead of Fractional Shares    121 
Pre-Closing Dividend    121 
Information Reporting and Backup Withholding    122 

DESCRIPTION OF B. RILEY’S CAPITAL STOCK    123 
Common Shares    123 
Preferred Shares    124 
Anti-Takeover Provisions    124 

COMPARISON OF CERTAIN RIGHTS OF HOLDERS OF B.  RILEY AND FBR COMMON SHARES    126 
General    126 
Comparison of Certain Rights    126 

OTHER MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE B. RILEY ANNUAL MEETING    134 
Election of Directors    134 
Ratification and Selection of Independent Public Accounting Firm    136 

B. RILEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE    138 
B. Riley Corporate Governance Guidelines    138 
Director Independence    138 
Nominations for Directors    138 
Stockholder Communications with Directors    140 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics    140 
Meetings and Committees of the B. Riley Board of Directors    140 
Meeting Attendance    140 

 
-iii-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 12/95

Table of Contents

Committees of the B. Riley Board of Directors    140 
Board Leadership Structure    141 
Board Role in Risk Management    142 
Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions    143 
Procedures for Approval of Related Party Transactions    148 
Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance    148 

B. RILEY EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION    149 
Summary Compensation Table    150 
Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End    151 
Role of the B.  Riley Compensation Committee and Executive Officers in Compensation Decisions    151 
Role of Compensation Consultants in Compensation Decisions    151 
Setting Executive Compensation    151 
Components of Compensation for Named Executive Officers    152 
Employment Agreements    153 
Equity Compensation Plan Information    154 

B. RILEY DIRECTOR COMPENSATION    155 
REPORT OF THE B. RILEY AUDIT COMMITTEE    157 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF

B. RILEY    158 
Beneficial Owners of More Than Five Percent    158 
Beneficial Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers    159 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS OF FBR    161 
Beneficial Owners of More Than Five Percent    161 
Beneficial Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers    162 

LEGAL OPINIONS    164 
EXPERTS    164 
B. RILEY ANNUAL MEETING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    165 
FBR ANNUAL MEETING SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    166 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    167 
 
Appendix A

  
Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 15, 2017, and effective as of
February 17, 2017, by and among FBR & Co., B. Riley Financial, Inc. and BRC Merger Sub, LLC.

Appendix B
  

Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2017, by and between B. Riley Financial, Inc., and certain
shareholders of FBR & Co.

Appendix C
  

Form of Voting Agreement, dated as of February 17, 2017, by and between FBR & Co. and certain stockholders of
B. Riley Financial, Inc.

Appendix D   Opinion of Berkshire Capital Securities LLC.
 

-iv-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 13/95

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following questions and answers are intended to briefly address some commonly asked questions about the merger and the
respective shareholder meetings. They may not address all questions or include all the information that is important to the
shareholders of B. Riley or FBR. Shareholders of B. Riley and FBR should each carefully read this entire joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the appendices and other documents referred to in or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What is the merger?
 

A: B. Riley, FBR and BRC Merger Sub, LLC, which we refer to as merger sub, have entered into an agreement and plan of merger,
which, as amended, modified or otherwise supplemented, we refer to as the merger agreement, pursuant to which, subject to the
terms and conditions of the merger agreement, FBR will merge with and into merger sub, with merger sub continuing as the
surviving company, which we refer to as the merger. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Appendix A to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. In order to complete the merger, B. Riley needs the approval of its stockholders as to the issuance of
B. Riley common shares in the merger and FBR needs the approval of its shareholders of the merger agreement.

 
Q: Why am I receiving these materials?
 

A: Each of B. Riley and FBR is sending these materials to its shareholders to help them decide how to vote their shares of B. Riley
and FBR with respect to the proposed merger and other matters to be considered at the respective meetings, described below.

The merger cannot be completed unless the holders of B. Riley common shares, which we refer to as the B. Riley stockholders,
approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in the merger, and the holders of FBR common shares, which we refer to as the
FBR shareholders, approve the merger agreement. FBR is holding a special meeting of shareholders to vote on the proposals
necessary to complete the merger. After the announcement of the merger, B. Riley made the decision to combine the annual
meeting with the meeting necessary to approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in connection with the merger. This is
intended to reduce costs and create efficiencies by having only one meeting, where both the merger and the customary annual
meeting matters will be presented. Accordingly, at the B. Riley annual meeting, in addition to the merger-related proposals
described in this document, the B. Riley stockholders will be asked to, among other items, elect members of the B. Riley board of
directors and ratify the selection of B. Riley’s accountants.

Information about the FBR special meeting, the B. Riley annual meeting and the merger is contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes both a joint proxy statement of B. Riley and FBR and a prospectus of B. Riley.
It is a joint proxy statement because each of the B. Riley board of directors and the FBR board of directors is soliciting proxies
from their respective shareholders. It is a prospectus because B. Riley will issue B. Riley common shares in exchange for FBR
common shares in the merger.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains important information about the merger and the other proposals being voted on at
the B. Riley annual meeting and the FBR special meeting and important information to consider in connection with an investment
in B. Riley common shares. You should read it carefully and in its entirety. The enclosed materials allow you to have your
common shares voted by proxy without attending your meeting. Your vote is important and we encourage you to submit your
proxy as soon as possible.

 
-1-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 14/95

Table of Contents

Q: What will FBR shareholders receive in the merger?
 

A: If the merger is consummated, each FBR common share owned by an FBR shareholder will be converted into and become
exchangeable for 0.671 of a B. Riley common share. For each fractional B. Riley common share that would otherwise be issued,
B. Riley will pay cash in an amount equal to the fraction of a B. Riley common share (rounded to the nearest thousandth when
expressed in decimal form) which the FBR shareholder would otherwise be entitled to receive multiplied by the average of the per
share closing prices of B. Riley common shares on Nasdaq (as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast edition) or, if not
reported thereby, another authoritative source) for 20 full trading days ending on the fifth business day prior to the closing, which
shall take place on the first business day, which we refer to as the closing date, after the satisfaction or waiver of all the closing
conditions (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing, but subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of those conditions), unless otherwise mutually agreed upon in writing by B. Riley and FBR.

In addition, pursuant to the merger agreement, prior to the closing, the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR
to pay a cash dividend, which we refer to as the pre-closing dividend. See “Questions and Answers—What is the Pre-Closing
Dividend?” As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, FBR expects the pre-closing dividend on a per share basis to
be in a range of $7.50 to $8.00.

 
Q: Will the value of the merger consideration change between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the time

the merger is completed?
 
A: Yes. Although the number of B. Riley common shares that FBR shareholders will receive in the merger is fixed, the value of the

merger consideration will fluctuate between the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the completion of the merger
based upon the market value of B. Riley common shares. Any fluctuation in the market price of B. Riley common shares after the
date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus will change the value of the B. Riley common shares that FBR shareholders will
receive.

 
Q: What is the pre-closing dividend?
 

A: Pursuant to the merger agreement, the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR to pay a pre-closing cash
dividend to FBR shareholders, as long as certain conditions are met, including, among others, that after the pre-closing dividend
has been made FBR would have at least $33,500,000 in cash and cash equivalents and certain financial instruments (subject to
certain adjustments), plus any amounts necessary to pay any accrued transaction expenses, which we refer to as the minimum
cash and financial instrument amount. If FBR will have at least the minimum cash and financial instrument amount after giving
effect to the pre-closing dividend, the available funds will be paid as a dividend to FBR shareholders in an amount per share of up
to and including $8.50. In addition, if there are excess available funds, a part of the excess available funds may be paid as part of
the pre-closing dividend. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

In addition, although pursuant to the merger agreement the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR to pay a pre-
closing cash dividend to FBR shareholders as long as certain conditions are met, including, among others, that after the pre-
closing dividend has been made FBR would have at least the minimum cash and financial instrument amount, there is no
assurance that the FBR board of directors will be permitted to pay the pre-closing dividend under the terms of the merger
agreement or applicable law. In addition, there is no assurance that there will be available funds sufficient to provide for a pre-
closing dividend of $8.50 per share or a higher per share amount, if any, and even if a pre-closing dividend is paid it may be
significantly less than $8.50 per share. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

FBR will provide its shareholders with an update regarding the amount of the pre-closing dividend prior to the FBR special
meeting.

 
-2-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 15/95

Table of Contents

Q: What happens to FBR equity awards in the merger?
 

A: FBR Options. At the effective time, each outstanding option to acquire FBR common shares, which we refer to as an FBR option,
will be cancelled and converted into a number of B. Riley common shares having a value equal to the value of an FBR common
share prior to the payment of the pre-closing dividend, which we refer to as the final pre-dividend price, less the applicable
exercise price and subject to rounding. Any option that has an exercise price that is greater than or equal to the final pre-dividend
price will be cancelled for no consideration.

FBR Restricted Stock Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding share of restricted stock of FBR will be converted into (i) a
number of restricted B. Riley common shares equal to the exchange ratio of 0.671 (rounded to the nearest whole number) and
(ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the restricted B. Riley
common shares and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be governed by the
same terms and conditions (including vesting terms with respect to employees) as applied to the applicable share of FBR
restricted stock immediately prior to the effective time. The FBR restricted stock held by FBR’s non-employee directors will vest
as of immediately prior to the effective time and be treated like FBR common shares generally.

FBR RSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding restricted stock unit of FBR, which we refer to as an FBR RSU, whether
vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a restricted stock unit denominated in B. Riley common shares, which we refer to as
a B. Riley stock-based RSU, covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole
number) of the exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject to such FBR RSU immediately prior to
the effective time and (ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the
B. Riley stock-based RSU and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be
governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting conditions with respect to employees) as applied to the applicable
FBR RSU immediately prior to the effective time. The FBR RSUs held by FBR’s non-employee directors will vest as of
immediately prior to the effective time and be settled following the effective time consistent with the terms of the award.

FBR PSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding performance stock unit of FBR, which we refer to as an FBR PSU, whether
vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a B. Riley stock-based RSU covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to
the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject
to the FBR PSU based on the greater of (x) the number of FBR common shares that would be earned based on actual performance
for the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the effective time, as reasonably determined by the compensation
committee of the FBR board of directors and (y) the level of achievement resulting in 50% of the number of FBR common shares
being earned, and (ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the
B. Riley stock-based RSU and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be
governed by the same terms and conditions (excluding performance-based vesting conditions, but including time-based vesting
conditions) as applied to the applicable FBR PSU immediately prior to the effective time.

FBR Investor Options. At the effective time, each outstanding option to acquire FBR common shares granted under the Stock
Option Agreement, dated as of June 5, 2013, by and between FBR and the investor that is a party thereto, which we refer to as the
FBR investor option, whether vested or unvested, will cease to represent an option to purchase FBR common shares and will be
converted into an option, which we refer to as a B. Riley option, to purchase B. Riley common shares, with the number of B.
Riley common shares and exercise price equitably adjusted to reflect the pre-closing dividend and the B. Riley common shares to
be issued in the merger. After the effective time, the FBR investor options will continue to be governed by the same terms and
conditions as applied to the applicable FBR investor option immediately prior to the effective time.

See “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of FBR Equity Awards.”
 

-3-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 16/95

Table of Contents

Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?
 

A: Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing conditions described under the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Conditions to the Merger,” FBR and B. Riley currently expect that the merger will occur in the second quarter of 2017. However,
there can be no assurance as to when or if the merger will occur.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote?
 

A: B. Riley Annual Meeting. B. Riley stockholders of record at the close of business on April 27, 2017, which is the date that the
B. Riley board of directors has fixed as the record date for the B. Riley annual meeting, are entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual
meeting.

FBR Special Meeting. FBR shareholders of record at the close of business on April 27, 2017, which is the date that the FBR board
of directors has fixed as the record date for the FBR special meeting, are entitled to vote at the FBR special meeting.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum?
 

A: B. Riley Annual Meeting. The representation (in person or by proxy) of holders of at least a majority in voting power of all issued
and outstanding B. Riley common shares entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting constitutes a quorum for action at the B.
Riley annual meeting. All B. Riley common shares present in person or represented by proxy, including abstentions, will be
treated as present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for all matters voted on at the B. Riley annual
meeting.

FBR Special Meeting. The representation (in person or by proxy) of holders of at least a majority in voting power of all issued
and outstanding FBR common shares entitled to vote at the FBR special meeting constitutes a quorum for action at the FBR
special meeting. All FBR common shares present in person or represented by proxy, including abstentions, will be treated as
present for purposes of determining the presence or absence of a quorum for all matters voted on at the FBR special meeting.

 
Q: What am I being asked to vote on?
 

A: B. Riley Annual Meeting. B. Riley stockholders are being asked to vote on the following proposals:
 

 
•  Approval of the Issuance of Common Shares. To approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in the merger, which we

refer to as the B. Riley share issuance proposal.
 

 
•  Adjournment of Meeting. To approve one or more adjournments of the B. Riley annual meeting, if necessary or appropriate,

including adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the B. Riley share issuance proposal, which we refer to as the
B. Riley adjournment proposal.

 

 
•  Election of Directors. To elect seven (7) directors to hold office for a one-year term to expire at B. Riley’s 2018 Annual

Meeting of the Stockholders or until their successors are elected and duly qualified, which we refer to as the election of the
B. Riley directors.

 

 
•  Ratification of Accounting Firm. To ratify the selection of Marcum, LLP as B. Riley’s independent registered public

accounting firm for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017, which we refer to as the B. Riley accounting firm ratification
proposal.

FBR Special Meeting. FBR shareholders are being asked to vote on the following proposals:
 

 •  Approval of the Merger Agreement. To approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the FBR merger proposal.
 

 

•  Non-Binding Approval of Certain Compensation. To approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that
may be paid or become payable to FBR’s named executive officers in connection with the merger, and the agreements or
understandings pursuant to which such compensation may be paid or become payable, which we refer to as the merger-
related named executive officer compensation proposal.

 
-4-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 17/95

Table of Contents

 
•  Adjournment of Meeting. To approve one or more adjournments of the FBR special meeting, if necessary or appropriate,

including adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the FBR merger proposal, which we refer to as the FBR
adjournment proposal.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal to be considered at the B. Riley annual meeting?
 

A: The B. Riley Share Issuance Proposal. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares
present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley share issuance proposal at the B. Riley annual
meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve the B. Riley share issuance proposal.

The B. Riley Adjournment Proposal. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares
present in person or represented by proxy at the B. Riley annual meeting and entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting,
whether or not a quorum is present, is required to approve the B. Riley adjournment proposal.

The Election of the B. Riley Directors. The affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast in favor of each director at the B. Riley
annual meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve the election of each such director.

The B. Riley Accounting Firm Ratification Proposal. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley
common shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley accounting firm ratification
proposal at the B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal to be considered at the FBR special meeting?
 

A: The FBR Merger Proposal. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the FBR merger proposal is
required to approve the FBR merger proposal at the FBR special meeting at which a quorum is present.

The Merger-Related Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal. The vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the merger-
related named executive officer compensation proposal is not binding on B. Riley, FBR, the FBR board of directors or the
compensation committee of the FBR board of directors. The vote to approve, on an advisory basis, merger-related named
executive officer compensation will be approved if the votes cast in favor of the proposal exceed the votes cast opposing the
proposal at the FBR special meeting at which a quorum is present.

The FBR Adjournment Proposal. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the FBR common shares represented at the FBR
special meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, is required to approve the FBR adjournment proposal.

 
Q: What will happen if FBR’s shareholders do not approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the merger-related named

executive officer compensation proposal?
 

A: The vote on the merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote to
approve the merger agreement. FBR shareholders may vote for this proposal and against the merger proposal, or vice versa. FBR
shareholders also may abstain from this proposal and vote on the merger proposal, or vice versa. The vote to approve, on an
advisory basis, the merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal is not binding on B. Riley, FBR, the FBR board
of directors or the compensation committee of the FBR board of directors. The merger-related named executive officer
compensation to be paid in connection with the merger is based on contractual arrangements with the named executive officers
and accordingly the outcome of this advisory vote will not affect the obligation to make these payments.

 
-5-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 18/95

Table of Contents

Q: Are there any voting agreements with existing shareholders?
 

A: Yes. In connection with entering into the merger agreement, B. Riley entered into voting agreements, which we refer to as the
B. Riley voting agreements, with the directors and executive officers of FBR, the form of which is attached as Appendix B, in
which they have agreed to vote all FBR common shares that they own and have the power to vote in favor of the FBR merger
proposal and any other matter that is required to be approved by the shareholders of FBR to facilitate the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. As of the close of business on the record date, these shareholders beneficially owned, in
the aggregate, 1,191,902 FBR common shares, allowing them to exercise approximately 14.8% of the voting power of FBR
common shares. Also in connection with entering into the merger agreement, FBR entered into voting agreements, which we refer
to as the FBR voting agreements, with the directors and executive officers of B. Riley, the form of which is attached as Appendix
C, in which they have agreed to vote all B. Riley common shares that they own and have the power to vote in favor of the
B. Riley share issuance proposal and any other matter that is required to be approved by the stockholders of B. Riley to facilitate
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. As of the close of business on the record date, these stockholders
beneficially owned, in the aggregate, 5,432,500 B. Riley common shares, allowing them to exercise approximately 27.9% of the
voting power of B. Riley common shares.

 
Q: How does the B. Riley board of directors recommend that I vote?
 

A: The B. Riley board of directors recommends that B. Riley stockholders vote “FOR” the proposals described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

 
Q: How does the FBR board of directors recommend that I vote?
 

A: The FBR board of directors recommends that FBR shareholders vote “FOR” the proposals described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What do I need to do now?
 

A: After carefully reading and considering the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please vote by
telephone or on the Internet, or complete, sign and date the enclosed proxy card and return it in the enclosed envelope as soon as
possible so that your shares will be represented at the B. Riley annual meeting or FBR special meeting, as applicable.

Please follow the instructions set forth on the proxy card or on the voting instruction form provided by the record holder if your
shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee.

 
Q: What do I do if I receive more than one joint proxy statement/prospectus or set of voting instructions?
 

A: If you hold shares of B. Riley and/or FBR directly as a record holder and also in “street name,” or otherwise through a nominee,
you may receive more than one joint proxy statement/prospectus and/or set of voting instructions relating to the B. Riley annual
meeting and/or the FBR special meeting. These should each be voted or returned separately to ensure that all of your shares are
voted.

 
Q: How do I vote?
 

A: If you are a stockholder of record of B. Riley as of the record date for the B. Riley annual meeting or a shareholder of record of
FBR as of the FBR record date for the FBR special meeting, you may vote by:

 

 •  accessing the Internet website specified on your proxy card;
 

 •  calling the toll-free number specified on your proxy card; or
 

 •  signing the enclosed proxy card and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided.
 

-6-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 19/95

Table of Contents

You may also cast your vote in person at your respective company’s meeting. Requests for directions to the B. Riley annual
meeting should be directed to B. Riley’s Corporate Secretary at 21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California
91367, Telephone No. (818) 884-3737. Requests for directions to the FBR special meeting should be directed to FBR’s Corporate
Secretary at c/o FBR & Co., 1300 North Seventeenth Street, Suite 1400, Arlington, Virginia 22209.

If your shares are held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, that institution will send you separate
instructions describing the procedure for voting your shares. Holders in “street name” who wish to vote in person at the applicable
meeting will need to obtain a proxy form from the institution that holds their shares.

 
Q: When and where is the B. Riley annual meeting and the FBR special meeting?
 

A: The B. Riley annual meeting will be held at the offices of B. Riley’s subsidiary, B. Riley & Co., LLC, located at 11100 Santa
Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on June 1, 2017. All stockholders of B. Riley
as of the B. Riley record date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the B. Riley annual meeting.

The FBR special meeting will be held at 1300 North Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209, at 9:00 a.m.,
Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017. All shareholders of FBR as of the FBR record date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend
the FBR special meeting.

 
Q: If my shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee, will my broker or nominee vote my shares for

me?
 

A: If your shares are held in “street name” in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you must provide the record
holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by your bank or
broker. Please note that you may not vote shares held in street name by returning a proxy card directly to B. Riley or FBR or by
voting in person at your meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain from your broker, bank or other
nominee.

Brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares in street name for a beneficial owner typically have the authority to vote in
their discretion on “routine” proposals, such as, with respect to the B. Riley annual meeting, the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal, when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers, banks or other
nominees are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion on matters that are determined to be “non-routine” matters, such as
(i) with respect to the FBR special meeting, the approval of the FBR merger proposal, the FBR merger-related named executive
officer compensation proposal and the FBR adjournment proposal, and (ii) with respect to the B. Riley annual meeting, the
approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal, the B. Riley adjournment proposal and the election of the B. Riley directors.
Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee that are represented at the applicable shareholders meeting
but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is not instructed by the beneficial owner of such shares to vote on the
particular proposal and the broker, bank or other nominee does not have discretionary voting power on such proposal.

FBR does not expect to bring any matters before the FBR special meeting other than the proposals set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Assuming no additional matters are brought before the FBR special meeting on which brokers have
discretionary voting authority, if you are an FBR shareholder, and you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how
to vote your shares, your broker, bank or other nominee may not vote your shares on the FBR merger proposal, the FBR merger-
related named executive officer compensation proposal or the FBR adjournment proposal, which broker non-votes will, with
respect to the FBR merger proposal, have the effect of a vote against such proposal, and will, with respect to the FBR merger-
related named executive officer compensation proposal and the FBR adjournment proposal, have no effect on the vote on such
proposals.

B. Riley does not expect to bring any matters before the B. Riley annual meeting other than the proposals set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. If you are a B. Riley stockholder, and you do not instruct your

 
-7-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 20/95

Table of Contents

broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares, your broker, bank or other nominee may not vote your shares on the
B. Riley share issuance proposal, the B. Riley adjournment proposal or the election of the B. Riley directors, which broker non-
votes will have no effect on the vote on these proposals. Broker non-votes will not result from the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal.

 
Q: What if I abstain from voting or do not vote?
 

A: For the purposes of the B. Riley annual meeting and the FBR special meeting, an abstention occurs when a shareholder of record
attends the applicable meeting, either in person or by proxy, but abstains from voting.

If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from
voting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the FBR merger proposal. If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to vote
or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from voting, it will have no effect on the FBR merger-related
named executive officer compensation proposal, assuming a quorum is present. If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to
vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, it will have no effect on the FBR adjournment proposal; however, if you
vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a vote against the FBR adjournment proposal.

If you are a B. Riley stockholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, it will have no effect on
the B. Riley share issuance proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a vote against the B. Riley
share issuance proposal, assuming a quorum is present. If you are a B. Riley stockholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct
your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from voting, it will have no effect on the election of the B. Riley directors,
assuming a quorum is present. If you are a B. Riley stockholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to
vote, it will have no effect on the B. Riley adjournment proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a
vote against the B. Riley adjournment proposal. If you are a B. Riley stockholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your
broker or nominee to vote, your broker or nominee is entitled to vote your shares in respect of the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a vote against the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal.

 
Q: May I change my vote or revoke my proxy after I have delivered my proxy or voting instruction card?
 

A: Yes. You may change your vote at any time before your proxy is voted at the applicable meeting. You may do this in one of four
ways:

 

 •  by sending a notice of revocation to the corporate secretary of B. Riley or FBR, as applicable;
 

 •  by sending a completed proxy card bearing a later date than your original proxy card;
 

 
•  by logging onto the website specified on your proxy card in the same manner you would to submit your proxy electronically

or by calling the telephone number specified on your proxy card, in each case if you are eligible to do so, and following the
instructions on the proxy card; or

 

 
•  by attending the applicable meeting and voting in person if your shares are registered in your name rather than in the name

of a broker, bank or other nominee; however, your attendance alone will not revoke any proxy.

If you choose any of the first three methods, you must take the described action (and, in the case of the second method, your
proxy card must be received) no later than the beginning of the applicable meeting.

If your shares are held in an account at a broker, bank or other nominee, you should contact your broker, bank or other nominee to
change your vote.

 
Q: Do I need identification to attend the B. Riley annual meeting or the FBR special meeting in person?
 

A: Yes. Please bring proper identification, together with proof that you are a record owner of B. Riley or FBR common shares, as the
case may be. B. Riley and FBR reserve the right to refuse admittance to anyone

 
-8-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 21/95

Table of Contents

 
without proper proof of share ownership or without proper photo identification. If your shares are held in street name, please bring
acceptable proof of ownership, such as a letter from your broker or an account statement showing that you beneficially owned
common shares of B. Riley or FBR, as applicable, on the record date.

 
Q: Will FBR be required to submit the proposal to adopt the merger agreement to its shareholders even if FBR’s board of

directors has withdrawn, modified, or qualified its recommendation?
 

A: Yes. Unless the merger agreement is terminated before the FBR special meeting, FBR is required to submit the FBR merger
proposal to its shareholders even if FBR’s board of directors has withdrawn or modified its recommendation.

 
Q: Do I have appraisal rights?
 

A: Under Virginia law, FBR shareholders are not entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with the merger. See “The Merger
—Appraisal Rights.”

 
Q: What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger and the pre-closing dividend to FBR shareholders?
 

A: The merger is intended to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of
1986, as amended, which we refer to as the Code, and it is a condition to the respective obligations of B. Riley and FBR to
complete the merger that each of B. Riley and FBR receives a legal opinion to that effect. Accordingly, FBR shareholders are not
expected to recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the exchange of FBR common shares for B. Riley
common shares in the merger, except with respect to any cash received instead of fractional B. Riley common shares.

Although the tax treatment of the pre-closing dividend is not entirely clear, we intend to report the pre-closing dividend as a
distribution with respect to FBR common shares. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, such distribution may be a dividend
subject to withholding, return of basis and/or gain from the disposition of FBR common shares, depending in part on the current
earnings and profits of FBR as calculated under U.S. federal income tax principles. FBR cannot predict whether it will have
current or accumulated earnings and profits for its current taxable year (which will end in connection with the merger). It is
possible that FBR will have current earnings and profits for its current taxable year. If there are current or accumulated earnings
and profits, the pre-closing dividend will generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of such amount. Dividends received by
individual FBR shareholders generally should qualify for reduced tax rates so long as certain holding period requirements are
met. Dividends received by corporate FBR shareholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction if the holder is an
otherwise qualifying corporate holder that meets the holding period and certain other requirements for the dividends received
deduction. FBR will not be able to make this determination until after the merger. Once the determination is made, B. Riley will
post this determination regarding FBR’s earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes on its website or otherwise
inform its stockholders of its determination.

For further information, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” and in particular the section
entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

The U.S. federal income tax consequences described above may not apply to all FBR shareholders. Your tax consequences will
depend on your individual situation. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult your independent tax advisor for a full
understanding of the particular tax consequences of the merger to you.

 
-9-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 22/95

Table of Contents

Q: What happens if I sell my FBR common shares after the record date but before the special meeting?
 

A: The record date for the FBR special meeting is earlier than the date of the special meeting and the date that the merger is expected
to be completed. If you transfer your FBR common shares after the record date but before the date of the special meeting, you will
retain your right to vote at such meeting (provided that such shares remain outstanding on the date of such meeting), but you will
not have the right to receive any merger consideration for the transferred FBR common shares. You will only be entitled to
receive the merger consideration in respect of FBR common shares that you hold at the effective time.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my FBR common shares before the date of distribution of the pre-closing dividend?
 

A: If you sell your FBR common shares before the record date for the pre-closing dividend, you will not be entitled to receive the
pre-closing dividend. If you hold FBR common shares on the record date for the pre-closing dividend and decide to sell them on
or before the date of the distribution of the pre-closing dividend, you may choose to sell your FBR common shares with or
without your entitlement to the pre-closing dividend. You should discuss these options with your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the merger is not completed, FBR shareholders will not receive the merger consideration. Instead, FBR will remain an
independent public company and its common shares will continue to be listed and traded on the Nasdaq.

 
Q: Should I send in my stock certificates now?
 

A: No. FBR shareholders SHOULD NOT send in any stock certificates now. If the merger is approved, transmittal materials with
instructions will be provided to FBR shareholders under separate cover and the stock certificates should be sent at that time in
accordance with such instructions.

 
Q: What should I do if I hold my FBR common shares in book-entry form?
 

A: You are not required to take any special additional actions if your FBR common shares are held in book-entry form. After the
completion of the merger, FBR common shares held in book-entry form will be exchanged for book-entry B. Riley common
shares, plus any cash consideration in lieu of fractional shares.

 
Q: Whom should I contact if I have any questions about the proxy materials or the meetings?
 

A: If you are a B. Riley stockholder and have any questions about the merger or any of the proposals to be considered at the B. Riley
annual meeting, need assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card, you should contact B. Riley’s Corporate Secretary at 21255 Burbank Boulevard,
Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California 91367, Telephone No. (818) 884-3737.

If you are an FBR shareholder and have any questions about the merger or any of the proposals to be considered at the FBR
special meeting, need assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares or need additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card, please contact FBR’s proxy solicitor D.F. King & Co., Inc. at (212) 269-5550 or
toll-free at (866) 620-0678.

 
-10-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 23/95

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

The following summary highlights selected information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all
of the information that may be important to you. You should read this entire document and its appendices and the other documents
referenced before you decide how to vote with respect to the proposals. In addition, the parties incorporate by reference important
business and financial information about FBR and B. Riley into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a description of this
information, please see the section entitled “Incorporation of Certain Documents by Reference.” You may obtain the information
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled
“Where You Can Find More Information” in the forepart of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Each item in this summary includes a
page reference directing you to a more complete description of that item.

The Parties (page 52)

FBR

1300 North Seventeenth Street
Arlington, Virginia 22209
(703) 312-9500

FBR, a Virginia corporation, is a full-service investment banking and institutional brokerage firm with a deep expertise and focus
on the equity capital markets. Since the founding of certain predecessor companies, FBR has grown from a boutique investment bank
with primary expertise in financial institutions into a full-service U.S. investment bank for middle-market companies.

Through FBR Capital Markets & Co. or MLV & Co. LLC, which we refer to as the FBR broker-dealer subsidiaries, FBR has
focused its business on providing capital raising services, financial advisory services, institutional sales and trading services and
differentiated securities research.

FBR common shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “FBRC.” Additional information about FBR and its subsidiaries is
included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see the sections entitled “Documents
Incorporated by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information.”

B. Riley

21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400
Woodland Hills, California 91367
(818) 884-3737

B. Riley, a Delaware corporation, and its subsidiaries provide collaborative financial services and solutions through a number of
its subsidiaries and, following the acquisition of United Online, Inc. on July 1, 2016, B. Riley provides consumer services and products
over the Internet. B. Riley & Co., LLC is a leading investment bank which provides corporate finance, research, and sales and trading
to corporate, institutional and high net worth individual clients. Great American Group, LLC is a leading provider of advisory and
valuation services, and asset disposition and auction solutions to a wide range of retail, wholesale and industrial clients, as well as
lenders, capital providers, private equity investors and professional service firms. B. Riley Capital Management, LLC is an SEC
registered investment advisor, which includes B. Riley Asset Management, a provider of investment products to institutional and high
net worth investors, and B. Riley Wealth Management (formerly MK Capital Advisors), a multi-family office practice and wealth
management firm focused on the needs of ultra-high net worth individuals and families; and Great American Capital Partners, LLC, a
provider of senior secured loans and second lien secured loan facilities to middle market public and private U.S. companies. United
Online Inc. provides Internet access services and devices under the NetZero and Juno brands primarily in the United States.
 

-11-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 24/95

Table of Contents

B. Riley common shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “RILY.” Additional information about B. Riley and its
subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see the sections entitled
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information.”

BRC Merger Sub, LLC

Merger sub, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of B. Riley & Co., LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of B. Riley, was formed solely for the purpose of facilitating the merger. Merger sub has not carried on any activities or
operations to date, except for those activities incidental to its formation and undertaken in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. By operation of the merger, FBR will be merged with and into merger sub, with merger sub
surviving the merger.

The Merger and the Merger Agreement (page 54 and page 86)

The terms and conditions of the merger are contained in the merger agreement which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Appendix A. The parties encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully as it is the legal document that
governs the merger.

The merger agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, at the effective time,
FBR will merge with and into merger sub, with merger sub continuing as the surviving company. As a result of the merger, there will
no longer be any publicly held FBR common shares.

Merger Consideration (page 88)

In the merger, each FBR common share owned by an FBR shareholder will be converted into and become exchangeable for 0.671
of a B. Riley common share. For each fractional share that would otherwise be issued, B. Riley will pay cash in an amount equal to the
fraction of a B. Riley common share (rounded to the nearest thousandth when expressed in decimal form) which the holder would
otherwise be entitled to receive multiplied by the average of the per share closing prices of B. Riley common shares on Nasdaq (as
reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast edition) or, if not reported thereby, another authoritative source) for 20 full trading days
ending on the fifth business day prior to the closing date. See “The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration.”

The share price of B. Riley common shares will fluctuate, and the value that FBR shareholders will receive upon consummation
of the merger may be different than the value that they would receive if calculated on the date B. Riley and FBR publicly announced
the signing of the merger agreement, on the date that this joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to FBR shareholders and
B. Riley stockholders, and on the date of the FBR special meeting. Based on the closing price of B. Riley common shares on
February 17, 2017, the last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the value of the per
share merger consideration payable to FBR shareholders was $11.78. Based on the closing price of B. Riley common shares on
April 27, 2017, the last practicable date before the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the value of the per share merger
consideration payable to FBR shareholders was $10.07.

Pre-Closing Dividend (page 104)

Pursuant to the merger agreement, the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR to pay a pre-closing cash
dividend to FBR shareholders, as long as certain conditions are met, including, among others, that after the pre-closing dividend has
been made FBR will have at least the minimum cash and financial instrument amount. If FBR will have at least the minimum cash and
financial instrument amount after giving effect to the pre-closing dividend, the available funds will be paid as a dividend to FBR
shareholders in an amount per share of up to and including $8.50. In addition, if there are excess available funds, a portion of the
 

-12-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 25/95

Table of Contents

excess available funds may be paid as part of the pre-closing dividend. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

FBR will provide its shareholders with an update regarding the amount of the pre-closing dividend prior to the FBR special
meeting. As of the date hereof, FBR expects the pre-closing dividend on a per share basis to be in a range of $7.50 to $8.00.

Treatment of FBR Equity Awards (page 88)

FBR Options. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR option, will be cancelled and converted into a number of B. Riley
common shares having a value equal to the final pre-dividend price, less the applicable exercise price and subject to rounding. Any
option that has an exercise price that is greater than or equal to the final pre-dividend price will be cancelled for no consideration.

FBR Restricted Stock Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding share of restricted stock of FBR will be converted into (i) a
number of restricted B. Riley common shares equal to the exchange ratio of 0.671 (rounded to the nearest whole number) and (ii) the
right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the restricted B. Riley common shares
and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be governed by the same terms and
conditions (including vesting terms with respect to employees) as applied to the applicable share of FBR restricted stock immediately
prior to the effective time. The FBR restricted stock awards held by FBR’s non-employee directors will vest as of immediately prior to
the effective time and be treated like FBR common shares generally.

FBR RSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR RSU, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a B. Riley
stock-based RSU, covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the
exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject to such FBR RSU immediately prior to the effective time and
(ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the B. Riley stock-based RSU
and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be governed by the same terms and
conditions (including vesting conditions with respect to employees) as applied to the applicable FBR RSU immediately prior to the
effective time. The FBR RSUs held by FBR’s non-employee directors will vest as of immediately prior to the effective time and be
settled following the effective time consistent with the terms of the award.

FBR PSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR PSU, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a B. Riley
stock-based RSU covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the
exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject to the FBR PSU based on the greater of (x) the number of FBR
common shares that would be earned based on actual performance for the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the effective
time, as reasonably determined by the compensation committee of the FBR board of directors and (y) the level of achievement
resulting in 50% of the number of FBR common shares being earned, and (ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-
closing dividend. After the effective time, the B. Riley stock-based RSU and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-
closing dividend will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (excluding performance-based vesting conditions, but
including time-based vesting conditions) as applied to the applicable FBR PSU immediately prior to the effective time.

FBR Investor Options. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR investor option, whether vested or unvested, will cease to
represent an option to purchase FBR common shares and will be converted into a B. Riley option, with the number of B. Riley
common shares and exercise price equitably adjusted to reflect the pre-closing dividend and the B. Riley common shares to be issued
in the merger. After the effective time, the B. Riley investor options will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions as
applied to the applicable FBR investor option immediately prior to the effective time.

See “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of FBR Equity Awards.”
 

-13-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 26/95

Table of Contents

Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger (page 59)

FBR’s board of directors unanimously recommends that FBR shareholders vote “FOR” the FBR merger proposal, “FOR” the
merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal and “FOR” the FBR adjournment proposal.

The FBR board of directors considered the business, operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings and prospects of each
of FBR and B. Riley and certain anticipated effects of the merger on the surviving company. The FBR board of directors considered a
number of factors, which are described in greater detail in the section entitled “The Merger—Background of the Merger” and “The
Merger—Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger.”

Opinion of FBR’s Financial Advisor (page 63)

At the February 17, 2017 meeting at which the FBR board of directors considered and approved the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of February 17, 2017, between FBR and B. Riley, which we refer to as the original merger agreement, Berkshire
Capital Securities, LLC, which we refer to as Berkshire Capital, delivered to the FBR board of directors its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of such date, subject to the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and
qualifications and limitations described in Berkshire Capital’s opinion, the combined merger consideration and pre-closing dividend,
which we refer to as the transaction consideration, was fair, from a financial point of view, to the FBR shareholders. The full text of
Berkshire Capital’s opinion is attached as Appendix D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion outlines the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of review
undertaken by Berkshire Capital in rendering its opinion. FBR shareholders are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in
connection with their consideration of the proposed merger. For further information, see “The Merger—Opinion of FBR’s
Financial Advisor.”

Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger (page 75)

B. Riley’s board of directors unanimously recommends that B. Riley stockholders vote “FOR” the B. Riley share issuance
proposal, “FOR” the B. Riley adjournment proposal, “FOR” the election of the B. Riley directors and “FOR” the B. Riley accounting
firm ratification proposal.

In connection with the consideration of the merger transaction with FBR, the B. Riley board of directors considered the business,
operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings and prospects of each of FBR and B. Riley and certain anticipated effects of the
merger on the surviving company. The B. Riley board of directors considered a number of factors, which are described in greater detail
in the section entitled “The Merger—Background of the Merger” and “The Merger—Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger.”

B. Riley Annual Meeting (page 46)

The annual meeting of stockholders of B. Riley will be held at the offices of B. Riley’s subsidiary, B. Riley & Co., LLC, located
at 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025, at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time, on June 1, 2017. At the B. Riley
annual meeting, stockholders of B. Riley will be asked to consider and vote upon:
 
 •  a proposal to approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in the merger;
 
 

•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the B. Riley annual meeting, if necessary or appropriate,
including adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the B. Riley share issuance proposal;

 
-14-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 27/95

Table of Contents

 
•  the election of seven (7) directors to hold office for a one-year term to expire at B. Riley’s 2018 Annual Meeting of

the Stockholders or until their successors are elected and duly qualified;
 
 

•  a proposal to ratify the selection of Marcum, LLP as B. Riley’s independent registered public accounting firm for the
fiscal year ending December 31, 2017; and

 
 

•  such other business as may properly come before the B. Riley annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof.

The B. Riley board of directors has fixed April 27, 2017 as the record date for determining the holders of B. Riley common shares
entitled to notice of and to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting, and only B. Riley stockholders of record on the record date are entitled
to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting. At the close of business on April 27, 2017, there were 19,465,492 B. Riley common shares
issued and outstanding, held by approximately 110 holders of record. B. Riley stockholders of record on the record date are entitled to
one vote per share on all matters properly before the B. Riley annual meeting.

Each of the directors and executive officers of B. Riley has agreed to vote all shares held or controlled by him or her in favor of
approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal. As of the record date for the B. Riley annual meeting, a total of 5,432,500 outstanding
shares, or 27.9% of the outstanding B. Riley common shares, are covered by the B. Riley voting agreements. See “Voting
Agreements.”

The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares present in person or represented by
proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley share issuance proposal at the B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present is
required to approve the B. Riley share issuance proposal. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley
common shares present in person or represented by proxy at the B. Riley annual meeting and entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual
meeting, whether or not a quorum is present is required to approve the B. Riley adjournment proposal. The affirmative vote of a
plurality of the votes cast in favor of each director at the B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve
the election of each such director. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares present in
person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley accounting firm ratification proposal at the B. Riley annual meeting
at which a quorum is present is required to approve the B.  Riley accounting firm ratification proposal.

FBR Special Meeting (page 39)

The special meeting of shareholders of FBR will be held at 1300 North Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209,
at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017. At the FBR special meeting, shareholders of FBR will be asked to consider and vote upon:
 

 
•  a proposal to approve the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this joint proxy

statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to

FBR’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section
entitled “The Merger—Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger;” and

 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the FBR special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including

adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the FBR merger proposal.

The FBR board of directors has fixed April 27, 2017 as the record date for determining the FBR shareholders entitled to notice of
and to vote at the FBR special meeting, and only FBR shareholders of record on the record date are entitled to vote at the FBR special
meeting. At the close of business on April 27, 2017, there were 7,099,114 FBR common shares issued and outstanding, held by
approximately 13 holders of record. FBR shareholders of record on the record date are entitled to one vote per share on all matters
properly before the FBR special meeting.
 

-15-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 28/95

Table of Contents

Each of the directors and executive officers of FBR has agreed to vote all shares held or controlled by him or her in favor of
approval of the FBR merger proposal. As of the record date for the FBR special meeting, a total of 1,191,902 outstanding shares, or
16.4% of the outstanding FBR common shares, are covered by the FBR voting agreements. See “Voting Agreements.”

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes entitled to be cast on the FBR merger proposal is required to approve the FBR
merger proposal at the FBR special meeting at which a quorum is present. The vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the merger-
related named executive officer compensation proposal is not binding on B. Riley, FBR, the FBR board of directors or FBR’s
Compensation Committee. However, the FBR board of directors and FBR’s Compensation Committee will review the voting results
and take the results into consideration. The vote to approve, on an advisory basis, merger-related named executive officer
compensation will be approved if the votes cast in favor of the proposal exceed the votes cast opposing the proposal at the FBR special
meeting at which a quorum is present. The affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the FBR common shares represented at the FBR
special meeting, whether or not a quorum is present is required to approve the FBR adjournment proposal.

Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 77)

In considering the recommendations of the FBR board of directors, FBR shareholders should be aware that directors and
executive officers of FBR have interests in the merger that may differ from, or may be in addition to, the interests of FBR shareholders
generally. The FBR board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, when it approved the
merger agreement and in making its recommendations that the FBR shareholders approve the FBR merger proposal. These interests
include:
 

 

•  Richard J. Hendrix, who is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FBR, has entered into an employment agreement
with B. Riley’s investment banking and brokerage business, B. Riley & Co., LLC and B. Riley (solely with respect to certain
obligations thereunder), which we refer to as the new Hendrix employment agreement, which becomes effective upon the
completion of the merger and which will replace the existing employment agreement between Mr. Hendrix and FBR,
pursuant to which Mr. Hendrix (i) will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the entity that will house the
investment banking and brokerage businesses of FBR and B. Riley & Co., LLC, which we refer to as the combined
brokerage business, and (ii) will become a member of the B. Riley board of directors;

 

 
•  Executive officers of FBR other than Mr. Hendrix will be eligible to receive severance benefits under a severance policy

maintained by FBR upon an involuntary termination;
 

 
•  FBR’s directors and executive officers have FBR options, FBR restricted stock, FBR RSUs, and FBR PSUs that, under the

merger agreement, will be converted into either (i) B. Riley common shares or (ii) corresponding awards with respect to B.
Riley common shares and the right to receive cash payment in connection with the pre-closing dividend;

 

 
•  Certain of FBR’s executive officers have been granted an award consisting of an interest in a specified pool of securities that

will be subject to accelerated vesting upon certain qualifying terminations of employment following the merger; and
 

 •  FBR directors and officers are entitled to continued indemnification and insurance coverage under the merger agreement.

For a more complete description of the interests of FBR’s directors and executive officers in the merger, see “The Merger—
Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.”
 

-16-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 29/95

Table of Contents

Regulatory Matters (page 82)

Completion of the merger is conditioned on (i) the expiration of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino
Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, which we refer to as the HSR Act and (ii) subject to certain exceptions, the receipt
of approval of each FBR broker-dealer subsidiary’s Continuing Membership Application by the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, which we refer to as FINRA. The parties have filed notices and applications to obtain the necessary regulatory approval
from FINRA and in connection with the HSR Act. The parties received notice of the early termination of the applicable waiting period
under the HSR Act on March 22, 2017, and FBR received approval of each broker-dealer subsidiary’s Continuing Membership
Application on April 10, 2017. The regulatory approvals to which completion of the merger is subject are described in more detail
under the section entitled “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger.”

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (page 105)

The respective obligations of each of B. Riley, merger sub and FBR to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver at
or prior to closing of the following conditions:
 

 •  receipt of FBR shareholder approval of the merger agreement, which we refer to as the requisite FBR shareholder approval;
 

 
•  receipt of B. Riley stockholder approval for the issuance of B. Riley common shares in accordance with the merger

agreement, which we refer to as the requisite B. Riley stockholder approval;
 

 

•  the waiting period applicable to the consummation of the merger under the HSR Act having expired or been earlier
terminated and FINRA having delivered to the FBR broker-dealer subsidiaries written approval of each broker-dealer
subsidiary’s Continuing Membership Application pursuant to FINRA’s NASD Rule 1017 in connection with the merger,
subject to certain exceptions as described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger;”

 

 
•  no court or other governmental entity of competent jurisdiction having enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered

any law (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) that is in effect and restrains, enjoins or otherwise prohibits
consummation of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; and

 

 

•  the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part having become effective under the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which we refer to as the Securities Act, no stop order suspending the effectiveness of
the registration statement having been issued and in effect, and no proceedings for that purpose having been commenced or
threatened by the SEC unless subsequently withdrawn.

The obligations of B. Riley and merger sub to effect the merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by B. Riley at or
prior to the closing of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of FBR in the manner described in the merger agreement, which are more

fully described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger;”
 

 
•  FBR having performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by FBR under the merger agreement

at or prior to the closing date;
 

 

•  FINRA having delivered to the FBR broker-dealer subsidiaries written approval of each FBR broker-dealer subsidiary’s
Continuing Membership Application pursuant to FINRA’s NASD Rule 1017 in connection with the merger without the
imposition of a burdensome condition (as defined in “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger”),
subject to certain exceptions;

 

 •  FBR having the minimum cash and financial instrument amount at the time of closing; and
 

 •  receipt by B. Riley of an opinion of Sullivan & Cromwell LLP as to certain tax matters.
 

-17-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 30/95

Table of Contents

The obligation of FBR to effect the merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver by FBR at or prior to the closing, of the
following conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of B. Riley and merger sub in the manner described in the merger

agreement, which are more fully described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger;”
 

 
•  B. Riley and merger sub having performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by B. Riley and

merger sub under the merger agreement at or prior to the closing date; and
 

 •  receipt by FBR of an opinion of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen  & Katz as to certain tax matters.

No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals (page 98)

The merger agreement provides that FBR will not and none of its subsidiaries nor any of the directors, officers and employees of
FBR or its subsidiaries will, and FBR will use its reasonable best efforts to instruct and cause its and its subsidiaries’ representatives
not to, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  initiate, solicit, propose, knowingly encourage or knowingly facilitate any inquiry or the making of any proposal or offer that

constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an acquisition proposal (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals”), other than discussions solely to clarify such proposal or offer;

 

 
•  engage in, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions with or negotiations relating to any acquisition proposal or

any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal (other than to state that
the terms of the merger agreement prohibit such discussions);

 

 
•  provide any information to any person in connection with any acquisition proposal or any proposal or offer that would

reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal; or
 

 •  otherwise knowingly facilitate any effort or attempt to make an acquisition proposal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the requisite FBR shareholder approval, but not after, in response to
an unsolicited, bona fide written acquisition proposal and if prior to taking such action the FBR board of directors determines in good
faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that (A) based on the information then available and after consultation with its
independent financial advisor that such acquisition proposal either constitutes a superior proposal (as defined in “The Merger
Agreement—No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals”) or would reasonably be expected to result in a superior
proposal and (B) such action is reasonably necessary in order for the directors of FBR to comply with their fiduciary duties under
applicable law, FBR may:
 

 

•  provide information in response to a request therefor to the person who made such acquisition proposal, provided that
such information has previously been made available to, or is concurrently made available to, B. Riley and subject to
entering into a confidentiality agreement with such person on the terms and conditions described in “The Merger
Agreement—No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals;” or

 

 •  participate in any discussions or negotiations with such person regarding such acquisition proposal.
 

-18-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 31/95

Table of Contents

No Change in Recommendation or Alternative Acquisition Agreement (page 100)

Subject to the exceptions described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Change in Recommendation or
Alternative Acquisition Agreement,” the FBR board of directors and each committee of the FBR board of directors may not:
 

 
•  withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify (or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify), in

each case in a manner adverse to B. Riley, the FBR board of director’s recommendation that FBR shareholders vote to
approve the merger agreement, which recommendation we refer to as the FBR board recommendation;

 

 

•  approve or recommend, or publicly declare advisable or publicly propose to enter into, any letter of intent,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement,
joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement, other than the confidentiality agreement referred
to above, providing for any acquisition proposal, which we refer to as an alternative acquisition agreement and which,
combined with the preceding bullet, we refer to as a change of recommendation; or

 

 •  cause or permit FBR to enter into any such alternative acquisition agreement.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the requisite FBR shareholder approval, but not after, the FBR
board of directors may effect a change of recommendation in connection with an acquisition proposal made after the date of the merger
agreement that did not arise from or in connection with a material breach, if:
 

 •  an unsolicited, bona fide written offer is made to FBR and is not withdrawn;
 

 
•  the FBR board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside counsel and its independent

financial advisor, that:
 

 •  such offer constitutes a superior proposal; and
 

 
•  such action is reasonably necessary in order for the directors to comply with their fiduciary duties under

applicable law;
 

 •  FBR has given B. Riley prior written notice at least four business days before taking such action;
 

 

•  after giving such notice and prior to effecting a change of recommendation FBR negotiates in good faith with
B. Riley (to the extent B. Riley wishes to negotiate) to make such revisions to the terms of the merger agreement as
would permit the FBR board of directors not to effect a change of recommendation in connection with a superior
proposal; and

 

 

•  at the end of such four-business day period, prior to taking action to effect a change of recommendation in response to
a superior proposal, FBR has taken into account any change to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by
B. Riley in writing and any other information offered by B. Riley in response to the notice, and has determined in
good faith that the superior proposal would continue to constitute a superior proposal if such changes offered in
writing were to be given effect.

For clarity, any modification to any acquisition proposal is deemed a new acquisition proposal and will require FBR to again
comply with the above requirements, except that the four-business day notice period described above is reduced to three business days
with respect to such revised acquisition proposal.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (page 108)

The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the effective time:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of B. Riley and FBR;
 

-19-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 32/95

Table of Contents

 •  by either B. Riley or FBR if:
 

 •  the merger has not been consummated by the outside date, which we refer to as an outside date termination;
 

 
•  the requisite FBR shareholder approval has not been obtained at the FBR special meeting or at any adjournment,

recess or postponement thereof in accordance with the merger agreement at which a vote on the approval of the
FBR merger proposal was taken, which we refer to as a no-vote termination;

 

 
•  the requisite B. Riley stockholder approval has not been obtained at the B. Riley annual meeting or at any

adjournment, recess or postponement thereof in accordance with the merger agreement at which a vote on the
B. Riley share issuance proposal was taken;

 

 
•  if any order permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger

becomes final and nonappealable;
 

 

•  there has been a breach by FBR, in the case of a termination by B. Riley, or by B. Riley or merger sub, in the
case of a termination by FBR, of any of their respective representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set
forth in the merger agreement, or if any representation or warranty of FBR, in the case of a termination by
B. Riley, or B. Riley or merger sub, in the case of a termination by FBR, have become untrue such that the
respective party’s closing conditions would not be satisfied (and such breach or failure to be true and correct is
not curable prior to the outside date, or if curable prior to the outside date, has not been cured within the earlier
of 30 calendar days following notice to the breaching party or three business days prior to the outside date); or

 

 •  by B. Riley prior to the time the FBR shareholder approval is obtained, if the FBR board of directors has:
 

 
•  materially breached certain of its obligations described in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or

Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals” or “The Merger Agreement—No Change in Recommendation or
Alternative Acquisition Agreement;”

 

 •  failed to include the FBR recommendation in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 •  made a change of recommendation; or
 

 
•  failed to recommend, within 10 business days after the commencement of a tender or exchange offer for

outstanding FBR common shares (other than by B. Riley or one of its affiliates), against acceptance of such
tender or exchange offer by its shareholders.

We refer to any termination by B. Riley as described in the preceding four bullets collectively as a termination for FBR adverse
recommendation matters.

Termination Fee (page 109)

FBR must pay B. Riley a termination fee of $5,000,000 in the event that:
 

 •  B. Riley effects a termination for FBR adverse recommendation matters; or
 

 •  each of the following occurs:
 

 •  B. Riley or FBR effects an outside date termination or a no-vote termination;
 

 

•  a bona fide acquisition proposal has been made to FBR and its shareholders generally (whether or not
conditional) or any person has publicly announced an intention to make an acquisition proposal (and such
acquisition proposal or publicly announced intention has not been publicly withdrawn on a bona fide basis
without qualification at least 10 business days prior to an outside date termination or at least five business days
prior to the FBR special meeting in connection with a no-vote termination); and

 
-20-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 33/95

Table of Contents

 

•  within 12 months after such termination, FBR or any of its subsidiaries enters into an alternative acquisition
agreement or consummates or approves or recommends to FBR’s shareholders or otherwise does not oppose, an
acquisition proposal, which acquisition proposal is subsequently consummated (even if such consummation
occurs after such 12-month period), or an acquisition proposal is otherwise consummated with respect to FBR
(for these purposes references to “15%” in the definition of acquisition proposal are deemed to be references to
“50%” and certain transactions included in the definition of acquisition proposal will require shareholders of
FBR immediately prior to such transaction to hold less than 50% of the equity in the surviving entity).

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 120)

The merger is intended to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and it is a condition to
the respective obligations of B. Riley and FBR to complete the merger that each of B. Riley and FBR receives a legal opinion to that
effect. Accordingly, FBR shareholders are not expected to recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes on the
exchange of FBR common shares for B. Riley common shares in the merger, except with respect to any cash received instead of
fractional B. Riley common shares.

Although the tax treatment of the pre-closing dividend is not entirely clear, we intend to report the pre-closing dividend as a
distribution with respect to FBR common shares. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, such distribution may be a dividend subject to
withholding, return of basis and/or gain from the disposition of FBR common shares, depending in part on the current earnings and
profits of FBR as calculated under U.S. federal income tax principles. FBR cannot predict whether it will have current or accumulated
earnings and profits for its current taxable year (which will end in connection with the merger). It is possible that FBR will have current
earnings and profits for its current taxable year. If there are current or accumulated earnings and profits, the pre-closing dividend will
generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of such amount. Dividends received by individual FBR shareholders generally should
qualify for reduced tax rates so long as certain holding period requirements are met. Dividends received by corporate FBR shareholders
may be eligible for the dividends received deduction if the holder is an otherwise qualifying corporate holder that meets the holding
period and certain other requirements for the dividends received deduction. FBR will not be able to make this determination until after
the merger. Once the determination is made, B. Riley will post this determination regarding FBR’s earnings and profits for U.S. federal
income tax purposes on its website or otherwise inform its stockholders of its determination.

For further information, see “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger,” in particular the section entitled
“Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

The U.S. federal income tax consequences described above may not apply to all FBR shareholders. Your tax consequences will
depend on your individual situation. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult your independent tax advisor for a full
understanding of the particular tax consequences of the merger to you.

Accounting Treatment (page 84)

B. Riley prepares its financial statements in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles, which we
refer to as GAAP. The transaction will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. B. Riley will be treated as the
acquiror for accounting purposes.
 

-21-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 34/95

Table of Contents

Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights (page 126)

The rights of FBR shareholders are governed by Virginia law and by FBR’s amended and restated articles of incorporation, as
amended, which we refer to as the FBR articles, and FBR’s amended and restated bylaws, which we refer to as the FBR bylaws. The
rights of B. Riley stockholders are governed by Delaware law and by the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, which we
refer to as the B. Riley certificate, and amended and restated bylaws of B. Riley, which we refer to as the B. Riley bylaws. Upon the
completion of the merger, there will no longer be any publicly held FBR common shares. FBR shareholders will no longer have any
direct interest in FBR. FBR shareholders will only participate in the combined company’s future earnings and potential growth through
their ownership of B. Riley common shares. All of the other incidents of direct stock ownership in FBR will be extinguished upon
completion of the merger. The rights of former FBR shareholders that become B. Riley stockholders will be governed by Delaware
law, the B. Riley certificate and the B. Riley bylaws. Therefore, FBR shareholders that receive B. Riley common shares in the merger
will have different rights once they become B. Riley stockholders. See “Comparison of Certain Rights of Holders of B. Riley and FBR
Common Shares.”

Risk Factors (page 31)

Before voting at the B. Riley annual meeting or the FBR special meeting, you should carefully consider all of the information
contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the risk factors set forth in the section
entitled “Risk Factors” and described in B. Riley’s and FBR’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended on December 31,
2016, and other reports filed with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see
“Where You Can Find More Information” and “Documents Incorporated by Reference.”
 

-22-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 35/95

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF B. RILEY

The following table summarizes consolidated financial results of B. Riley for the periods and at the dates indicated and should be
read in conjunction with B. Riley’s consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in
reports that B. Riley has previously filed with the SEC. Historical financial information for B. Riley can be found in its Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. See “Where You Can Find More Information” for instructions on how to
obtain the information that has been incorporated by reference. You should not assume the results of operations for past years indicate
results for any future period.

Consolidated Statement of Operations Data:
(Dollars in thousands)

 
  Year Ended December 31,  
  2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Revenues:      

Services and fees  $ 164,235  $ 101,929  $ 67,257  $ 59,967  $ 65,624 
Sale of goods   26,116   10,596   9,859   16,165   18,312 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues   190,351   112,525   77,116   76,132   83,936 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Operating expenses:      
Direct cost of services   40,857   29,049   23,466   24,146   23,911 
Cost of goods sold   14,755   3,072   14,080   11,506   12,750 
Selling, general and administrative   82,127   58,322   44,453   36,382   39,834 
Restructuring charge   3,887   —     2,548   —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating expenses   141,626   90,443   84,547   72,034   76,495 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Operating income (loss)   48,725   22,082   (7,431)   4,098   7,441 
Other income (expense):      

Interest income   318   17   12   26   201 
Loss from equity investment in Great

American Group Real Estate, LLC and
Shoon Trading Limited   —     —     —     (177)   (120) 

Gain from bargain purchase   —     —     —     —     1,366 
Interest expense   (1,996)   (834)   (1,262)   (2,667)   (2,612) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income (loss) from operations before
income taxes   47,047   21,265   (8,681)   1,280   6,276 

(Provision) benefit for income taxes   (14,321)   (7,688)   2,886   (704)   (1,936) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income (loss)   32,726   13,577   (5,795)   576   4,340 
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling

interests   11,200   1,772   6   (482)   819 
Net income (loss) attributable to B. Riley

Financial, Inc.  $ 21,526  $ 11,805  $ (5,801)  $ 1,058  $ 3,521 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Basic earnings (loss) per share  $ 1.19  $ 0.73  $ (0.60)  $ 0.74  $ 2.46 
Diluted earnings (loss) per share  $ 1.17  $ 0.73  $ (0.60)  $ 0.71  $ 2.38 
Cash dividends per share  $ 0.28   0.32   0.03   —     —   
Weighted average basic shares outstanding   18,106,621   16,221,040   9,612,154   1,434,107   1,434,107 
Weighted average diluted shares outstanding   18,391,852   16,265,915   9,612,154   1,495,328   1,480,671 
 

-23-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 36/95

Table of Contents

Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:
(Dollars in thousands)

 
   Year Ended December 31,  
   2016    2015    2014    2013   2012  
Cash and cash equivalents   $112,105   $ 30,012   $ 21,600   $18,867  $18,721 
Restricted cash    3,294    51    7,657    325   7,923 
Securities owned. At fair value    16,579    25,543    17,955    —     —   
Total assets    264,618    132,420    138,990    73,677   80,583 
Total current liabilities    83,663    21,950    41,911    29,069   34,275 
Total long-term liabilities    30,563    1,150    —      48,759   50,483 
Total equity (deficit)    150,392    109,320    97,079    (4,151)   (4,175) 
 

-24-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 37/95

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF FBR

The following table summarizes consolidated financial results of FBR for the periods and at the dates indicated and should be
read in conjunction with FBR’s consolidated financial statements and the notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in
reports that FBR has previously filed with the SEC. Historical financial information for FBR can be found in its Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. See “Where You Can Find More Information” for instructions on how to
obtain the information that has been incorporated by reference. You should not assume the results of operations for past years indicate
results for any future period.
 
   Year Ended December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014    2013   2012  
Consolidated Statements of Operations

(dollars in thousands, except per share amounts):        
Revenues:        
Investment banking:        

Capital raising   $ 43,092  $ 61,508  $103,902   $186,516  $ 84,144 
Advisory    7,453   9,583   11,353    9,697   6,525 

Institutional brokerage    39,213   45,442   56,182    53,738   52,472 
Net investment (loss) income    (557)   5,433   17,774    6,920   4,906 
Interest    29,977   31,774   13,067    1,790   2,765 
Dividends and other    527   1,692   1,030    1,160   680 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total revenues    119,705   155,432   203,308    259,821   151,492 
Interest expense    21,388   35,037   21,183    —     —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Revenue, net of interest expense    98,317   120,395   182,125    259,821   151,492 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

Non-interest expenses:        
Compensation and benefits    73,313   77,463   103,811    144,720   82,672 
Occupancy and equipment    12,318   12,680   13,480    12,271   15,755 
Professional services    9,798   13,287   13,259    12,326   12,839 
Communications    9,119   10,865   11,514    11,101   12,553 
Business development    8,382   9,819   11,689    9,602   9,394 
Clearing and brokerage fees    5,180   5,328   4,757    4,922   7,490 
Impairment of goodwill    1,259   —     —      —     —   
Other operating expenses    6,700   6,711   6,255    7,609   6,861 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total non-interest expenses    126,069   136,153   164,765    202,551   147,564 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes    (27,752)   (15,758)   17,360    57,270   3,928 
Income tax provision (benefit)    38,252   (8,297)   341    (27,483)   (1,078) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

(Loss) income from continuing operations, net of taxes    (66,004)   (7,461)   17,019    84,753   5,006 
(Loss) income from discontinued operations, net of taxes    —     —     —      8,159   24,685 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Net (loss) income   $ (66,004)  $ (7,461)  $ 17,019   $ 92,912  $ 29,691 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

Basic (loss) income per share(1):        
(Loss) income from continuing operations, net of taxes   $ (8.89)  $ (0.92)  $ 1.66   $ 7.09  $ 0.38 
Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes    —     —     —      0.68   1.86 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Basic (loss) income per share   $ (8.89)  $ (0.92)  $ 1.66   $ 7.77  $ 2.24 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

Diluted (loss) income per share(1):        
(Loss) income from continuing operations, net of taxes   $ (8.89)  $ (0.92)  $ 1.48   $ 6.54  $ 0.36 
Income from discontinued operations, net of taxes    —     —     —      0.63   1.79 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Diluted (loss) income per share   $ (8.89)  $ (0.92)  $ 1.48   $ 7.17  $ 2.15 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

Weighted-average shares (in thousands):        
Basic(1)    7,428   8,069   10,283    11,963   13,274 
Diluted(1)    7,428   8,069   11,465    12,960   13,798 

Cash dividends declared per common share   $ 0.80  $ 0.40  $ —     $ —    $ —   
 

-25-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 38/95

Table of Contents

   As of December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data (in thousands):       
Assets:       

Cash and cash equivalents   $ 75,019  $ 70,067  $ 108,962  $207,973  $174,925 
Securities borrowed    897,343   685,037   594,674   —     —   
Financial instruments owned, at fair value    32,401   94,923   166,047   144,743   121,404 
Other investments, at cost    —     6,539   7,000   7,681   8,388 
Due from brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations    4,828   5,513   94,489   4,949   4,670 
Other    28,350   71,337   63,925   45,226   24,057 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total assets   $1,037,941  $933,416  $1,035,097  $410,572  $333,444 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Liabilities:       
Securities loaned   $ 892,309  $687,443  $ 595,717  $ —    $ —   
Financial instruments sold, not yet purchased, at fair value    —     1,934   121,310   42,241   56,929 
Accrued compensation, accounts payable, accrued expenses

and other liabilities    28,214   33,272   57,664   68,853   32,953 
Due to brokers, dealers, and clearing organizations    —     —     —     8,701   3,698 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total liabilities    920,523   722,649   774,691   119,795   93,580 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Shareholders’ equity    117,418   210,767   260,406   290,777   239,864 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity   $1,037,941  $933,416  $1,035,097  $410,572  $333,444 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   Year ended December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Statistical Data:       
Total employees(2)    259   303   300   302   256 
Net revenue per employee(3)   $ 355  $ 404  $ 609  $ 952  $ 591 
Compensation and benefits expense as a
percentage of net revenues    75%   64%   57%   56%   55% 
 
(1) On February 28, 2013, the Company affected a one-for-four reverse stock split of its issued and outstanding common stock. While this reverse

stock split reduced the number of issued and outstanding common shares, and resulted in the reclassification of certain previously reported
amounts in the consolidated financial statements, these changes and reclassifications had no effect on the Company’s total shareholders’ equity.

(2) As of end of the period reported.
(3) Based on average of employees as of the end of each quarter.
 

-26-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 39/95

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table shows selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information about the financial condition
and results of operations of B. Riley giving effect to the merger with FBR. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information assumes that the merger is accounted for under the acquisition method of accounting with B. Riley treated as the
acquiror. Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of FBR, as of the effective date of the merger, will be
recorded by B. Riley at their respective fair values and the excess of the merger consideration over the fair value of FBR’s net assets
will be allocated to goodwill.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations as of December 31, 2016 is presented as if the merger and
B. Riley’s acquisition of United Online, Inc. had become effective on January 1, 2016, the first business day of the B. Riley 2016 fiscal
year, and combines the historical results of B. Riley and FBR for the year ended December 31, 2016. The unaudited pro forma
condensed consolidated balance sheet information as of December 31, 2016 gives effect to the merger as if it occurred on
December 31, 2016, and combines the historical balance sheets of B. Riley and FBR as of December 31, 2016. The selected unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial data has been derived from and should be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information, including the notes thereto, which is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
under “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information.”

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does
not necessarily indicate the financial results of the combined companies had the companies actually been combined at the beginning of
the period presented. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information also does not consider any potential
impacts of current market conditions on revenues, potential revenue enhancements, anticipated cost savings and expense efficiencies,
or asset dispositions, among other factors. Further, as explained in more detail in the notes accompanying the more detailed unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information included under “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information,” the pro forma allocation of purchase price reflected in the selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information is subject to adjustment and may vary from the actual purchase price allocation that will be recorded at the time the merger
is completed. Additionally, the adjustments made in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, which are
described in those notes, are preliminary and may be revised.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations
 

(Dollars in thousands)   Year ended December 31, 2016 
Total revenues   $ 325,009 
Operating income (loss)   $ 15,259 
Net income (loss) attributable to B. Riley

stockholders   $ 2,067 

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet
 

(Dollars in thousands)   As of December 31, 2016 
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 123,084 
Total assets   $ 1,272,544 
B. Riley pro forma common shares outstanding (in

thousands)    23,917 
 

-27-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 40/95

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE DATA (UNAUDITED)

Presented below for B. Riley and FBR is historical, unaudited pro forma combined and pro forma equivalent per share financial
data as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016. Except for the historical information as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2016, the information provided in the table below is unaudited. The information presented below should be read together
with the historical consolidated financial statements of B. Riley and FBR, including the related notes, filed by B. Riley and FBR, as
applicable, with the SEC and incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More
Information.”

The unaudited pro forma data and equivalent per share information give effect to the merger as if the merger had been effective
on December 31, 2016 in the case of the book value data, and as if the merger had been effective as of January 1, 2016, in the case of
the earnings per share and the cash dividends data. The unaudited pro forma data combines the historical results of FBR into B. Riley’s
consolidated statement of income. While certain adjustments were made for the estimated impact of fair value adjustments and other
acquisition-related activity, they are not indicative of what could have occurred had the acquisition taken place on January 1, 2016.

The unaudited pro forma adjustments are based upon available information and certain assumptions that B. Riley management
believes are reasonable. The unaudited pro forma data, while helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined
company under one set of assumptions, does not reflect the impact of factors that may result as a consequence of the merger or
consider any potential impacts of current market conditions or the merger on revenues, expense efficiencies or asset dispositions,
among other factors, nor the impact of possible business model changes. As a result, unaudited pro forma data is presented for
illustrative purposes only and does not represent an attempt to predict or suggest future results. Upon completion of the merger, the
operating results of FBR will be reflected in the consolidated financial statements of B. Riley on a prospective basis.
 

   
B. Riley

Historical   
FBR

Historical   
Pro Forma

Combined (2)   
Per Equivalent FBR
Common Share (1)  

For the year ended December 31, 2016  
Basic Earnings (Loss) Per Share   $ 1.19   $ (8.89)   $ 0.09   $ 0.06 
Diluted Earnings (Loss) Per Share   $ 1.17   $ (8.89)   $ 0.09   $ 0.06 
Cash Dividends Declared   $ 0.28   $ 0.80   $ 0.28   $ 0.19 
Book value per share as of December 31,

2016   $ 7.80   $ 16.13   $ 9.71   $ 6.52 
 
(1) Reflects FBR common shares at the exchange ratio of 0.671.
(2) Pro forma combined cash dividends declared are based only upon B. Riley’s historical amounts.
 

-28-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 41/95

Table of Contents

MARKET PRICES, DIVIDENDS AND OTHER DISTRIBUTIONS

Stock Prices

The table below sets forth, for the calendar quarters indicated, the high and low sales price per share of, and the dividends
declared on, B. Riley common shares, which trade on Nasdaq under the symbol “RILY,” and FBR common shares, which trade on
Nasdaq under the symbol “FBRC.” As of April 27, 2017, there were approximately 110 registered B. Riley stockholders, and as of
April 27, 2017, there were approximately 13 registered FBR shareholders.
 
   B. Riley Common Shares    FBR Common Shares  
   High    Low    Dividends   High    Low    Dividends 
2015             

First Quarter   $13.75   $ 9.10   $ 0.00   $25.56   $21.83   $ 0.00 
Second Quarter   $12.50   $ 7.98   $ 0.06   $24.33   $20.68   $ 0.00 
Third Quarter   $11.00   $ 9.06   $ 0.20   $25.07   $20.25   $ 0.20 
Fourth Quarter   $10.51   $ 9.00   $ 0.06   $22.37   $17.22   $ 0.20 

2016             
First Quarter   $10.50   $ 9.00   $ 0.00   $19.87   $15.51   $ 0.20 
Second Quarter   $12.00   $ 9.50   $ 0.00   $20.48   $14.84   $ 0.20 
Third Quarter   $13.52   $ 8.59   $ 0.03   $16.65   $13.03   $ 0.20 
Fourth Quarter   $19.45   $12.10   $ 0.25   $14.90   $10.57   $ 0.20 

2017             
First Quarter   $21.30   $14.00   $ 0.26   $19.40   $13.20   $ 0.20 

The following table sets forth the closing sale prices per B. Riley common share and FBR common share on February 17, 2017,
the last trading day completed before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, and on April 27, 2017, the
latest practicable date before the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

   B. Riley Common Shares  FBR Common Shares
February 17, 2017   $17.55   $16.70
April 27, 2017   $15.00   $18.05

 
-29-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 42/95

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus, including information included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, may contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of
1995. These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, (i) statements about the benefits of the merger, including future
financial and operating results, cost savings, enhancements to revenue and accretion to reported earnings that may be realized from the
merger; (ii) statements about B. Riley’s respective plans, objectives, expectations and intentions and other statements that are not
historical facts; and (iii) other statements identified by words such as “expects,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,”
“estimates,” “continues,” “positions,” “targets,” “prospects,” “projections,” or “potential,” future conditional verbs such as “will,”
“would,” “should,” “could,” or “may” or words of similar meaning. These forward-looking statements are based on current beliefs and
expectations of B. Riley’s management and FBR’s management and are inherently subject to significant business, economic and
competitive uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond B. Riley and FBR’s control. In addition, these forward-looking
statements are subject to assumptions with respect to future business strategies and decisions that are subject to change.

In addition to factors previously disclosed in B. Riley and FBR’s reports filed with the SEC and those identified elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus (including the section entitled “Risk Factors”), the following potential factors, among others, could
cause actual results to differ materially from the anticipated results or other expectations in the forward-looking statements:
 

 
•  the merger may not close when expected or at all because required regulatory, shareholder or other approvals and other

conditions to closing are not satisfied on a timely basis or at all;
 

 
•  B. Riley’s share price could change, before closing of the merger, including as a result of broader stock market movements,

and the performance of financial companies and peer group companies;
 

 
•  the FBR board of directors may be unable to pay the pre-closing dividend, and the amount of the pre-closing dividend could

change as a result of changes in FBR’s business;
 

 
•  benefits from the merger may not be fully realized or may take longer to realize than expected, including as a result of

changes in general economic and market conditions, interest and exchange rates, monetary policy, laws and regulations and
their enforcement, and the degree of competition in the geographic and business areas in which B. Riley and FBR operate;

 

 
•  operating costs, customer losses and business disruption following the merger, including adverse developments in

relationships with employees, may be greater than expected; and
 

 •  management time and effort may be diverted to the resolution of merger-related issues.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the proposed transactions or other matters attributable to
B. Riley or FBR or any person acting on behalf of B. Riley or FBR are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements
above. Neither B. Riley nor FBR undertakes any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect circumstances or
events that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made.
 

-30-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 43/95

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus,
including B. Riley’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and FBR’s Annual Report on Form 10-
K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and the matters addressed under the caption “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements,” B. Riley stockholders and FBR shareholders should consider the matters described below carefully in
determining whether to approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in the merger or vote to approve the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as applicable.

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger and B. Riley’s Business Upon Completion of the Merger

Because the market price of B. Riley common shares may fluctuate, the value of the merger consideration to be received by FBR
shareholders may change, and general market conditions and unpredictable factors, including conditions and factors different
from those affecting FBR common shares currently could adversely affect market prices for B. Riley common shares once the
B. Riley share issuance is issued.

Upon completion of the merger, each outstanding FBR common share, excluding certain specified shares, will be converted into
and become exchangeable for 0.671 of a B. Riley common share pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement. The closing price of
B. Riley common shares on the date that the merger is completed may vary from the closing price of B. Riley common shares on the
date B. Riley and FBR announced the merger, on the date that this joint proxy statement/prospectus is being mailed to the FBR
shareholders and on the date of the FBR special meeting. Because the merger consideration is determined by a fixed exchange ratio of
0.671, at the time of the FBR special meeting, FBR shareholders will not know or be able to calculate the value of the B. Riley
common shares they will receive upon completion of the merger. Any change in the market price of B. Riley common shares prior to
completion of the merger will affect the value of the merger consideration that FBR shareholders will receive upon completion of the
merger. Share price changes may result from a variety of factors, including general market and economic conditions, changes in
B. Riley’s and FBR’s respective businesses, operations and prospects, and regulatory considerations, among other things. Many of
these factors are beyond the control of B. Riley and FBR. FBR shareholders should obtain current market quotations for B. Riley
common shares before voting their shares at the FBR special meeting. Any change in the market price of B. Riley common shares prior
to the completion of the merger will affect the market value of the share consideration that FBR common shares will receive upon
completion of the merger, and there will be no adjustment to the merger consideration for changes in the market price of either B. Riley
common shares or FBR common shares.

The market price of B. Riley common shares may be volatile and could fluctuate substantially due to many factors, including,
among other things:
 

 •  actual or anticipated fluctuations in B. Riley’s results of operations;
 

 •  announcements of significant contracts and transactions by B. Riley or its competitors;
 

 •  sale of common stock or other securities in the future;
 

 •  the trading volume of B. Riley common shares;
 

 •  changes in B. Riley’s pricing policies or the pricing policies of its competitors; and
 

 •  general economic conditions.

In addition, the stock market in general has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or
disproportionate to the operating performance of companies whose shares are traded on the stock market. These broad market factors
may materially harm the market price of B. Riley common shares, regardless of B. Riley’s operating performance.
 

-31-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 44/95

Table of Contents

In addition, the amount to be received by FBR shareholders in the pre-closing dividend may change as a result of factors set forth
in “Anticipation of the pre-closing dividend may result in the price of FBR common shares declining on or after the ex-dividend date
or payment date of the pre-closing dividend” and “The amount of the pre-closing dividend is uncertain” in this “Risk Factors” section.

Anticipation of the pre-closing dividend may result in the price of FBR common shares declining on or after the ex-dividend date or
payment date of the pre-closing dividend.

Pursuant to the merger agreement, prior to the effective time, but not earlier than the 15th day prior to the anticipated closing date
of the merger, the FBR board of directors intends to declare and cause FBR to pay a pre-closing dividend of up to and including $8.50
per FBR common share to the FBR shareholders if, after giving effect to such pre-closing dividend, FBR will have remaining at least
$33,500,000 in cash and cash equivalents and certain financial instruments (subject to certain adjustments), plus any amounts
necessary to pay any accrued transaction expenses, which we refer to as the minimum cash and financial instrument amount. In
addition, if there are additional available funds remaining after the payment of a pre-closing dividend of $8.50 per share, and such
additional available funds are in excess of $5,000,000 above the minimum cash and financial instrument amount, which excess we
refer to as the excess available funds, a portion of the excess available funds may be paid as part of the pre-closing dividend.
Anticipation of the payment of the pre-closing dividend may cause upward pressure on or support of the price of FBR common shares
as investors purchase or hold shares to collect the pre-closing dividend. The pre-closing dividend will reduce the shareholders’ equity
of FBR and the price of FBR common shares may decline on or after the ex-dividend date or payment date of the pre-closing dividend.
See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

The amount of the pre-closing dividend is uncertain.

The merger agreement provides that if FBR will have at least the minimum cash and financial instrument amount after giving
effect to the pre-closing dividend, the available funds will be paid as a dividend to FBR shareholders in an amount per share of up to
and including $8.50. In addition, if there are excess available funds, a portion of the excess available funds may be paid as part of the
pre-closing dividend. There is no assurance that there will be available funds sufficient to provide for a pre-closing dividend of $8.50
per share or a higher per share amount, if any, and even if a pre-closing dividend is paid it may be significantly less than $8.50 per
share. In addition, because of the minimum cash and financial instrument amount, there is no assurance that the FBR board of directors
will be permitted to pay the pre-closing dividend under the merger agreement. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, FBR expects the pre-closing dividend on a per share basis to be in a range
of $7.50 to $8.00. But, because the amount of cash available to FBR to pay the pre-closing dividend fluctuates and is subject to the
minimum cash and financial instrument amount, and because the pre-closing dividend will not be declared earlier than the 15th day
prior to the anticipated closing, the actual amount of the pre-closing dividend that will be paid to FBR shareholders is uncertain as of
the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may be more than $8.00 or less than $7.50. FBR will provide its shareholders with
an update regarding the amount of the pre-closing dividend prior to the FBR special meeting. For more information, see “The Merger
—Terms of the Merger—Pre-Closing Dividend.”

The tax treatment of the pre-closing dividend is uncertain.

Although the tax treatment of the pre-closing dividend is not entirely clear, we intend to report the pre-closing dividend as a
distribution with respect to FBR common shares. For U.S. federal income tax purposes, such distribution may be a dividend subject to
withholding, return of basis and/or gain from the disposition of FBR common shares, depending in part on the current earnings and
profits of FBR as calculated under U.S. federal income tax principles. FBR cannot predict whether it will have current or accumulated
earnings and profits for its current taxable year (which will end in connection with the merger). It is possible that FBR will have current
earnings and profits for its current taxable year. If there are current or accumulated earnings and
 

-32-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 45/95

Table of Contents

profits, the pre-closing dividend will generally be treated as a dividend to the extent of such amount. Dividends received by individual
FBR shareholders generally should qualify for reduced tax rates so long as certain holding period requirements are met. Dividends
received by corporate FBR shareholders may be eligible for the dividends received deduction if the holder is an otherwise qualifying
corporate holder that meets the holding period and certain other requirements for the dividends received deduction. FBR will not be
able to make this determination until after the merger. Once the determination is made, B. Riley will post this determination regarding
FBR’s earnings and profits for U.S. federal income tax purposes on its website or otherwise inform its stockholders of its
determination.

The results of operations of B. Riley after the merger may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the results
of operations of FBR.

The businesses of B. Riley and FBR differ in important respects and, accordingly, the results of operations of the combined
company and the market price of the combined company’s common shares may be affected by factors different from those currently
affecting the independent results of operations of FBR. For a discussion of the business of B. Riley and certain factors to be considered
in connection with B. Riley’s business, see “Information About the Parties” and the documents incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus and referred to under “Where You Can Find More Information.” For a discussion of the business of FBR
and certain factors to be considered in connection with FBR’s business, see “Information About the Parties” and the documents
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and referred to under “Where You Can Find More Information.”

The merger agreement limits FBR’s ability to pursue an alternative transaction and requires FBR to pay a termination fee of
$5,000,000 under certain circumstances relating to alternative acquisition proposals.

The merger agreement prohibits FBR from initiating, soliciting, proposing, knowingly encouraging or knowingly facilitating
certain alternative acquisition proposals with or from any third party, subject to the exceptions set forth in the merger agreement. See
“The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Negotiation of Acquisition Proposals.” Further, even if the FBR board of directors effects
a change of recommendation, FBR will still be required to submit the merger agreement to the FBR shareholders to obtain the requisite
FBR shareholder approval at the FBR special meeting. See “The Merger Agreement—Stockholders Meetings.” The merger agreement
also provides for the payment by FBR to B. Riley of a termination fee of $5,000,000 in the event that the merger agreement is
terminated in certain circumstances, involving, among others, the termination of the merger agreement in certain circumstances
followed by an acquisition, or a definitive agreement providing for an acquisition, of FBR by a third party. These provisions may
discourage a potential competing acquiror that might have an interest in acquiring FBR from considering or proposing such an
acquisition. It should be noted, however, that the failure of FBR shareholders to approve the merger agreement will not in and of itself
trigger FBR’s obligation to pay the termination fee, unless other factors, including a third-party acquisition proposal for FBR, also
exist. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” and “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fee.”

The fairness opinion that FBR has obtained from its financial advisor has not been, and is not expected to be, updated to reflect any
changes in circumstances that may have occurred since the signing of the merger agreement.

The fairness opinion issued to FBR by Berkshire Capital regarding the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration (including the pre-closing dividend) to be paid in connection with the merger, speaks only as of February 17, 2017.
Changes in the operations and prospects of FBR or B. Riley, general market and economic conditions and other factors which may be
beyond the control of FBR or B. Riley, and on which the fairness opinion was based, may have altered the value of B. Riley or FBR or
the market prices of B. Riley common shares or FBR common shares as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or may
alter such
 

-33-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 46/95

Table of Contents

values and market prices by the time the merger is completed. In addition, the availability and size of the pre-closing dividend may
vary based on FBR’s accrued transaction expenses and the amount of cash and certain investments held by FBR after the declaration of
the pre-closing dividend, as described in “Anticipation of the pre-closing dividend may result in the price of FBR common shares
declining on or after the ex-dividend date or payment date of the pre-closing dividend” and “The amount of the pre-closing dividend is
uncertain” in this “Risk Factors” section. Berkshire Capital does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion to
reflect subsequent developments, and has not done so. Because FBR does not currently anticipate asking Berkshire Capital to update its
opinion, the opinion will not address the fairness of the merger consideration (including the pre-closing dividend) from a financial
point of view at the time the merger is completed or as of any other date other than the date of such opinion. FBR’s board of directors’
recommendation that FBR shareholders vote “FOR” approval of the merger agreement, however, is made as of the date of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. For a description of the opinion that FBR received from Berkshire Capital, see “The Merger—Opinion of
FBR’s Financial Advisor.”

Regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected or may impose conditions that are not presently
anticipated or cannot be met.

Before the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, may be completed, various approvals must
be obtained from governmental and self-regulatory authorities, including (i) the expiration or early termination of the applicable
waiting period under the HSR Act and (ii) subject to certain exceptions, the receipt of approval of each FBR broker-dealer subsidiary’s
Continuing Membership Application by FINRA. These authorities may impose conditions on the granting of such approvals. Such
conditions or changes and the process of obtaining regulatory approvals could have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or
of imposing additional costs or limitations on the combined company following the merger. The regulatory approvals may not be
received at all, may not be received in a timely fashion, and may contain conditions on the completion of the merger that are not
anticipated or cannot be met. Furthermore, such conditions on completion may constitute a burdensome condition that may allow
B. Riley to refuse to consummate the merger, as described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger—Conditions to
Obligations of B. Riley.” If the consummation of the merger is delayed, including by a delay in receipt of necessary governmental
approvals, the business, financial condition and results of operations of each company may also be materially adversely affected.

The merger is subject to certain closing conditions that, if not satisfied or waived, will result in the merger not being completed,
which may cause the prices of B. Riley common shares or FBR common shares to decline.

The merger is subject to customary conditions to closing, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals and approval of
each party’s shareholders of certain merger-related proposals. If any condition to the merger is not satisfied or waived, to the extent
permitted by law, the merger will not be completed. In addition, B. Riley and FBR may terminate the merger agreement under certain
circumstances even if the merger agreement is approved by each party’s shareholders. If B. Riley and FBR do not complete the merger,
the trading prices of B. Riley common shares and/or FBR common shares may decline. In addition, neither company would realize any
of the expected benefits of having completed the merger. If the merger is not completed and FBR’s board of directors seeks another
merger or business combination, FBR shareholders cannot be certain that FBR will be able to find a party willing to offer equivalent or
more attractive consideration than the consideration (including the pre-closing dividend) B. Riley has agreed to provide in the merger.
If the merger is not completed, additional risks could materialize, which could materially and adversely affect the business, financial
condition and results of B. Riley or FBR. For more information on closing conditions to the merger agreement, see “The Merger
Agreement—Conditions to the Merger.”
 

-34-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 47/95

Table of Contents

B. Riley and FBR will be subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees, customers and vendors may have an adverse influence on the business,
financial condition and results of operations of FBR and B. Riley. These uncertainties may impair FBR’s or B. Riley’s ability to attract,
retain and motivate key personnel pending the consummation of the merger, as such personnel may experience uncertainty about their
future roles following the consummation of the merger. Additionally, these uncertainties could cause self-regulatory organizations,
customers, clearing brokers, suppliers, vendors and others who deal with FBR or B. Riley to seek to change existing business
relationships with FBR, B. Riley or the combined company or fail to extend an existing relationship with FBR, B. Riley or the
combined company.

In addition, the merger agreement restricts FBR and B. Riley from taking certain actions without the other party’s consent while
the merger is pending and requires FBR and B. Riley to operate their businesses in the ordinary and usual course. These restrictions
could have a material adverse effect on FBR’s or B. Riley’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Please see the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conduct of FBR Business” for a description of the restrictive covenants applicable to FBR,
and the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—B. Riley Forbearance” for a description of the restrictive covenants applicable to
B. Riley during the pendency of the merger.

B. Riley common shares to be received by FBR shareholders as a result of the merger will have rights different from the FBR
common shares.

Upon completion of the merger, the rights of former FBR shareholders who receive B. Riley common shares in the merger and
thereby become B. Riley stockholders will be governed by the B. Riley certificate and the B. Riley bylaws. The rights associated with
FBR common shares are different from the rights associated with B. Riley common shares. In addition, the rights of shareholders under
the laws of Delaware, where B. Riley is organized, may differ from the rights of shareholders under the laws of Virginia, where FBR is
organized. See “Comparison of Certain Rights of Holders of B. Riley and FBR Common Shares” for a discussion of the different rights
associated with B. Riley common shares.

B. Riley and FBR shareholders will generally have a reduced ownership and voting interest after the merger and will exercise less
influence over management.

B. Riley stockholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the B. Riley board of directors and on other matters
affecting B. Riley. FBR shareholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the FBR board of directors and on other matters
affecting FBR. Upon the completion of the merger, except for shareholders who own common shares in both B. Riley and FBR, each
party’s shareholders will be a stockholder of B. Riley with a percentage ownership of B. Riley that is smaller than such stockholder’s
current percentage ownership of B. Riley or FBR, as applicable. It is currently expected that the former shareholders of FBR as a group
will receive shares in the merger constituting approximately 19.9% of the outstanding shares of the combined company immediately
after the merger. As a result, current stockholders of B. Riley as a group will own approximately 80.1% of the outstanding shares of the
combined company immediately after the merger. Because of this, B. Riley and FBR shareholders will generally have less influence on
the management and policies of the combined company than they now have on the management and policies of B. Riley or FBR, as
applicable.

Sales of substantial amounts of B. Riley common shares in the open market by former FBR shareholders could depress B. Riley’s
share price.

B. Riley common shares that are issued to shareholders of FBR in the merger will be freely tradable without restrictions or further
registration under the Securities Act. As of the B. Riley record date, B. Riley had
 

-35-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 48/95

Table of Contents

approximately 19,465,492 common shares outstanding, and 2,228,499 B. Riley common shares were reserved for issuance under the
B. Riley stock plans. Based on the number of FBR common shares currently outstanding, B. Riley currently expects to issue
approximately 4,877,147 common shares in connection with the merger.

If the merger is completed and if FBR’s former shareholders sell substantial amounts of B. Riley common shares in the public
market following completion of the merger, the market price of B. Riley common shares may decrease. These sales might also make it
more difficult for B. Riley to sell equity or equity-related securities at a time and price that it otherwise would deem appropriate.

Combining B. Riley and FBR may be more difficult, costly or time consuming than expected and the anticipated benefits and cost
savings of the merger may not be realized.

The success of the merger will depend on, among other things, the combined company’s ability to combine the businesses of
B. Riley and FBR. If the combined company is not able to successfully achieve this objective, the anticipated benefits of the merger
may not be realized fully, or at all, or may take longer to realize than expected.

B. Riley and FBR have operated and, until the consummation of the merger, will continue to operate independently. The success
of the merger, including anticipated benefits and cost savings, will depend, in part, on B. Riley’s ability to successfully combine and
integrate the businesses of B. Riley and FBR in a manner that permits growth opportunities, and does not materially disrupt existing
customer relations nor result in decreased revenues due to loss of customers. It is possible that the integration process or other factors
could result in the loss or departure of key employees, the disruption of the ongoing business of B. Riley or FBR or inconsistencies in
standards, controls, procedures and policies that adversely affect the combined company’s ability to maintain relationships with clients,
customers and employees or to achieve the anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger. It is also possible that clients, customers
and counterparties of B. Riley or FBR could choose to discontinue their relationships with the combined company because they prefer
doing business with an independent company or for any other reason, which would adversely affect the future performance of the
combined company. The loss of key employees could adversely affect B. Riley’s ability to successfully conduct its business, which
could have an adverse effect on B. Riley’s financial results and the value of its common stock. If B. Riley experiences difficulties with
the integration process, the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, or may take longer to realize than
expected. Integration efforts between the two companies will also divert management attention and resources. These transition matters
could have an adverse effect on each of B. Riley and FBR during the pre-merger period and for an undetermined amount of time after
the consummation of the merger. In addition, the actual cost savings of the merger could be less than anticipated.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is illustrative
only and the actual financial condition and results of operations after the merger may differ materially.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what B. Riley’s actual financial condition or results of operations would
have been had the merger been completed on the date indicated. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
reflects adjustments, which are based upon preliminary estimates, to record the identifiable tangible and intangible FBR assets acquired
and liabilities assumed at fair value and the resulting goodwill recognized. The purchase price allocation reflected in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is preliminary and final allocation of the purchase price will be based upon the actual purchase price and the fair
value of the assets and liabilities of FBR as of the date of the completion of the merger. Accordingly, the final acquisition accounting
adjustments may differ materially from the pro forma adjustments reflected in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For more
information, please see the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information.”
 

-36-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 49/95

Table of Contents

FBR directors and officers have interests in the merger that may differ from, or may be in addition to, the interests of FBR
shareholders generally.

In considering the recommendations of the board of directors of FBR, FBR shareholders should be aware that directors and
executive officers of FBR have interests in the merger that may differ from, or may be in addition to, the interests of FBR shareholders
generally. The FBR board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, when it approved the
merger agreement and in making its recommendations that the FBR shareholders approve the FBR merger proposal. These interests
include:
 

 

•  Richard J. Hendrix, who is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of FBR, has entered into the new Hendrix
employment agreement, which becomes effective upon the completion of the merger and which will replace the existing
employment agreement between Mr. Hendrix and FBR, pursuant to which Mr. Hendrix (i) will serve as President and Chief
Executive Officer of the combined brokerage business, and (ii) will become a member of the B. Riley board of directors;

 

 
•  Executive officers of FBR other than Mr. Hendrix will be eligible to receive severance benefits under a severance policy

maintained by FBR upon an involuntary termination;
 

 
•  FBR’s directors and executive officers have FBR options, FBR restricted stock, FBR RSUs, and FBR PSUs that, under the

merger agreement, will be converted into either (i) B’ Riley common shares or (ii) corresponding awards with respect to B.
Riley common shares and the right to receive cash payment in connection with the pre-closing dividend;

 

 
•  Certain of FBR’s executive officers have been granted an award consisting of an interest in a specified pool of securities that

will be subject to accelerated vesting upon certain qualifying terminations of employment following the merger; and
 

 •  FBR directors and officers are entitled to continued indemnification and insurance coverage under the merger agreement.

For a more complete description of the interests of FBR directors and executive officers in the merger, see “The Merger—
Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.”

Termination of the merger agreement could negatively affect B. Riley and/or FBR.

If the merger agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences. For example, B. Riley’s and/or FBR’s businesses may
have been impacted adversely by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the focus of management on the merger,
without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger. Additionally, if the merger agreement is terminated, the
market price of B. Riley’s and/or FBR’s common shares could decline to the extent that the current market prices reflect a market
assumption that the merger will be completed. If the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, FBR may be
required to pay to B. Riley a termination fee of $5 million.

If the merger is not completed, B. Riley and FBR will have incurred substantial expenses without realizing the expected benefits of
the merger.

Each of B. Riley and FBR has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and completion of
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as the costs and expenses of filing, printing, and mailing this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, and all filing and other fees paid to the SEC in connection with the merger. If the merger is not completed,
B. Riley and FBR would have to recognize these expenses without realizing the expected benefits of the merger.
 

-37-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 50/95

Table of Contents

Litigation relating to the merger could require us to incur significant costs and suffer management distraction, as well as delay
and/or enjoin the merger.

On April 4, 2017, a purported FBR shareholder filed a putative class action against FBR and the members of the FBR board of
directors that challenges the disclosures made in connection with the merger. The lawsuit was filed in the United States District Court
for the Eastern District of Virginia and is styled Michael Rubin v. FBR & Co., et al., Case No. 1:17-cv-00410-LMB-MSN. The Rubin
complaint alleges that the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part fails to disclose certain
allegedly material information in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which we refer to as the
Exchange Act, and SEC Rule 14a-9 promulgated thereunder. The plaintiff in the Rubin action seeks to enjoin the forthcoming
shareholder vote on the merger and/or the consummation of the merger or, in the alternative, for rescission of the merger or rescissory
damages. The plaintiff in the Rubin action also seeks certain costs and fees, including attorneys’ fees.

On April 12, 2017, another purported FBR shareholder filed a second putative class action against the same defendants that also
challenges the disclosures made in connection with the merger. The lawsuit was again filed in the United States District Court for the
Eastern District of Virginia and is styled Woo J. Kim v. FBR & Co., et al., Case No. 1:17-cv-00444-LMB-IDD. The Kim complaint
asserts substantially the same claims as the Rubin complaint. The plaintiff in the Kim action seeks to enjoin the consummation of the
merger or, in the alternative, for rescission of the merger or rescissory damages. The plaintiff in the Kim action also seeks damages and
certain costs and fees, including attorneys’ fees.

Additional lawsuits related to the merger may be filed against FBR, B. Riley and/or the directors and officers of either company.
The outcome of any such litigation is uncertain. Such lawsuits could prevent or delay completion of the merger and may adversely
affect FBR’s and B. Riley’s business, financial condition, results of operations and/or cash flows. See “The Merger—Litigation
Relating to the Merger.”

Risk Factors Relating to FBR and FBR’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to FBR’s business that will also affect the combined company after the merger.
These risks are described in FBR’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as updated by
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, all of which are or will be filed with the SEC and
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and “Where You
Can Find More Information.”

Risk Factors Relating to B. Riley and B. Riley’s Business

You should read and consider risk factors specific to B. Riley’s business that will also affect the combined company after the
merger. These risks are described in B. Riley’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as updated
by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, all of which are or will be filed with the SEC and
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. FBR shareholders should review these risks carefully because if
the merger is completed, FBR shareholders will become B. Riley stockholders. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” and
“Where You Can Find More Information.”
 

-38-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 51/95

Table of Contents

FBR SPECIAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting of shareholders of FBR will be held at 1300 North Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209,
at 9:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017.

Purpose

At the FBR special meeting, shareholders of FBR will be asked to consider and vote upon:
 

 
•  a proposal to approve the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this joint proxy

statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  a proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become payable to FBR’s

named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, discussed under the section entitled “The
Merger—Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger;” and

 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the FBR special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including

adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the FBR merger proposal.

FBR Merger Proposal

As discussed throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, FBR is asking its shareholders to approve the merger agreement,
pursuant to which FBR will merge with and into merger sub, with merger sub continuing as the surviving company. FBR shareholders
must approve the merger agreement in order for the merger to occur. If FBR shareholders fail to approve the merger agreement, the
merger will not occur. FBR shareholders should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully in its entirety, including the
appendices, for more detailed information concerning the merger agreement and the merger. In particular, FBR shareholders are
directed to the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

FBR Merger-Related Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal

FBR is asking its shareholders to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become
payable to FBR’s named executive officers in connection with the merger, and the agreements and understandings pursuant to which
such compensation may be paid or become payable, discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of FBR’s Directors
and Executive Officers in the Merger.” This proposal, commonly referred to as the “say-on-golden-parachute” vote, is required by the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010.

FBR Adjournment Proposal

If, at the FBR special meeting, the number of FBR common shares present or represented by proxy and voting in favor of the
FBR merger proposal is insufficient to approve such proposal, or in the absence of a quorum, FBR intends to move to adjourn the FBR
special meeting in order to solicit additional proxies.

In this proposal, FBR is asking its shareholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by the FBR board of directors to
vote in favor of granting discretionary authority to proxy holders to adjourn the FBR special meeting to another time and/or place for
the purpose of soliciting additional proxies. If FBR shareholders approve the FBR adjournment proposal, FBR could adjourn the FBR
special meeting and any adjourned session of the FBR special meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies.

Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors

The FBR board of directors unanimously recommends that FBR shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the FBR merger
proposal, “FOR” the approval of the merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal and “FOR” approval of the FBR
adjournment proposal.
 

-39-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 52/95

Table of Contents

Record Date and Quorum

The FBR board of directors has fixed April 27, 2017 as the record date for determining the FBR shareholders entitled to notice of
and to vote at the FBR special meeting, and only FBR common shareholders of record on the record date are entitled to vote at the
FBR special meeting. At the close of business on April 27, 2017, there were 7,099,114 FBR common shares issued and outstanding,
held by approximately 13 shareholders of record. FBR common shareholders of record on the record date are entitled to one vote per
share on all matters properly before the FBR special meeting.

The representation (in person or by proxy) of holders of at least a majority in voting power of all issued and outstanding FBR
common shares entitled to vote at the FBR special meeting constitutes a quorum for action at the FBR special meeting. All FBR
common shares present in person or represented by proxy, including abstentions, will be treated as present for purposes of determining
the presence or absence of a quorum for all matters voted on at the FBR special meeting. In the event that a quorum is not present at
the FBR special meeting, the FBR special meeting and any adjourned or postponed session of the FBR special meeting may be
adjourned or postponed to solicit additional proxies. Pursuant to the FBR bylaws, in a situation in which a quorum is not present or
represented at the FBR special meeting, the FBR special meeting may be adjourned by the chairman of the FBR special meeting or by
the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of FBR common shares represented either in person or by proxy at the FBR special
meeting.

Required Vote

Required Vote to Approve the FBR Merger Proposal

In accordance with the Virginia Stock Corporation Act and the FBR articles, the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes
entitled to be cast on the FBR merger proposal is required to approve the FBR merger proposal at the FBR special meeting at which a
quorum is present.

Each of the directors and executive officers of FBR has agreed to vote all shares held or controlled by him or her in favor of
approval of the FBR merger proposal. As of the record date for the FBR special meeting, a total of 1,191,902 outstanding shares, or
16.4% of the outstanding FBR common shares, are covered by the FBR voting agreements. See “Voting Agreements.”

FBR Merger-Related Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal

In accordance with the FBR bylaws, the vote to approve, on an advisory basis, the FBR merger-related named executive officer
compensation proposal will be approved if the votes cast in favor of the proposal exceed the votes cast opposing the proposal at the
FBR special meeting at which a quorum is present.

FBR Adjournment Proposal

In accordance with the FBR bylaws, approval of the FBR adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of holders of a
majority of the FBR common shares represented at the FBR special meeting, whether or not a quorum is present.

Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from
voting, it will have the same effect as a vote against the FBR merger proposal. If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to vote or
fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from voting, it will have no effect on the FBR merger-related named
executive officer compensation proposal, assuming a quorum is present. If you are an FBR shareholder and you fail to vote or fail to
instruct your broker or nominee to vote, it will have no effect on the FBR adjournment proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will
have the same effect as a vote against the FBR adjournment proposal.
 

-40-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 53/95

Table of Contents

How to Vote

If you own FBR common shares in your own name, you are an “owner of record.” This means that you may use the enclosed
proxy card(s) to tell the persons named as proxies how to vote your FBR common shares. An owner of record has four voting options:

Internet

You can vote over the Internet by accessing www.fcrvote.com/fbr. Internet voting is available 24 hours a day. Have your proxy
card in hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to vote.

Telephone

You can vote on any touch-tone telephone by calling 1-866-829-5207. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day. Have your
proxy card in hand when you call and follow the instructions to vote.

Mail

You can vote by mail by completing, signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included with
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If a proxy card is returned without an indication as to how the FBR common shares are to be
voted with regard to a particular proposal, such FBR common shares will be voted in favor of each such proposal.

In Person

You may attend the FBR special meeting and cast your vote in person. The FBR board of directors recommends that you vote by
proxy even if you plan to attend the FBR special meeting.

The Internet and telephone proxy procedures are designed to authenticate shareholder identification, to allow shareholders to give
their proxy voting instructions and to confirm that these instructions have been properly recorded. Directing the voting of your FBR
common shares will not affect your right to vote in person if you decide to attend the FBR special meeting.

Shares Held in Street Name

If your shares are held in “street name” in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you must provide the record
holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by your bank or
broker. Please note that you may not vote shares held in street name by returning a proxy card directly to FBR or by voting in person at
the FBR special meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain from your broker, bank or other nominee.

Brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares in street name for a beneficial owner typically have the authority to vote in
their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers, banks or
other nominees are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion on matters that are determined to be “non-routine” matters, such as
the approval of the FBR merger proposal, the FBR merger-related named executive officer compensation proposal and the FBR
adjournment proposal. Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee that are represented at the applicable
shareholders meeting but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is not instructed by the beneficial owner of such
shares to vote on the particular proposal and the broker, bank or other nominee does not have discretionary voting power on such
proposal.
 

-41-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 54/95

Table of Contents

FBR does not expect to bring any matters before the FBR special meeting other than the proposals set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Assuming no additional matters are brought before the FBR special meeting on which brokers have discretionary
voting authority, if you are an FBR shareholder, and you do not instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your
shares, your broker, bank or other nominee may not vote your shares on the FBR merger proposal, the FBR merger-related named
executive officer compensation proposal or the FBR adjournment proposal, which broker non-votes will, with respect to the FBR
merger proposal, have the effect of a vote against such proposal, and will, with respect to the FBR merger-related named executive
officer compensation proposal and the FBR adjournment proposal, have no effect on the vote on such proposals.

Revoking Your Proxy

You may revoke your proxy at any time after you give it, and before it is voted, in one of the following ways:
 

 
•  by writing, delivered to FBR’s Corporate Secretary at c/o FBR & Co., 1300 North Seventeenth Street, Suite 1400, Arlington,

Virginia 22209, stating that you are revoking your proxy by written notice that bears a date later than the date of your proxy
and that FBR receives prior to the FBR special meeting and that states that you revoke your proxy;

 

 •  by voting again using the telephone or Internet voting procedures;
 

 
•  by signing another FBR proxy card bearing a later date and mailing it so that FBR receives it prior to the FBR special

meeting; or
 

 
•  by attending the FBR special meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the FBR special meeting alone will not,

by itself, revoke a proxy.

If you choose the first method, you must take the described action no later than the beginning of the FBR special meeting. If you
choose the second method, you must take the described action no later than 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on the day before the FBR
special meeting. If you choose to send a completed proxy card bearing a later date than your original proxy card, the new proxy card
must be received before the beginning of the FBR special meeting.

If your broker, bank or other nominee holds your shares in street name, you will need to contact your broker, bank or other
nominee to revoke your voting instructions.

Attending the FBR Special Meeting

The FBR special meeting will be held at 1300 North Seventeenth Street, First Floor, Arlington, Virginia 22209, at 9:00 a.m.,
Eastern Time, on June 1, 2017. Subject to space availability, all shareholders of FBR as of the FBR record date, or their duly appointed
proxies, may attend the FBR special meeting.

Please bring proper identification, together with proof that you are a record owner of FBR common shares. If your shares are held
in street name, please bring acceptable proof of ownership, such as a letter from your broker or an account statement showing that you
beneficially owned FBR common shares on the record date. You should also bring valid picture identification.

Solicitation of Proxies

FBR is soliciting proxies for the FBR special meeting on behalf of the FBR board of directors. FBR will bear the cost of soliciting
proxies from its stockholders. In addition to using the mails, FBR may solicit proxies by personal interview, telephone and facsimile.
Banks, brokerage houses, other institutions, nominees and
 

-42-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 55/95

Table of Contents

fiduciaries will be requested to forward their proxy soliciting material to their principals and obtain authorization for the execution of
proxies. FBR does not expect to pay any compensation for the solicitation of proxies. However, FBR will, upon request, pay the
standard charges and expenses of banks, brokerage houses, other institutions, nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding proxy materials
to and obtaining proxies from their principals. FBR has retained D.F. King & Co. to assist in the solicitation of proxies, which firm
will, by agreement, receive compensation of $10,000, plus expenses, for these services.

Delivery of Proxy Materials to Stockholders Sharing an Address

As permitted by the Exchange Act, only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus is being delivered to multiple
shareholders of FBR sharing an address unless FBR has previously received contrary instructions from one or more such shareholders.
This is referred to as “householding.” Householding provides greater convenience to shareholders and saves FBR money by reducing
excess printing costs. Shareholders who hold shares in “street name” can request further information on householding through their
banks, brokers or other holders of record. On written or oral request to FBR’s proxy solicitor, D.F. King & Co., Inc., 48 Wall Street,
New York, New York 10005, D.F. King & Co. will deliver promptly a separate copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to a
shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the document was delivered, or will deliver a single copy of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to shareholders at a shared address to which multiple copies of the document was delivered.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card, have questions regarding FBR’s special meeting, or would like additional
copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, please contact Investor Relations at (703) 312-9715 or FBR’s proxy solicitor, D.F.
King & Co., Inc., 48 Wall Street, New York, New York 10005, toll-free at (866) 620-0678.
 

-43-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 56/95

Table of Contents

FBR PROPOSALS

FBR Merger Proposal

As discussed throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, FBR is asking its shareholders to approve the FBR merger
proposal. FBR shareholders should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully in its entirety, including the appendices, for
more detailed information concerning the merger agreement and the merger. In particular, FBR shareholders are directed to the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

After careful consideration, the FBR board of directors, by a unanimous vote of all directors, approved the merger agreement and
declared the merger agreement to be advisable and in the best interests of FBR and the shareholders of FBR. See “The Merger—
Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” included elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus for a more detailed discussion of the FBR board of directors’ recommendation. Accordingly, the FBR board of
directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the FBR merger proposal.

Merger-Related Named Executive Officer Compensation Proposal

FBR is asking its shareholders to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation that may be paid or become
payable to FBR’s named executive officers in connection with the merger, and the agreements and understandings pursuant to which
such compensation may be paid or become payable, discussed under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of FBR’s Directors
and Executive Officers in the Merger.” This proposal, commonly referred to as the “say-on-golden-parachute” vote, is required by the
Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010. In accordance with Rule 14a-21(a) of the Exchange Act, FBR
is asking its shareholders to approve the following advisory resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the compensation that may be paid or become payable to FBR’s named executive officers, in
connection with the merger, and the agreements or understandings pursuant to which such compensation may be paid or
become payable, as disclosed pursuant to the compensation disclosure rules of the SEC in ‘The Merger—Interests of FBR’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger,’ is hereby APPROVED.”

The vote on this proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote to approve the merger agreement. Accordingly, you may vote
not to approve this proposal on merger-related named executive officer compensation and vote to approve the merger agreement and
vice versa. You also may abstain from this proposal and vote on the FBR merger proposal, or vice versa. Because the vote is advisory
in nature, it will not be binding on FBR or B. Riley, regardless of whether the merger agreement is approved. Approval of the advisory
(non-binding) proposal with respect to the compensation that may be paid or become payable to FBR’s named executive officers in
connection with the merger is not a condition to completion of the merger, and failure to approve this advisory matter will have no
effect on the vote to approve the merger agreement.

The FBR board of directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the merger-related named executive officer
compensation proposal.

FBR Adjournment Proposal

The FBR special meeting may be adjourned to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if
there are insufficient votes at the time of the FBR special meeting to approve the FBR merger proposal or in the absence of a quorum.

If, at the FBR special meeting, a quorum is not present or the number of FBR common shares present or represented and voting in
favor of the FBR merger proposal is insufficient to approve the FBR merger proposal,
 

-44-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 57/95

Table of Contents

FBR intends to move to adjourn the FBR special meeting in order to enable the FBR board of directors to solicit additional proxies. In
that event, if the chairman of the FBR special meeting does not adjourn for the absence of a quorum, FBR will ask its shareholders to
vote only upon the FBR adjournment proposal, and not the FBR merger proposal.

In this proposal, FBR is asking its shareholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by the FBR board of directors to
vote in favor of granting discretionary authority to the proxy holders, and each of them individually, to adjourn the FBR special
meeting to another time and place for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies. If the FBR shareholders approve the FBR
adjournment proposal, FBR could adjourn the FBR special meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies, including
the solicitation of proxies from FBR shareholders who have previously voted.

The FBR board of directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the FBR adjournment proposal.

Other Matters to Come Before the FBR Special Meeting

No other matters are intended to be brought before the FBR special meeting by FBR, and FBR does not know of any matters to be
brought before the FBR special meeting by others. If, however, any other matters properly come before the FBR special meeting, the
persons named in the proxy will vote the shares represented thereby in accordance with the judgment of management on any such
matter.
 

-45-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 58/95

Table of Contents

B. RILEY ANNUAL MEETING

Date, Time and Place

The annual meeting of stockholders of B. Riley will be held at the offices of B. Riley’s subsidiary, B. Riley & Co., LLC, located
at 11100 Santa Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on June 1, 2017.

Purpose

At the B. Riley annual meeting, stockholders of B. Riley will be asked to consider and vote upon:
 

 •  a proposal to approve the issuance of B. Riley common shares in the merger;
 

 
•  a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the B. Riley annual meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including

adjournments to solicit additional proxies in favor of the B. Riley share issuance proposal;
 

 
•  a proposal to elect seven (7) directors to hold office for a one-year term to expire at B. Riley’s 2018 Annual Meeting of the

Stockholders or until their successors are elected and duly qualified;
 

 
•  a proposal to ratify the selection of Marcum, LLP as B. Riley’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal

year ending December 31, 2017; and
 

 •  such other business as may properly come before the B. Riley annual meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors

The B. Riley board of directors unanimously recommends that B. Riley stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the B. Riley
share issuance proposal, “FOR” approval of the B. Riley adjournment proposal, “FOR” the election of the B. Riley directors and
“FOR” the B. Riley accounting firm ratification proposal. See “The Merger—Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors
and Reasons for the Merger” included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a more detailed discussion of the B. Riley
board of directors’ recommendation of the B. Riley share issuance proposal.

Record Date and Quorum

The B. Riley board of directors has fixed April 27, 2017, as the record date for determining the B. Riley stockholders entitled to
notice of and to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting, and only B. Riley stockholders of record on the record date are entitled to vote at
the B. Riley annual meeting. At the close of business on April 27, 2017, there were 19,465,492 B. Riley common shares issued and
outstanding, held by approximately 110 B. Riley stockholders of record. B. Riley stockholders of record on the record date are entitled
to one vote per share on all matters properly before the B. Riley annual meeting.

The representation (in person or by proxy) of holders of at least a majority in voting power of all issued and outstanding B. Riley
common shares entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting constitutes a quorum for action at the B. Riley annual meeting. All
B. Riley common shares present in person or represented by proxy, including abstentions, will be treated as present for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for all matters voted on at the B. Riley annual meeting. In the event that a quorum is
not present at the B. Riley annual meeting, the B. Riley annual meeting and any adjourned or postponed session of the B. Riley annual
meeting may be adjourned or postponed to solicit additional proxies. Pursuant to the B. Riley bylaws, in a situation in which a quorum
is not present or represented at the B. Riley annual meeting, the B. Riley annual meeting may be adjourned by the chairman of the B.
Riley annual meeting or by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of B. Riley common shares represented either in person or by
proxy at the B. Riley annual meeting.
 

-46-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 59/95

Table of Contents

Required Vote

B. Riley Share Issuance Proposal

In accordance with the B. Riley bylaws, approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of holders
of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley
share issuance proposal at the B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present.

Each of the directors and executive officers of B. Riley has agreed to vote all shares held or controlled by him or her in favor of
approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal. As of the record date for the B. Riley annual meeting, a total of 5,432,500 outstanding
shares, or 27.9% of the outstanding B. Riley common shares, are covered by the B. Riley voting agreements. See “Voting
Agreements.”

B. Riley Adjournment Proposal

In accordance with the B. Riley bylaws, approval of the B. Riley adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of holders of
a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares present in person or represented by proxy at the B. Riley annual meeting and
entitled to vote at the B. Riley annual meeting, whether or not a quorum is present.

B. Riley Election of Directors Proposal

In accordance with the B. Riley bylaws, the affirmative vote of a plurality of the votes cast in favor of each director at the
B. Riley annual meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve the election of each such director.

B. Riley Accounting Firm Ratification Proposal

In accordance with the B. Riley bylaws, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding B. Riley common shares
present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the B. Riley accounting firm ratification proposal at the B. Riley
annual meeting at which a quorum is present is required to approve the B. Riley accounting firm ratification proposal.

Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

If you are a holder of B. Riley common shares and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, it will have
no effect on the B. Riley share issuance proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a vote against the B.
Riley share issuance proposal, assuming a quorum is present. If you are a holder of B. Riley common shares and you fail to vote or fail
to instruct your broker or nominee to vote, or vote to abstain from voting, it will have no effect on the election of the B. Riley directors,
assuming a quorum is present. If you are a holder of B. Riley common shares and you fail to vote or fail to instruct your broker or
nominee to vote, it will have no effect on the B. Riley adjournment proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same
effect as a vote against the B. Riley adjournment proposal. If you are a holder of B. Riley common shares and you fail to vote or fail to
instruct your broker or nominee to vote, your broker or nominee is entitled to vote your shares in respect of the B. Riley accounting
firm ratification proposal; however, if you vote to abstain, it will have the same effect as a vote against the B. Riley accounting firm
ratification proposal.
 

-47-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 60/95

Table of Contents

How to Vote

If you own B. Riley common shares in your own name, you are an “owner of record.” This means that you may use the enclosed
proxy card(s) to tell the persons named as proxies how to vote your B. Riley common shares. An owner of record has four voting
options:

Internet

You can vote over the Internet by accessing http://www.AALvote.com/RILY. Internet voting is available 24 hours a day. Have
your proxy card in hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to vote.

Telephone

You can vote on any touch-tone telephone by calling 1 (866) 804-9616. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day. Have your
proxy card in hand when you call and follow the instructions to vote.

Mail

You can vote by mail by completing, signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included with
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. If a proxy card is returned without an indication as to how the B. Riley common shares are to be
voted with regard to a particular proposal, such B. Riley common shares will be voted in favor of each such proposal.

In Person

You may attend the B. Riley annual meeting and cast your vote in person. The B. Riley board of directors recommends that you
vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the B. Riley annual meeting.

The Internet and telephone proxy procedures are designed to authenticate stockholder identification, to allow stockholders to give
their proxy voting instructions and to confirm that these instructions have been properly recorded. Directing the voting of your B. Riley
common shares will not affect your right to vote in person if you decide to attend the B. Riley annual meeting.

Shares Held in Street Name

If your shares are held in “street name” in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other nominee, you must provide the record
holder of your shares with instructions on how to vote your shares. Please follow the voting instructions provided by your bank or
broker. Please note that you may not vote shares held in street name by returning a proxy card directly to B. Riley or by voting in
person at the B. Riley annual meeting unless you provide a “legal proxy,” which you must obtain from your broker, bank or other
nominee.

Brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares in street name for a beneficial owner typically have the authority to vote in
their discretion on “routine” proposals, such as the B. Riley accounting firm ratification proposal, when they have not received
instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers, banks or other nominees are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion on
matters that are determined to be “non-routine” matters, such as the approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal, the B. Riley
adjournment proposal and the election of the B. Riley directors. Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee
that are represented at the applicable shareholders meeting but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is not instructed
by the beneficial owner of such shares to vote on the particular proposal and the broker, bank or other nominee does not have
discretionary voting power on such proposal.

B. Riley does not expect to bring any matters before the B. Riley annual meeting other than the proposals set forth in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. If you are a B. Riley stockholder, and you do not instruct your
 

-48-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 61/95

Table of Contents

broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares, your broker, bank or other nominee may not vote your shares on the
B. Riley share issuance proposal, the B. Riley adjournment proposal or the election of the B. Riley directors, which broker non-votes
will have no effect on the vote on these proposals. Broker non-votes will not result from the B. Riley accounting firm ratification
proposal.

Revoking Your Proxy

You may revoke your proxy at any time after you give it, and before it is voted, in one of the following ways:
 

 
•  by writing, delivered to B. Riley’s Corporate Secretary at 21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California

91367, stating that you are revoking your proxy by written notice that bears a date later than the date of your proxy and that
B. Riley receives prior to the B. Riley annual meeting and that states that you revoke your proxy;

 

 •  by voting again using the telephone or Internet voting procedures;
 

 
•  by signing another B. Riley proxy card bearing a later date and mailing it so that B. Riley receives it prior to the B. Riley

annual meeting; or
 

 
•  by attending the B. Riley annual meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the B. Riley annual meeting alone will

not, by itself, revoke a proxy.

If you choose the first method, you must take the described action no later than the beginning of the B. Riley annual meeting. If
you choose the second method, you must take the described action no later than 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on the day before the B.
Riley annual meeting. If you choose to send a completed proxy card bearing a later date than your original proxy card, the new proxy
card must be received before the beginning of the B. Riley annual meeting.

If your broker, bank or other nominee holds your shares in street name, you will need to contact your broker, bank or other
nominee to revoke your voting instructions.

Attending the B.  Riley Annual Meeting

The B. Riley annual meeting will be held at the offices of B. Riley’s subsidiary, B. Riley & Co., LLC, located at 11100 Santa
Monica Blvd., Suite 800, Los Angeles, California 90025, at 8:00 a.m., Pacific Time, on June 1, 2017. Subject to space availability, all
stockholders of B. Riley as of the B. Riley record date, or their duly appointed proxies, may attend the B. Riley annual meeting.

Please bring proper identification, together with proof that you are a record owner of B. Riley common shares. If your shares are
held in street name, please bring acceptable proof of ownership, such as a letter from your broker or an account statement showing that
you beneficially owned B. Riley common shares on the record date. You should also bring valid picture identification.

Solicitation of Proxies

B. Riley is soliciting proxies for the B. Riley annual meeting on behalf of the B. Riley board of directors. B. Riley will bear the
cost of soliciting proxies from its stockholders. In addition to using the mails, B. Riley may solicit proxies by personal interview,
telephone and facsimile. Banks, brokerage houses, other institutions, nominees and fiduciaries will be requested to forward their proxy
soliciting material to their principals and obtain authorization for the execution of proxies. B. Riley does not expect to pay any
compensation for the solicitation of proxies. However, B. Riley will, upon request, pay the standard charges and expenses of banks,
brokerage houses, other institutions, nominees and fiduciaries for forwarding proxy materials to and obtaining proxies from their
principals.
 

-49-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 62/95

Table of Contents

Delivery of Proxy Materials to Stockholders Sharing an Address

As permitted by the Exchange Act, only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus is being delivered to multiple B. Riley
stockholders sharing an address unless B. Riley has previously received contrary instructions from one or more such stockholders. This
is referred to as “householding.” Householding provides greater convenience to stockholders and saves B. Riley money by reducing
excess printing costs. Stockholders who hold shares in “street name” can request further information on householding through their
banks, brokers or other holders of record. On written or oral request to B. Riley’s Corporate Secretary at 21255 Burbank Boulevard,
Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California 91367, Telephone No. (818) 884-3737, B. Riley will deliver promptly a separate copy of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus to a shareholder at a shared address to which a single copy of the document was delivered, or will
deliver a single copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to shareholders at a shared address to which multiple copies of the
document was delivered.

Other Matters to Come Before the B. Riley Annual Meeting

No other matters are intended to be brought before the B. Riley annual meeting by B. Riley, and B. Riley does not know of any
matters to be brought before the B. Riley annual meeting by others. If, however, any other matters properly come before the B. Riley
annual meeting, the persons named in the proxy will vote the shares represented thereby in accordance with the judgment of
management on any such matter.

IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE 2017 ANNUAL
MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON JUNE 1, 2017

Copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and B. Riley’s 2016 Annual Report to stockholders are available online at:
http://www.viewproxy.com/brileyfin/2017/.
 

-50-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 63/95

Table of Contents

B. RILEY MERGER-RELATED PROPOSALS

B. Riley Share Issuance Proposal

As discussed throughout this joint proxy statement/prospectus, B. Riley is asking its stockholders to approve the issuance of
B. Riley common shares in connection with the merger. B. Riley stockholders should carefully read this joint proxy
statement/prospectus in its entirety, including the appendices, for more detailed information concerning the merger agreement and the
merger. In particular, B. Riley stockholders are directed to the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The B. Riley board of directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the B. Riley share issuance proposal.

B. Riley Adjournment Proposal

The B. Riley annual meeting may be adjourned to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if
there are insufficient votes at the time of the B. Riley annual meeting to approve the B. Riley share issuance proposal or in the absence
of a quorum.

If, at the B. Riley annual meeting, a quorum is not present or the number of B. Riley common shares present or represented and
voting in favor of the B. Riley share issuance proposal is insufficient to approve the B. Riley share issuance proposal, B. Riley intends
to move to adjourn the B. Riley annual meeting in order to enable the B. Riley board of directors to solicit additional proxies. In that
event, if the chairman of the B. Riley annual meeting does not adjourn for the absence of a quorum, B. Riley will ask its stockholders
to vote only upon the B. Riley adjournment proposal, and not the B. Riley share issue proposal.

In this proposal, B. Riley is asking its stockholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by the B. Riley board of
directors to vote in favor of granting discretionary authority to the proxy holders, and each of them individually, to adjourn the B. Riley
annual meeting to another time and place for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies. If the B. Riley stockholders approve the
B. Riley adjournment proposal, B. Riley could adjourn the B. Riley annual meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional
proxies, including the solicitation of proxies from B. Riley stockholders who have previously voted.

The B. Riley board of directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the B. Riley adjournment proposal.
 

-51-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 64/95

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT THE PARTIES

FBR & Co.

1300 North Seventeenth Street
Arlington, Virginia 22209
(703) 312-9500

FBR is a full-service investment banking and institutional brokerage firm with a deep expertise and focus on the equity capital
markets. Since the founding of certain predecessor companies, FBR has grown from a boutique investment bank with primary
expertise in financial institutions into a full-service U.S. investment bank for middle-market companies.

Through the FBR broker-dealer subsidiaries, FBR has focused its business on providing:
 

 •  capital raising services, including underwriting and placement of public and private equity, equity-linked and debt securities;
 

 
•  financial advisory services, including merger and acquisition advisory, restructuring, liability management, recapitalization

and strategic alternative analysis;
 

 •  institutional sales and trading services focused on equity securities, as well as securities lending activities; and
 

 
•  differentiated securities research focused on the core issues driving performance of FBR’s covered companies and industry

sectors.

FBR focuses its capital markets business (investment banking and institutional brokerage) in the following industry sectors—
consumer, energy and natural resources, financial institutions, healthcare, industrials, insurance, real estate, and technology, media and
telecommunications. Approximately 70% of the companies included in the S&P 500 Index conduct business in the industry sectors in
which FBR focuses. FBR also makes principal investments, including merchant banking investments, with its own capital.

FBR is a Virginia corporation formed in June 2006 and headquartered in Arlington, Virginia and also has offices in Boston,
Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles, New York and San Francisco. The address of FBR’s principal executive offices is 1300 North
Seventeenth Street, Arlington, Virginia 22209. FBR’s telephone number is (703) 312-9500.

FBR common shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “FBRC.” Additional information about FBR and its subsidiaries is
included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see the sections entitled “Documents
Incorporated by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information.”

B. Riley Financial, Inc.

21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400
Woodland Hills, California 91367
(818) 884-3737

B. Riley Financial, Inc. and its subsidiaries provide collaborative financial services and solutions through a number of its
subsidiaries and, following the acquisition of United Online, Inc. on July 1, 2016, B. Riley provides consumer services and products
over the Internet. B. Riley & Co., LLC is a leading investment bank which provides corporate finance, research, and sales and trading
to corporate, institutional and high net worth individual clients. Great American Group, LLC is a leading provider of advisory and
valuation services, and asset
 

-52-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 65/95

Table of Contents

disposition and auction solutions to a wide range of retail, wholesale and industrial clients, as well as lenders, capital providers, private
equity investors and professional service firms. B. Riley Capital Management, LLC is an SEC registered investment advisor, which
includes B. Riley Asset Management, a provider of investment products to institutional and high net worth investors, and B. Riley
Wealth Management (formerly MK Capital Advisors), a multi-family office practice and wealth management firm focused on the
needs of ultra-high net worth individuals and families; and Great American Capital Partners, LLC, a provider of senior secured loans
and second lien secured loan facilities to middle market public and private U.S. companies. United Online Inc. provides Internet access
services and devices under the NetZero and Juno brands primarily in the United States.

B. Riley is headquartered in Los Angeles, California, with offices in New York, Boston, Chicago, Charlotte, Dallas, San
Francisco and other cities throughout the United States, Australia and Europe. B. Riley’s principal executive offices are located at
21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400, Woodland Hills, California 91367. B. Riley’s telephone number is (818) 884-3737.

B. Riley common shares are listed on Nasdaq under the symbol “RILY.” Additional information about B. Riley and its
subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Please see the sections entitled
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” and “Where You Can Find More Information.”

BRC Merger Sub, LLC

c/o B. Riley Financial, Inc.
21255 Burbank Boulevard, Suite 400
Woodland Hills, California 91367
(818) 884-3737

Merger sub, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of B. Riley & Co., LLC, a wholly owned
subsidiary of B. Riley, was formed solely for the purpose of facilitating the merger. Merger sub has not carried on any activities or
operations to date, except for those activities incidental to its formation and undertaken in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. By operation of the merger, FBR will be merged with and into merger sub, with merger sub
surviving the merger.
 

-53-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 66/95

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

The following is a discussion of the merger and the material terms of the merger agreement between B. Riley and FBR. You are
urged to read carefully the merger agreement in its entirety, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this document and
incorporated by reference herein. This summary may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to
you. Factual information about B. Riley and FBR can be found elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the public
filings B. Riley and FBR make with the SEC, as described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information.”

Terms of the Merger

Transaction Structure

Each of B. Riley’s and FBR’s respective boards of directors has unanimously approved the merger agreement. The merger
agreement provides that, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, at the effective time, FBR will
merge with and into merger sub, which is a wholly owned, limited liability company subsidiary of B. Riley that is disregarded from
B. Riley for U.S. federal income tax purposes, with merger sub continuing as the surviving company.

Merger Consideration

In the merger, each FBR common share, excluding certain specified shares, will be converted into and become exchangeable for
0.671 of a B. Riley common share. For each fractional B. Riley common share that would otherwise be issued, B. Riley will pay cash
in an amount equal to the fraction of a B. Riley common share (rounded to the nearest thousandth when expressed in decimal form)
which the holder would otherwise be entitled to receive multiplied by the average of the per share closing prices of the B. Riley
common shares on Nasdaq (as reported in The Wall Street Journal (Northeast edition) or, if not reported thereby, another authoritative
source) for 20 full trading days ending on the fifth business day prior to the closing date of the merger.

The value of the B. Riley common shares to be received by FBR shareholders in the merger may vary from the value as of
the date B. Riley and FBR announced the merger, the date that this joint proxy statement/prospectus was mailed to FBR
shareholders, and the date of the meeting of FBR shareholders. Any change in the market price of B. Riley common shares
prior to completion of the merger will affect the value of the merger consideration that FBR shareholders will receive upon
completion of the merger. Accordingly, at the time of the FBR special meeting, FBR shareholders will not know or be able to
calculate the value of the per share consideration they would receive upon completion of the merger. B. Riley common shares
are traded on Nasdaq under the trading symbol “RILY” and we encourage you to obtain quotes for B. Riley common shares,
given that part of the merger consideration is payable in B. Riley common shares.

Pre-Closing Dividend

The merger agreement provides that prior to the closing, but not earlier than the 15th day prior to the anticipated closing, the FBR
board of directors may declare and cause FBR to pay a cash dividend of up to and including $8.50 per FBR common share to the FBR
shareholders if, after giving effect to such pre-closing dividend, FBR will have remaining at least $33,500,000 in cash and cash
equivalents and certain financial instruments (subject to certain adjustments), plus any amounts necessary to pay any accrued
transaction expenses, which we refer to as the minimum cash and financial instrument amount. The per share amount of the pre-closing
dividend may be increased if cash and cash equivalents and certain financial instruments (subject to certain adjustments) are in excess
of $5,000,000 above the minimum cash and financial instrument amount. For additional information on the availability and size of the
pre-closing dividend, see “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.”
 

-54-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 67/95

Table of Contents

In determining that the merger agreement was advisable and in the best interests of FBR and its shareholders, and resolving to
recommend that FBR shareholders vote in favor of the merger proposal, the FBR board of directors was aware of and considered,
among other matters, the possibility that the actual value of the pre-closing dividend could be less than $8.50 per FBR common share
or not paid at all. For more information about these deliberations, please see the section entitled “The Merger—Background of the
Merger.” The FBR board of directors also took into account, in resolving to recommend the approval of the merger proposal to FBR
shareholders, the fact that Berkshire Capital’s written opinion, dated as of February 17, 2017, was based on various assumptions that
could vary between the time that Berkshire Capital rendered its oral opinion and the effective time of the merger, including the
assumption that FBR shareholders would receive a pre-closing dividend of $8.50 per FBR common share. For more information about
the factors that the FBR board of directors considered in determining to enter into the merger agreement and to recommend that the
FBR shareholders approve the merger proposal, please see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendations of the FBR Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger,” and for additional information regarding the risks related to the amount of the pre-closing
dividend, please see the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Merger and B. Riley’s Business Upon Completion of the
Merger.”

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, FBR expects the pre-closing dividend on a per share basis to be in a range
of $7.50 to $8.00. But, because the amount of cash available to FBR to pay the pre-closing dividend fluctuates and is subject to the
minimum cash and financial instrument amount, and because the pre-closing dividend will not be declared earlier than the 15th day
prior to the anticipated closing, the actual amount of the pre-closing dividend that will be paid to FBR shareholders is uncertain as of
the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and may be more than $8.00 or less than $7.50. For information about the risks related
to the amount of the pre-closing dividend, please see the section entitled “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to the Merger and B. Riley’s
Business Upon Completion of the Merger.”

However, FBR will provide its shareholders with an update regarding the estimated amount of the pre-closing dividend prior to
the FBR special meeting. In all cases, FBR will provide its shareholders with an estimate of the pre-closing dividend at least 10
calendar days prior to the date of the FBR special meeting.

Currently, FBR anticipates that the closing of the merger will occur shortly following the FBR special meeting, and therefore
expects that the FBR board of directors will declare the pre-closing dividend in advance of the FBR special meeting as well. Pursuant
to the terms of the merger agreement, FBR will provide B. Riley with an estimate of the amount of the pre-closing dividend at least
five business days in advance of the declaration of the pre-closing dividend. FBR will also make a public announcement with respect to
such estimate. The parties expect to announce the estimated dividend amount approximately two and a half weeks before the date of
the FBR special meeting. FBR then intends to set a record date for the pre-closing dividend and declare the pre-closing dividend
approximately 10 calendar days in advance of the FBR special meeting, subject to the approval of the B. Riley share issuance proposal
by the B. Riley stockholders, the approval of the FBR merger proposal by the FBR shareholders and FBR having at least the minimum
cash and financial instrument amount after giving effect to the pre-closing dividend. To the extent practicable, the payment date for the
pre-closing dividend will be the close of business on the last business day prior to the closing of the merger.

Only FBR shareholders who hold FBR common shares as of the record date for the pre-closing dividend will be entitled to
receive payment of the pre-closing dividend. If you sell your FBR common shares before the record date for the pre-closing dividend,
you will not be entitled to receive the pre-closing dividend. If you hold FBR common shares on the record date for the pre-closing
dividend and decide to sell them on or before the date of the distribution of the pre-closing dividend, you may choose to sell your FBR
common shares with or without your entitlement to the pre-closing dividend. You should discuss these options with your bank, broker
or other nominee.
 

-55-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 68/95

Table of Contents

Background of the Merger

The FBR board of directors reviews, with management, its business strategies, opportunities and challenges as part of its
consideration and evaluation of its long-term prospects in light of developments in its business, in the sectors in which it competes, in
the economy generally and in financial markets, with the goal of enhancing value for its shareholders. The senior management of FBR,
including Mr. Hendrix, the Chief Executive Officer of FBR and Chairman of the FBR board of directors, and Mr. Wright, the Chief
Financial Officer of FBR, has also at times presented and discussed with the FBR board of directors or individual board members
various potential strategic alternatives involving possible acquisitions or business combinations that could complement and enhance the
competitive strengths and strategic positions of FBR. From time to time, FBR has had discussions about these matters with its outside
advisors, including Berkshire Capital. These discussions have included a review of investment banking and institutional brokerage
markets, as well as industry trends and developments in mergers and acquisitions and the regulatory environment.

The B. Riley board of directors and management of B. Riley regularly discuss industry developments in respect of B. Riley’s
various lines of business, and continuously evaluate ways in which to enhance B. Riley’s results of operations and competitive position
in each of these lines of business through various transactions, including acquisitions, consistent with B. Riley’s strategic objectives.
Members of the management of B. Riley have been familiar with FBR and its management for a number of years, and have, from time
to time, considered a potential transaction involving FBR, among other alternatives, in the course of their regular discussions.

In the second half of 2016, FBR began to evaluate potential strategic opportunities. FBR retained Berkshire Capital to act as its
financial advisor in connection with an exploration of possible strategic opportunities based on, among other factors, Berkshire
Capital’s reputation, experience in mergers and acquisitions, valuations, financing and capital markets and its familiarity with FBR,
FBR’s strategic goals and the industries in which FBR competes. After a discussion and review of potential strategic opportunities with
representatives of Berkshire Capital, FBR entered into confidentiality agreements, including a confidentiality agreement, dated as of
September 29, 2016, between FBR and B. Riley, with a number of industry participants to discuss various potential strategic
opportunities and engaged in informal discussions about potential strategic opportunities with various industry participants. Each of the
industry participants and FBR considered the potential value that could be created by combining their businesses. Mr. Hendrix and Mr.
Wright also met with representatives of several industry participants, including B. Riley, and provided financial due diligence
information with respect to FBR. During this period, management of B. Riley would periodically update the B. Riley board of directors
as to its due diligence with respect to FBR. Mr. Hendrix and Mr. Wright also reported on these early-stage discussions to members of
the FBR board of directors. After considering the possibility of combining their respective businesses and conducting initial due
diligence, FBR and the industry participants (other than the industry participant discussed below but including B. Riley) determined
that it would not be in the best interests of their respective companies and shareholders to proceed with a transaction at that time. The
discussions with B. Riley did not progress further until January 2017.

As a result of the exploration of strategic opportunities, in late 2016, the FBR board of directors and FBR’s senior managers,
including Mr. Hendrix and Mr. Wright, began discussing a potential strategic acquisition of another industry participant. In December
2016 through the beginning of January 2017, Mr. Hendrix and Mr. Wright and the industry participant began negotiating terms under
which FBR would acquire the other industry participant.

In the middle of January 2017, Mr. Riley, the Chief Executive Officer of B. Riley and Chairman of the B. Riley board of
directors, informed Mr. Hendrix that he would be interested in meeting again and the two of them met for an informal breakfast on
January 25, 2017. On January 31, 2017, Mr. Riley notified Mr. Hendrix that Mr. Riley was interested in recommencing transaction
discussions. Mr. Riley and Mr. Hendrix then met in early February 2017 and discussed the possibility of executing a strategic
combination between B. Riley and FBR. Following these discussions, FBR and B. Riley exchanged information about their respective
businesses.
 

-56-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 69/95

Table of Contents

On February 6, 2017, Mr. Riley sent Mr. Hendrix an informal note outlining B. Riley’s interest in a strategic combination with
FBR. The note, among other matters, proposed an acquisition of 100% of the FBR common shares and other equity interests for $140
million, which would consist of $80.5 million of B. Riley common shares and a $59.5 million pre-closing cash dividend. Mr. Riley and
Mr. Hendrix discussed the proposal.

On February 8, 2017, Mr. Riley sent Mr. Hendrix a letter outlining B. Riley’s revised proposal. The letter, among other matters,
proposed an acquisition of 100% of FBR common shares and other equity interests for $148 million, which would consist of $90
million of B. Riley common shares and a $58 million pre-closing cash dividend.

On February 9, 2017, the FBR board of directors (including Mr. Hendrix) reviewed B. Riley’s proposal with Mr. Wright and
Mr. Beske, the General Counsel of FBR and representatives of Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz, which we refer to as Wachtell Lipton,
and Berkshire Capital. Representatives of Wachtell Lipton reviewed with the FBR board of directors the applicable legal standards in
connection with a possible transaction. As part of those discussions, representatives of Berkshire Capital discussed the operating
environment faced by FBR and similarly situated financial institutions as well as the potential benefits associated with a potential
acquisition versus FBR’s current standalone strategic plan. The FBR board of directors then authorized management and
representatives from Wachtell Lipton and Berkshire Capital to discuss a potential transaction with B. Riley and to continue working on
the potential acquisition of the other industry participant.

Over the next few days, Mr. Hendrix, Mr. Wright, Mr. Riley and Tom Kelleher, the President of B. Riley, met in-person to discuss
B. Riley’s proposal in more detail. Over the course of the next week, FBR and B. Riley continued to undertake their respective due
diligence investigations of the other party’s business. Each party made available to the other party certain due diligence materials and
participated in due diligence meetings. B. Riley’s outside legal advisor, Sullivan and Cromwell LLP, which we refer to as Sullivan &
Cromwell, also sent Wachtell Lipton an initial draft merger agreement for the proposed transaction.

On February 13, 2017, at a special meeting of the FBR board of directors, Mr. Hendrix provided an update on the discussions that
it had with Mr. Riley and the negotiations with respect to the potential acquisition of another industry participant. Representatives of
Wachtell Lipton provided an overview of the material terms of the draft merger agreement for the proposed transaction with B. Riley.
The FBR board of directors evaluated the potential risks and benefits of a potential acquisition of the other industry participant and the
strategic combination with B. Riley. The FBR board of directors instructed management and its advisors to continue exploring both
potential strategic transactions.

On February 14, 2017, at a special meeting of the FBR board of directors, Mr. Hendrix outlined B. Riley’s current proposal,
which was an acquisition of FBR for approximately $20.00 per FBR common share, consisting of $11.50 of B. Riley common shares
based on an exchange ratio to be fixed at signing and an anticipated pre-closing cash dividend of $8.50 per FBR common share, with
the potential for the pre-closing dividend to be increased based on the value of cash and certain financial instruments on FBR’s balance
sheet at closing. See “The Merger Agreement—Pre-Closing Dividend.” Representatives of Wachtell Lipton updated the FBR board of
directors with respect to the negotiations of the draft merger agreement and discussed the proposed voting agreements. Representatives
of Berkshire Capital discussed the potential alternatives that FBR had explored, including the discussions that had taken place with
other industry participants earlier in the year, the financial aspects of the proposed combination transaction with B. Riley and other
financial due diligence. In the course of its discussions, the FBR board of directors also considered other potential strategic partners
identified by Berkshire Capital and the results of the due diligence efforts undertaken on B. Riley. Based on all of these considerations,
the FBR board of directors directed management and its advisors to work toward finalizing a transaction with B. Riley, subject to final
approval by the FBR board of directors, in view of the substantial benefits and synergies potentially available for the combined
company.
 

-57-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 70/95

Table of Contents

Also during this time period, Wachtell Lipton exchanged drafts of the merger agreement with Sullivan & Cromwell in order to
finalize the terms and conditions of the transaction, while representatives of FBR and B. Riley continued to undertake their respective
due diligence efforts. Mr. Hendrix, Mr. Wright, Mr. Riley and Mr. Kelleher also continued to discuss the potential benefits of and
related matters regarding the combination transaction.

On February 17, 2017, the FBR board of directors held a special meeting, which was attended by Mr. Wright, Mr. Beske,
Mr. Kenneth Slosser, Head of Investment Banking and Mr. Adam Fishman, Head of Institutional Brokerage, and representatives of
Berkshire Capital and Wachtell Lipton. Mr. Hendrix discussed with the FBR board of directors the terms of B. Riley’s final proposal
and noted that B. Riley was prepared to execute the transaction on the terms described to the FBR board of directors, subject to
Mr. Hendrix entering into an employment agreement with B. Riley concurrently with the signing of the other transaction documents.
B. Riley had confirmed that it was prepared to acquire FBR for approximately $20.16 per FBR common share (based on the closing
price of B. Riley common shares on February 16, 2017 and an estimated exchange ratio of 0.672), which would consist of
approximately $11.66 of B. Riley common shares based on an exchange ratio fixed at signing and an anticipated pre-closing cash
dividend of $8.50 per FBR common share. Representatives from Wachtell Lipton also reviewed with the FBR board of directors the
legal principles and standards applicable to its consideration of the proposed transactions, the proposed merger agreement as well as the
proposed post-merger arrangements between Mr. Hendrix and B. Riley, and the conduct of the process that the FBR board of directors
had undertaken to date. Representatives of Wachtell Lipton also summarized the proposed merger agreement, voting agreements
(including the obligations of the directors and senior management thereunder) and the employment agreement, and responded to
questions from the FBR board of directors with respect to these transaction documents and the structure of the transaction.
Representatives of Wachtell Lipton and the FBR board of directors also discussed the provisions of the merger agreement relating to
the calculation of the pre-closing dividend in detail.

The FBR board of directors then reviewed with the representatives of Berkshire Capital the financial aspects of the potential
combination transaction and valuation information, as more fully described below in “The Merger—Opinion of FBR’s Financial
Advisor,” including the market history and liquidity of FBR common shares and B. Riley common shares. An extensive discussion
about the potential combination transaction then ensued among the FBR board of directors. During the course of that discussion, the
FBR board of directors received input from Wachtell Lipton, Berkshire Capital and FBR management on various aspects of the
proposed combination transaction and engaged in a lengthy discussion with respect to the risks and benefits of B. Riley’s proposal
compared to FBR’s standalone strategy and the structure of the transaction consideration. In addition, the FBR board of directors, with
input from Mr. Hendrix and Mr. Wright, discussed the nature of the consideration to be received by FBR shareholders, including
management’s estimate that the pre-closing dividend would be equal to $8.50 per FBR common share at the effective time. The FBR
board of directors considered that the value of the merger consideration, which would be fixed at signing, would fluctuate based on the
value of B. Riley’s common shares, and that the actual value of the pre-closing dividend would depend on FBR’s financial performance
between the execution of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger. The FBR board of directors weighed the potential
risks related to the decrease in the merger consideration based on B. Riley’s share price and the decrease of the pre-closing dividend
based on FBR’s performance against the potential benefits of the merger to FBR shareholders, including the expectation that the
combined company would have a broad and diversified revenue base and, as a result, less volatility and greater prospects. The FBR
board of directors determined that, based on the information presented and available to it at this and prior meetings and based on its
discussions with management at this and prior meetings, that the benefits of a combined business, which FBR’s shareholders would be
able to continue to participate in as shareholders of the combined company, outweighed the potential risk that the merger consideration
would materially decrease prior to the effective time of the merger and/or that the pre-closing dividend would substantially decrease or
not become payable at all. Following that discussion, representatives of Berkshire Capital rendered its oral opinion, which was
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated February 17, 2017, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to
various assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, including the
 

-58-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 71/95

Table of Contents

assumption that the value of the pre-closing dividend would be equal to $8.50 per share, the merger consideration and the pre-closing
dividend provided for in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to FBR shareholders, as more fully described below under
the heading “The Merger—Opinion of FBR’s Financial Advisor.”

Following these discussions, and review and discussion among the members of the FBR board of directors, including
consideration of the factors described under “The Merger—Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the
Merger,” the FBR board of directors determined that the original merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the original
merger agreement were advisable and in the best interest of FBR and its shareholders and voted unanimously to approve the original
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the original merger agreement.

On February 16, 2017, the B. Riley board of directors held a special meeting, which was attended by senior management. B.
Riley’s senior management discussed with the B. Riley board of directors the terms of the original merger agreement, including
preserving the potential to amend the original merger agreement to have FBR merge into a wholly owned subsidiary of B. Riley instead
of directly into B. Riley. An extensive discussion about the proposed combination transaction then ensued among the B. Riley board of
directors. During the course of that discussion, the B. Riley board of directors received input from B. Riley management on various
aspects of the proposed combination transaction and engaged in a lengthy discussion with respect to the risks and benefits of the
proposed combination transaction. During the meeting, Mr. Hendrix joined to discuss with the B. Riley board of directors FBR and its
business. Following these discussions, and review and discussion among the members of the B. Riley board of directors, including
consideration of the factors described under “The Merger—Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors and Reasons for the
Merger,” the B. Riley board of directors unanimously determined that the original merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the original merger agreement were fair to, and in the best interests of, B. Riley and the B. Riley stockholders, approved and
declared advisable the original merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the original merger agreement, and resolved to
recommend the issuance of B. Riley common shares required to be issued pursuant to the original merger agreement to FBR
shareholders.

On the evening of February 17, 2017, the exchange ratio was fixed at 0.671, which, along with the anticipated pre-closing
dividend of $8.50 per share, at that time represented total consideration of $20.28 per FBR common share (based on the closing price
of B. Riley common shares on February 17, 2017). Representatives of Wachtell Lipton and Sullivan & Cromwell also finalized the
terms of the original merger agreement, which FBR and B. Riley executed. On the morning of February 21, 2017, FBR and B. Riley
issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the original merger agreement.

In early March, representatives of FBR and B. Riley agreed to amend the transaction structure of the original merger agreement in
the manner contemplated by the original merger agreement: instead of merging FBR directly into B. Riley, with B. Riley surviving the
merger, FBR would merge into merger sub, with merger sub surviving the merger. On March 13, 2017, the members of the FBR board
of directors determined, including for the reasons described under “The Merger—Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors
and Reasons for the Merger,” that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the
merger, were advisable and in the best interest of FBR and its shareholders and unanimously approved the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger. The amended and restated merger agreement was then
executed on March 15, 2017, effective as of February 17, 2017.

Recommendations of the FBR Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

After careful consideration, the FBR board of directors determined that the merger, the merger agreement and the other
transactions contemplated thereby are in the best interests of FBR and the FBR shareholders and approved and declared advisable the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the
 

-59-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 72/95

Table of Contents

merger, and recommends that FBR’s shareholders vote “FOR” the FBR merger proposal, “FOR” the merger-related named executive
officer compensation proposal and “FOR” the FBR adjournment proposal. In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement
and the merger and recommendation that the FBR shareholders approve the FBR merger proposal, the FBR board of directors
consulted with FBR’s management, as well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the
following material factors:
 

 
•  FBR’s historical and current financial performance and results of operations, FBR’s prospects and long-term strategy, FBR’s

competitive position and general economic and stock market conditions;
 

 
•  its knowledge of FBR’s business, financial condition, results of operations, industry, competitors and prospects as a

standalone company;
 

 

•  its understanding of the current and prospective environment in which FBR and B. Riley operate, including national and
local economic conditions, the interest rate environment, increasing operating costs resulting from regulatory initiatives and
compliance mandates, the competitive environment for financial institutions generally, and the likely effect of these factors
on FBR both with and without the proposed transaction;

 

 

•  the financial terms of the transaction, including the fact that, based on the closing price on the Nasdaq of B. Riley common
shares on February 17, 2017 (the last trading day prior to the execution and announcement of the merger agreement), the
transaction consideration represented an approximate 21% premium over the closing price of FBR common shares on
February 17, 2017;

 

 
•  the anticipated pro forma impact of the merger on the combined company, including the expected realizable revenues and

cost synergies;
 

 •  the expectation that the transactions will enhance both FBR’s and B. Riley’s liquidity, scale and overall financial strength;
 

 
•  each of FBR’s, B. Riley’s and the combined company’s business, operations, financial condition, asset quality, earnings and

prospects;
 

 
•  the nature of FBR’s and B. Riley’s businesses and operations that would result in a combined company with a more

diversified business mix, high-revenue streams, potentially lower volatility of earnings and new revenue opportunities;
 

 
•  the ability of FBR to continue to grow its investment banking and institutional brokerage business as part of a larger, more

diversified organization;
 

 
•  the expanded opportunities for the combined company, including organic growth and future acquisitions, that would be

available to the combined company, given its larger size, asset base, capital and footprint;
 

 •  the strong cultural fit of two entrepreneurial financial services firms;
 

 
•  the transaction consideration to be received by the FBR shareholders, which provides FBR shareholders with the opportunity

to continue to participate in the future success of the combined company;
 

 

•  the anticipated continued participation of certain of FBR’s directors, officers and employees in the combined brokerage
business, which enhances the likelihood that the strategic benefits that FBR expects to achieve as a result of the merger will
be realized and that the benefits and talents that FBR brings to the combined brokerage business will be appropriately valued
and effectively utilized;

 

 

•  its consideration that the transaction with B. Riley was more favorable to FBR shareholders than the potential value that
might result from other alternatives reasonably available to FBR, including, but not limited to, acquisitions of or by other
industry participants, the attractiveness and strategic fit of B. Riley as a potential merger partner, and the likelihood of an
alternative transaction emerging;

 

 •  the FBR board of directors’ belief that the transaction is likely to provide substantial value to FBR’s shareholders;
 

-60-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 73/95

Table of Contents

 
•  the fact that concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, holders in the aggregate of approximately 28.2% and

18.8% of the outstanding B. Riley common shares and FBR common shares, respectively, agreed pursuant to separate voting
agreements to, among other things, vote their respective shares in favor of the merger;

 

 
•  the expectation that the merger will be generally tax-free for United States federal income tax purposes to FBR’s

shareholders;
 

 
•  the written opinion of Berkshire Capital, dated as of February 17, 2017, delivered to the FBR board of directors to the effect

that, as of that date, and subject to and based on the various assumptions, considerations, qualifications and limitations set
forth in the opinion, the transaction consideration was fair, from a financial point of view, to the FBR shareholders;

 

 
•  the fact that the exchange ratio is fixed, which the FBR board of directors believed was consistent with market practice for

transactions of this type and with the strategic purpose of the transaction;
 

 
•  the potential risks associated with achieving anticipated cost synergies and savings and successfully integrating FBR’s

business, operations and workforce with those of B. Riley;
 

 •  the transaction-related costs;
 

 •  the nature and amount of payments to be received by FBR’s management in connection with the merger;
 

 •  the minimum cash and financial instrument amount condition required in order to declare the pre-closing dividend;
 

 
•  the deal protection provisions, including the $5 million termination fee that could become payable by FBR in certain

circumstances;
 

 
•  the potential risk of diverting management attention and resources from the operation of FBR’s business and toward the

completion of the merger; and
 

 
•  the regulatory and other approvals required in connection with the merger and the expectation that such regulatory approvals

will be received in a timely manner and without the imposition of unacceptable conditions.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the FBR board of directors is not intended to be
exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by the FBR board of directors. In reaching its decision to approve the merger
agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the FBR board of directors did not quantify or
assign any relative weights to the factors considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The
FBR board of directors considered all these factors as a whole, including discussions with, and questioning of, FBR management and
FBR’s independent financial and legal advisors, and overall considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its determination.

FBR’s Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

FBR does not as a matter of course make public projections as to future performance, revenues, earnings or other financial results
due to, among other reasons, the uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, FBR is including in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus certain unaudited prospective financial information that was made available to FBR’s financial advisor and
to B. Riley in connection with the merger. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as an indication that any of FBR,
B. Riley, Berkshire Capital, their respective representatives or any other recipient of this information considered, or now considers, it to
be necessarily predictive of actual future results, or that it should be construed as financial guidance, and it should not be relied on as
such.
 

-61-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 74/95

Table of Contents

FBR’s management approved the use of the following unaudited prospective financial information. This information was
prepared solely for internal use and is subjective in many respects. While presented with numeric specificity, the unaudited prospective
financial information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions made with respect to business, economic, market, competition,
regulatory and financial conditions and matters specific to FBR’s business, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are
beyond FBR’s control. The unaudited prospective financial information reflects both assumptions as to certain business decisions that
are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and periodic
revisions based on actual experience and business developments. FBR can give no assurance that the unaudited prospective financial
information and the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited prospective financial
information covers multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. Actual results may
differ materially from those set forth below, and important factors that may affect actual results and cause the unaudited prospective
financial information to be inaccurate include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to FBR’s business, industry
performance, general business and economic conditions, customer requirements, competition and adverse changes in applicable laws,
regulations or rules. See “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” for other factors that could
cause actual results to differ.

The unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with
a view toward compliance with GAAP, published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of
Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Neither FBR’s independent
registered public accounting firm, nor any other independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with
respect to the unaudited prospective financial information contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of
assurance on such information or its achievability.

Furthermore, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring
after the date it was prepared. FBR can give no assurance that, had the unaudited prospective financial information been prepared either
as of the date of the merger agreement or as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, similar estimates and assumptions
would be used. FBR does not intend to, and disclaims any obligation to, make publicly available any update or other revision to the
unaudited prospective financial information to reflect circumstances existing since its preparation or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events, even in the event that any or all of the underlying assumptions are shown to be in error, or to reflect changes in
general economic or industry conditions. The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the possible
financial and other effects on FBR of the merger and does not attempt to predict or suggest future results of the combined company.
The unaudited prospective financial information does not give effect to the merger, including the effect of negotiating or executing the
merger agreement, the expenses that may be incurred in connection with consummating the merger, the potential synergies that may be
achieved by the combined company as a result of the merger, the effect on FBR of any business or strategic decision or action that has
been or will be taken as a result of the merger agreement having been executed, or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or
actions which would likely have been taken if the merger agreement had not been executed, but which were instead altered,
accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of the merger. Further, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take
into account the effect on FBR of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of FBR, B. Riley, Berkshire Capital or their
respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any
representation to any FBR shareholder or other person regarding FBR’s ultimate performance compared to the information contained in
the unaudited prospective financial information or that the forecasted results will be achieved. The inclusion of the unaudited
prospective financial information herein should not be deemed an admission or representation by FBR, B. Riley, Berkshire Capital or
any other person that it is viewed as material information of FBR, particularly in light of the inherent risks and uncertainties associated
with such forecasts. The summary of the unaudited prospective financial information included below is not being included to influence
your decision whether to vote in favor of the merger proposal or any other proposal to be considered at the FBR special meeting, but is
being provided solely because it was made available to FBR’s financial advisor in connection with the merger and to B. Riley in
connection with B. Riley’s due diligence of FBR.
 

-62-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 75/95

Table of Contents

In light of the foregoing, and considering that the FBR special meeting will be held months after the unaudited prospective
financial information was prepared, as well as the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted information, FBR shareholders are cautioned
not to place unwarranted reliance on such information, and FBR urges all FBR shareholders to review FBR’s most recent SEC filings
for a description of FBR’s reported financial results. See “Where You Can Find More Information.”

The following table presents certain unaudited prospective financial data for the quarter ending March 31, 2017 and the fiscal
year ending December 31, 2017. This unaudited prospective financial data was provided to Berkshire Capital and B. Riley, was
discussed by representatives of FBR and B. Riley and used by Berkshire Capital in connection with its fairness opinion to the FBR
board of directors.
 

   Year Ending December 31, 2017  
   ($ in millions, except per share amount) 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share (1)   $ 0.69 
Adjusted Net Income to Common

Shareholders (1)    5.0 
Total Revenue    135.3 
Operating Expenses    126.9 
Pre-Tax Operating Income    8.4 

  
 
 

 
March 31, 2017

 
 

    
 

   ($ in millions)
Total Assets   $ 1,028.1 
Tangible Book Value    114.9 

 

(1) Adjusted based on a 40% tax rate on pre-tax operating income.

Opinion of FBR’s Financial Advisor

FBR retained Berkshire Capital to act as financial advisor to FBR in connection with a possible business combination transaction
or a possible acquisition transaction. Berkshire Capital is an internationally recognized investment banking firm. In the ordinary course
of its investment banking business, Berkshire Capital is regularly engaged in the valuation of financial institutions and their securities
in connection with mergers and acquisitions and other corporate transactions. FBR selected Berkshire Capital to act as FBR’s advisor
in connection with a possible business combination based on its qualifications, expertise, reputation and experience in mergers and
acquisitions involving financial institutions.

Berkshire Capital acted as financial advisor to FBR in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger, and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to the execution of the merger agreement. At the
February 17, 2017 special meeting of the FBR board of directors, Berkshire Capital delivered to FBR its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of February 17, 2017, the transaction consideration was fair, from a financial point of view,
to the FBR shareholders (other than FBR, B. Riley and their respective direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries). The full text of
Berkshire Capital’s opinion is attached as Appendix D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The opinion outlines the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review
undertaken by Berkshire Capital in rendering its opinion. The description of the opinion set forth below is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. FBR shareholders are urged to read the entire opinion carefully in
connection with their consideration of the proposed merger.

Berkshire Capital’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was directed to the FBR board of directors and
is directed only to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the transaction consideration to the FBR shareholders (other than
FBR, B. Riley and their respective direct and indirect wholly
 

-63-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 76/95

Table of Contents

owned subsidiaries). It does not address the underlying business decision of FBR to engage in the merger or any other aspect of the
merger and is not a recommendation to any FBR shareholder as to how such FBR shareholder should vote at the special meeting with
respect to the merger or any other matter.

In connection with rendering its opinion on February 17, 2017, Berkshire Capital, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed the draft of the merger agreement dated February 16, 2017;
 

 •  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to FBR and B. Riley;
 

 

•  reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the past and current business, operations,
financial condition and prospects of FBR furnished to or discussed with Berkshire Capital by the management of
FBR, including certain financial forecasts relating to FBR prepared by the management of FBR, which we refer to as
the FBR forecasts;

 

 

•  reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the past and current business, operations,
financial condition and prospects of B. Riley furnished to or discussed with Berkshire Capital by the management of
B. Riley, including certain financial forecasts relating to B. Riley prepared by the management of B. Riley, which we
refer to as the B. Riley forecasts;

 

 
•  reviewed the impact of the merger on the pro forma forecasted earnings per share of B. Riley based on the B. Riley

forecasts, the FBR forecasts and certain estimated cost savings provided by management of FBR, which we refer to as
the cost savings;

 

 
•  reviewed the impact of the merger on the pro forma tangible book value per share of B. Riley, using forecasted

balance sheet information for FBR as of March 31, 2017 provided to Berkshire Capital by FBR and unaudited
balance sheet information for B. Riley as of December 31, 2016 provided to Berkshire Capital by B. Riley;

 

 •  reviewed the reported price and trading activity of FBR common shares and B. Riley common shares;
 

 
•  compared FBR’s and B. Riley’s results of operations, financial condition and historical information regarding the

trading and price of FBR common shares and B. Riley common shares with those of selected publicly traded
securities companies that Berkshire Capital deemed relevant;

 

 
•  compared the transaction consideration with the current market valuations of the common stock of selected publicly

traded securities companies that Berkshire Capital deemed relevant;
 

 
•  compared the transaction consideration with the financial terms of certain precedent mergers and acquisitions of

securities companies that Berkshire Capital deemed relevant; and
 

 
•  performed such other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and considered such other factors, as Berkshire

Capital deemed appropriate.

In preparing its opinion, with FBR’s consent, Berkshire Capital did not assume any responsibility for independent verification of,
and did not verify, any of the foregoing information. Berkshire Capital, with FBR’s consent, assumed and relied upon the accuracy and
completeness, in all material respects, of all of the financial, accounting, legal, tax and other information provided to, discussed with or
reviewed by Berkshire Capital. Berkshire Capital was not requested to make, and did not make, an independent evaluation or appraisal
of any assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of FBR or B. Riley or any of their respective affiliates, and was not furnished with
any such evaluation or appraisal, nor did Berkshire Capital make any physical inspection of the properties or assets of FBR or B. Riley.
Further, Berkshire Capital assumed, with FBR’s consent, that all of the information prepared by the managements of FBR and B. Riley
provided for purposes of its opinion, including the FBR forecasts, the B. Riley forecasts and the cost savings, was prepared on a
reasonable basis reflecting the
 

-64-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 77/95

Table of Contents

best currently available estimates and judgments of the respective managements of FBR and B. Riley as to the expected future financial
performance of FBR and B. Riley. Berkshire Capital expresses no opinion with respect to such forecasts or projections or the
assumptions upon which they are based. Berkshire Capital assumed that FBR and B. Riley will realize the benefits that each expects to
realize from the merger.

Berkshire Capital did not undertake any independent legal analysis of the merger, any related transactions, the merger agreement,
the transactions contemplated thereby or any legal or regulatory proceedings pending or threatened related to FBR or B. Riley.
Berkshire Capital was not asked to, and did not, express any opinion as to the after-tax consequences of receipt of the transaction
consideration to the FBR shareholders. Berkshire Capital did not provide any opinion, counsel or interpretation regarding matters that
require legal, regulatory, accounting, tax, executive compensation or other similar professional advice. Berkshire Capital assumed that
such opinions, counsel, interpretations or advice have been or would be obtained from the appropriate professional advisers. Berkshire
Capital also assumed that the executed merger agreement would conform in all material respects to the draft merger agreement
reviewed by Berkshire Capital, and that the merger and the pre-closing dividend would be consummated on the terms described in the
draft merger agreement, without any material delay or waiver of any material terms or conditions by FBR or B. Riley. Berkshire
Capital assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the merger will
be obtained without any adverse effect on FBR or B. Riley or on the expected benefits of the merger in any way meaningful to its
analysis.

Berkshire Capital’s opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions that existed on, and the information
made available to Berkshire Capital as of, the date of its opinion. Events occurring after the date of the original merger agreement
could materially affect Berkshire Capital’s opinion. Berkshire Capital has not undertaken to update, revise, reaffirm or withdraw its
opinion or otherwise comment upon events occurring after the date of its opinion.

Berkshire Capital’s opinion does not address or make any recommendation as to the merits of the underlying decision by FBR to
engage in the transaction contemplated by the merger agreement or the relative merits of the transactions as compared to other business
strategies that might be available to FBR. Berkshire Capital expressed no opinion as to whether any alternative transaction may result
in terms and conditions more favorable to FBR or its shareholders than those contemplated by the merger agreement. In addition,
Berkshire Capital’s opinion did not in any manner address the prices at which B. Riley common shares will trade following
consummation of the merger or the prices at which FBR common shares and B. Riley common shares will trade at any time and
Berkshire Capital expressed no opinion or recommendation as to how the FBR shareholders should vote or act with respect to the
merger. Berkshire Capital did not express any opinion regarding the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to any of
FBR’s officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to the transaction consideration to be received by the FBR
shareholders. Berkshire Capital did not express any opinion as to the fairness of any consideration paid in connection with the merger
to the holders of any other class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of FBR.

In rendering its February 17, 2017 opinion, Berkshire Capital performed a variety of financial analyses. The following is a
summary of the material analyses performed by Berkshire Capital, but does not purport to be a complete description of all the analyses
underlying Berkshire Capital’s opinion. The summary includes information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the
financial analyses, these tables must be read together with the accompanying text. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving subjective judgments as to
the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analyses and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances.
The process, therefore, is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. Berkshire Capital believes that its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the factors and analyses to be considered without considering all
factors and analyses, or attempting to ascribe relative weights to some or all such factors and analyses, could create an incomplete view
of the evaluation process underlying its opinion.
 

-65-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 78/95

Table of Contents

Transaction Multiples

Based on the terms described to Berkshire Capital and the draft merger agreement reviewed by Berkshire Capital on February 16,
2017, FBR shareholders would have the right to receive consideration per share consisting of (i) pre-closing dividend estimated to be
$8.50 per share and (ii) 0.672 B. Riley common shares. Based upon the $17.35 closing price for B. Riley common shares on
February 16, 2017, the last full trading day before B. Riley and FBR entered into the original merger agreement, Berkshire Capital
calculated a transaction consideration value of $20.16 per FBR common share. Based upon 7,895,386 common shares outstanding,
Berkshire Capital calculated an aggregate transaction value of $159.2 million. For purposes of this analysis, enterprise value is defined
as market value plus long-term debt, preferred stock and noncontrolling interest, less cash and cash equivalents. Market value is
defined as market capitalization plus noncontrolling interest. Market capitalization is based on 7,895,386 FBR common shares
outstanding, as provided by FBR. The FBR multiples based on 2016 pre-tax income presented in the following chart are not
meaningful due to FBR’s reported operating loss for the year. The multiple of market value to tangible book value, or TBV, is based on
the estimated FBR consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2017 provided by FBR. Berkshire Capital calculated the following
transaction ratios:
 

   Trading Multiples
For FBR Based on

Closing Stock
Price on February

16, 2017  

  Implied Multiples  

     
Based on Merger

Consideration    

Based on
Transaction

Consideration 
Enterprise value as a Multiple of

Revenues:       
Unaudited Fiscal Year 2016    0.5x    0.7x    0.7x 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017    0.3x    0.5x    0.5x 
Market Value as a Multiple of

Revenues:       
Unaudited Fiscal Year 2016    1.4x    0.9x    1.6x 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017    1.0x    0.7x    1.2x 
Market Value as a Multiple Pre-Tax

Income:       
Unaudited Adjusted Fiscal Year 2016    NM    NM    NM 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017    15.8x    11.0x    18.9x 
Market Value as a Multiple of

Tangible Book Value:       
Estimated March 31, 2017

(Post-Dividend)    NA    1.9x    NA 
Estimated March 31, 2017

(Pre-Dividend)    1.2x    NA    1.4x 
 

-66-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 79/95

Table of Contents

Contribution Analysis

Berkshire Capital analyzed the relative contribution of each of FBR and B. Riley to the pro forma combined 2016 and projected
2017 revenues, operating expenses, operating income, book value and tangible book value, in each case after giving effect to the pre-
closing dividend and before giving effect to any transaction accounting adjustments and cost savings, and compared the relative
contribution to the allocation of the pre-closing dividend and the relative ownership of the combined company. For purposes of this
analysis, (i) FBR operating expenses excluded certain non-recurring expenses, as provided by FBR; (ii) estimated fiscal year 2017
revenues and operating income for FBR and B. Riley were based on the FBR forecasts and the B. Riley forecasts; (iii) the balance
sheet contribution analysis was based on the unaudited B. Riley consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2016 as provided by
B. Riley to Berkshire Capital and the estimated FBR consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2017, after giving effect to the
estimated $8.50 per share pre-closing dividend to be paid as part of the transaction consideration, as provided by FBR to Berkshire
Capital; (iv) post-closing ownership was based on an assumed 0.672 exchange ratio, which was the exchange ratio contained in the
draft merger agreement reviewed by Berkshire Capital on February 16, 2017; (v) no vesting of transaction-related employee RSUs,
and; (vi) 19,500,000 B. Riley common shares outstanding.
 

   Contribution Analysis  
   FBR   B. Riley  
Unaudited Fiscal Year 2016 Revenues    34.1%   65.9% 
Unaudited Fiscal Year 2016 Operating Expenses    46.3%   53.7% 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 Revenues    41.4%   58.6% 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 Operating Expenses    46.2%   53.8% 
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 Operating Income    15.9%   84.1% 
Book Value (Post-Dividend)    25.6%   74.4% 
Tangible Book Value (Post-Dividend)    46.9%   53.1% 
Pre-Closing Dividend    100.0%   —   
Ownership    21.4%   78.6% 

 
-67-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 80/95

Table of Contents

Analysis of Precedent Transactions

Berkshire Capital calculated and compared valuation multiples implied by the transaction consideration to those of selected
precedent mergers and acquisitions for which information was publicly available that Berkshire Capital, based on its professional
judgment and experience as a financial advisor, deemed appropriate for purposes of this analysis. The selected mergers and acquisitions
included 12 transactions announced between April 26, 2010 and February 10, 2015. Although none of the target companies included in
Berkshire Capital’s analysis is identical or directly comparable to FBR, the selected transactions were chosen because they included
target companies with certain operational and financial characteristics which, for purposes of this analysis, may be considered similar
to certain operational or financial characteristics of FBR. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of this analysis is not entirely
mathematical. Rather, this analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and operating
characteristics, the terms of the transactions and other factors that could affect the acquisition values of the companies to which FBR
was compared. The group included the following transactions:
 

Target   Acquiror
Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc.   Stifel Financial Corp.

JVB Financial Holdings, LLC   Cohen & Company Inc.
Miller Tabak & Co. LLC; MTR Capital Corp.   GMP Capital Inc.

PrinceRidge Holdings LP   Institutional Financial Markets, Inc.
Morgan Keegan & Co.   Raymond James Financial

KBW, Inc.   Stifel Financial Corp.
Jefferies Group, Inc.   Leucadia National Corporation

Duff & Phelps Corporation   Investor Consortium
Seattle-Northwest Securities Corporation   Piper Jaffray Companies

B. Riley & Co., LLC   Great American Group, Inc.
G.X. Clarke & Co.   INTL FCStone Inc.

Cogent Partners, LP   Greenhill & Co., Inc.

Berkshire Capital reviewed the following multiples for each of the transactions: transaction value to last twelve months’, or LTM,
revenues and transaction value to LTM pre-tax income. Precedent transaction multiples implied by forecasted pre-tax income have
been excluded as pre-tax income forecasts were not generally available for the target companies. Berkshire Capital compared the
multiples implied by FBR’s current market value, the merger consideration and the transaction consideration to the minimum, median
and maximum multiples of the precedent transactions. Where applicable, earn-out payments are included at the maximum potential
value and discounted to present value using a 10% discount rate. The results of these analyses are summarized in the following table.
 
   Trading Multiples

For FBR Based on
Closing Stock

Price on February
16, 2017  

  Implied Multiples              

     
Based on Merger

Consideration  

  Based on
Transaction

Consideration 

  Implied Multiples of Precedent Transaction  

         Minimum    Median    Maximum  
Market Value as a

Multiple of LTM
Revenues    1.4x    0.9x    1.6x    0.6x    1.3x    2.5x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of LTM Pre-
Tax Income    NM    NM    NM    6.9x    10.8x    14.4x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of Estimated
Fiscal Year 2017 Pre-
Tax Income    15.8x    11.0x    18.9x    NA    NA    NA 

 
-68-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 81/95

Table of Contents

Guideline Public Companies Analysis

Berkshire Capital reviewed, calculated and compared selected financial information, ratios and multiples for FBR and B. Riley
with the corresponding financial information, ratios and multiples of a group of publicly-traded mid-size investment banks and
specialized advisory investment banks that Berkshire Capital, based on its professional judgment and experience as a financial advisor,
deemed appropriate for purposes of this analysis. Although none of the selected publicly-traded companies is identical and directly
comparable to FBR or B. Riley, the companies included in the analysis were chosen because they are companies with certain
operational and financial characteristics which, for purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain operational or financial
characteristics of FBR and B. Riley. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of this analysis is not entirely mathematical. Berkshire
Capital also made qualitative judgments concerning differences in the business, financial and operating characteristics and prospects of
FBR and B. Riley, on the one hand, and the selected companies, on the other hand, that could affect the public trading values of each in
order to provide a context in which to consider the results of the quantitative analysis. The selected publicly-traded companies
included:
 

 •  Cowen Group, Inc.
 

 •  Evercore Partners Inc.
 

 •  Greenhill & Co., Inc.
 

 •  Houlihan Lokey, Inc.
 

 •  JMP Group LLC
 

 •  Ladenburg Thalmann Financial Services Inc.
 

 •  Lazard Ltd.
 

 •  Moelis & Company
 

 •  Oppenheimer Holdings Inc.
 

 •  Piper Jaffray Companies
 

 •  PJT Partners, Inc.
 

 •  Raymond James Financial, Inc.
 

 •  Stifel Financial Corp.

For each of the selected companies, Berkshire Capital calculated and reviewed, based on the most recent publicly available
financial information as of February 17, 2017, the ratio of enterprise value to LTM revenues; enterprise value to consensus estimated
2017 revenues as published by equity research analysts; market value to LTM pre-tax income; market value to consensus estimated
2017 pre-tax income published by equity research analysts, and; market value as a multiple of tangible book value. Berkshire Capital
obtained consensus revenue and pre-tax income estimates for the selected public companies from S&P Global. For purposes of this
analysis, forecast fiscal year 2017 revenues and pre-tax income for FBR and B. Riley were based on the FBR forecasts and the B. Riley
forecasts. The analysis compared the minimum, median and maximum multiples for the selected public companies to (i) the
corresponding multiples for FBR and B. Riley based on their respective stock prices as of February 16, 2017; (ii) the multiples implied
by the merger consideration, and; (iii) the multiples implied by the transaction consideration. For purposes of this analysis:
(i) enterprise value is defined as market capitalization plus long-term debt, preferred equity, and noncontrolling interest, less cash and
cash equivalents for the most recent quarter; (ii) market capitalization is based on the weighted average diluted shares outstanding for
the most recent quarter, other than for the implied multiples based on the merger consideration and transaction consideration, the
aggregate values for which are based on 7,895,386 FBR common shares outstanding; (iii) FBR and B. Riley’s trading multiples based
on weighted average diluted shares outstanding for the quarter ended December 31, 2016 of 7,311,000 and 19,154,548, respectively,
and; (iv) market value is defined as market capitalization plus noncontrolling interest.
 

-69-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 82/95

Table of Contents

The FBR multiples implied by 2016 pre-tax income are not meaningful due to FBR’s reported operating loss for the year. The results of
this analysis are summarized in the following tables.
 
  

Trading Multiples
For FBR Based on

Closing Stock

Price on February
16, 2017  

 Implied Multiples     

   

Based on Merger

Consideration  

 
Based on

Transaction  

         

     Implied Multiples of Guideline Public Companies  

    Consideration  Minimum   Median   Maximum  
Enterprise Value as a

Multiple of LTM
Revenues   0.5x   0.7x   0.7x   0.3x   2.1x   3.1x 

Enterprise Value as a
Multiple of Forecast
Fiscal Year 2017
Revenues   0.4x   0.5x   0.5x   0.3x   1.9x   2.9x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of LTM
Pre-Tax Income   NM   NM   NM   9.3x   12.3x   19.7x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of Estimated
Fiscal Year 2017
Pre-Tax Income   14.7x   11.0x   18.9x   7.0x   10.8x   13.3x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of Tangible
Book Value
(Post-Dividend)   NA   1.9x   NA   0.7x   3.0x   16.1x 

Market Value as a
Multiple of Tangible
Book Value
(Pre-Dividend)   1.1x   NA   1.4x   0.7x   3.0x   16.1x 

 

   
Trading Multiples

For B. Riley
Based on Closing

Stock Price on
February 16, 2017 

  Implied Multiples of Guideline Public Companies  

     Minimum    Median    Maximum  
Enterprise Value as a Multiple of

LTM Revenues    1.3x    0.3x    2.1x    3.1x 
Enterprise Value as a Multiple of

Forecast Fiscal Year 2017
Revenues    1.3x    0.3x    1.9x    2.9x 

Market Value as a Multiple of LTM
Pre-Tax Income    6.6x    9.3x    12.3x    19.7x 

Market Value as a Multiple of
Estimated Fiscal Year 2017
Pre-Tax Income    7.5x    7.0x    10.8x    13.3x 

Market Value as a Multiple of
Tangible Book Value    6.2x    0.7x    3.0x    16.1x 

 
-70-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 83/95

Table of Contents

Pro Forma Earnings Per Share and Tangible Book Value Per Share Analysis

Berkshire Capital analyzed certain potential pro forma effects of the merger on B. Riley, assuming the following: (i) the merger
had closed on January 1, 2017; (ii) 19,500,000 B. Riley common shares were outstanding prior to the merger; (iii) 5,306,000 B. Riley
common shares are issued in the merger; (iv) FBR’s closing balance sheet includes cash, cash equivalents and financial instruments
owned equal to not less than $33,500,000; (v) B. Riley’s 2017 performance is consistent with the B. Riley forecasts; (vi) FBR’s 2017
performance is consistent with the FBR forecasts; (vii) cost savings of $6,500,000 per annum are fully realized, and; (viii) 33% of the
merger consideration in excess of FBR tangible book value will be allocated to definite-life intangibles to be amortized over five years
with the balance allocated to goodwill.

The pro forma impact on tangible book value per share is based on the unaudited B. Riley consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2016 and the estimated FBR consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2017. The actual results achieved by the
combined company, however, may vary from projected results and the variations may be material.

Berkshire Capital calculated the pro forma impact on GAAP earnings per share and non-GAAP earnings per share, where non-
GAAP earnings per share exclude the non-cash charges for, and related tax impacts of, amortization of transactions intangibles. The
table below shows Berkshire Capital’s assessment of the financial impact of the merger on the pro forma financial performance and
financial condition of B. Riley.
 

Standalone GAAP Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 EPS   $ 1.15 
Pro Forma GAAP Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 EPS   $ 1.14 
$ Accretion / (Dilution)    (0.01) 
% Accretion / (Dilution)    (0.9)% 
Standalone Non-GAAP Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 EPS   $ 1.32 
Pro Forma Non-GAAP Estimated Fiscal Year 2017 EPS   $ 1.40 
$ Accretion / (Dilution)    0.08 
% Accretion / (Dilution)    6.1% 
Standalone Estimated Tangible Book Value Per Share   $ 2.78 
Pro Forma Estimated Tangible Book Value Per Share   $ 4.11 
$ Accretion / (Dilution)    1.33 
% Accretion / (Dilution)    47.8% 

Other Information Reviewed By Berkshire Capital

Berkshire Capital also reviewed and presented certain additional information and analyses that were not considered part of its
financial analyses with respect to its opinion but were referenced for informational purposes.
 

-71-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 84/95

Table of Contents

Premiums Paid Analysis

Using publicly available information, Berkshire Capital analyzed certain information relating to selected precedent merger and
acquisition transactions with transaction values between $25 million and $1 billion involving publicly-traded securities broker-dealer
target companies announced since January 1, 2009. Berkshire Capital calculated and compared the 1-day and 1-month premiums paid
in precedent transactions to the 1-day and 1-month premiums implied by the transaction consideration and based on the February 16,
2017 closing share price of FBR.
 
Announcement Date   Acquiror   Target
April 28, 2016   National Holdings Corporation   Fortress Biotech Inc.
December 23, 2015   BGC Partners, Inc.   GFI Group Inc.
April 1, 2014   Hilltop Holdings Inc.   SWS Group, Inc.
November 18, 2013   RCS Capital Corporation   Summit Financial Services Group, Inc.
October 2, 2013   RCS Capital Corporation   Investors Capital Holdings, Ltd.
December 30, 2012   Investor group   Duff & Phelps Corporation
November 5, 2012   Stifel Financial Corp.   KBW, Inc.
July 9, 2012   Thomson Reuters Corporation   FX Alliance Inc.
April 16, 2012   Lee Equity Partners, LLC   Edelman Financial Group Inc.
April 21, 2011   Monex Group, Inc.   TradeStation Group, Inc.
February 17, 2011   Cowen Group, Inc.   LaBranche & Co Inc.
April 26, 2010   Stifel Financial Corp.   Thomas Weisel Partners Group, Inc.
July 2, 2009   International Assets Holding Corporation   FCStone Group, Inc.
January 8, 2009   TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation   thinkorswim Group Inc.
 

   

Premium to Market
(Time before

Announcement)  
   1-Day  1-Month 
Minimum    (4.9)%   (7.1)% 
Median    33.5%   29.0% 
Maximum    74.4%   95.0% 

Transaction Premium Analysis

Berkshire Capital assumed an announcement date of February 17, 2017 for the merger for its transaction premium analysis.
Berkshire Capital compared the 1-day premium implied by the transaction consideration of approximately 19.6% to the median,
maximum and minimum implied 1-day premium paid in the precedent transactions. Berkshire Capital compared the 1-month premium
implied by the transaction consideration of approximately 44.0% to the median, maximum and minimum implied 1-month premium
paid in the precedent transactions.
 

-72-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 85/95

Table of Contents

Analysis of Stock Price Performance

Berkshire Capital also reviewed the publicly reported trading prices of FBR common shares and the average daily trading volume
for the five year period ended February 15, 2017. Berkshire Capital compared the stock price performance of FBR common shares over
the past five years to: (i) the market capitalization weighted average stock price performance of six publicly-traded mid-size investment
banks; (ii) the market capitalization weighted average stock price performance of six publicly-traded specialized advisory investment
banks, and; (iii) the performance of the S&P 500 index over the same time period. Berkshire Capital analyzed FBR’s multiples of
market value per share to book value per share; market value per share to tangible book value per share; market value to LTM
revenues, and; market value per share to LTM earnings per share for the period beginning June 7, 2007 and ended February 15, 2017.
June 7, 2007 was selected by Berkshire Capital as it was FBR’s IPO offer date.
 

FBR Stock Price ($)  
   5-Year    1-Year    90-Day   10-Day 
Minimum    9.52    10.57    11.40    14.80 
Median    20.56    14.80    13.55    15.03 
Maximum    30.75    20.48    16.35    16.35 

FBR Average Daily Trading Volume (thousands)  
   5-Year    1-Year    90-Day   10-Day 
Minimum    2    4    4    10 
Median    34    22    21    30 
Maximum    1,062    590    103    77 

 
5-Year Stock Price Performance  

FBR    68.9% 
Peer Group A (COWN, PJC, JMP, OPY, RJF, SF)    103.9% 
Peer Group B (EVR, GHL, HLI, LAZ, MC, PJT)    69.4% 
S&P 500    74.9% 

 
FBR Stock Price Performance since June 7, 2006  
   Price /  

   Tangible Book Value   Book Value   LTM Revenues   
LTM

Earnings 
Minimum    0.4x    0.4x    0.6x    3.5x 
Median    0.8x    0.8x    1.2x    12.9x 
Maximum    2.4x    2.3x    3.3x    50.0x 

Berkshire Capital also reviewed for informational purposes the publicly reported trading prices of B. Riley common shares and
average daily trading volume for the period beginning November 7, 2014 and ended February 15, 2017. November 7, 2014 was
selected by Berkshire Capital as it was the effective date of the registration statement of B. Riley common shares following B. Riley &
Co., LLC’s merger with Great American Group, Inc. Berkshire Capital compared the stock price performance of B. Riley common
shares to the market capitalization weighted average stock price performance of the same two groups of publicly-traded investment
banks used in the analysis of the FBR stock price performance, above, and the S&P 500 index. Berkshire analyzed B. Riley’s multiples
of market value per share to book value per share; market value per share to tangible book value per share; market value to LTM
revenues, and; market value per share to LTM earnings per share for the period beginning November 7, 2014 and ended February 15,
2017.
 

B. Riley Stock Price ($)  
   November 7, 2014   1-Year    90-Day   10-Day 
Minimum    8.01    8.59    15.25    16.70 
Median    10.00    10.49    17.45    17.20 
Maximum    21.30    21.30    21.30    18.50 

 
-73-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 86/95

Table of Contents

B. Riley Average Daily Trading Volume (thousands)  

   
November

7, 2014    1-Year    90-Day    10-Day  
Minimum    0    0    3    7 
Median    5    11    12    14 
Maximum    923    923    95    56 

Stock Price Performance since November 7, 2014  
B. Riley     112.3% 
Peer Group A (COWN, PJC, JMP, OPY, RJF, SF)     28.9% 
Peer Group B (EVR, GHL, HLI, LAZ, MC, PJT)     6.5% 
S&P 500     15.6% 

B. Riley Stock Price Performance since November 7, 2014  
   Price /  

   

Tangible
Book
Value    Book Value   

LTM
Revenues   

LTM
Earnings 

Minimum    1.7x    1.2x    0.7x    13.5x 
Median    2.4x    1.5x    1.5x    16.7x 
Maximum    8.3x    2.8x    3.2x    46.6x 

Miscellaneous

Berkshire Capital acted as financial advisor to FBR in connection with the merger and will receive a fee comprising (i) $100,000
paid upon execution of its engagement letter with FBR, (ii) monthly retainers totaling $100,000, (iii) $300,000 paid upon delivery of
Berkshire Capital’s opinion, and (iv) $1,900,000 upon the consummation of the merger. FBR has also agreed to reimburse Berkshire
Capital’s reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with its engagement and to indemnify Berkshire Capital and its
affiliates and their respective partners, directors, officers, employees and agents against certain expenses and liabilities, including
liabilities under the securities laws.

Berkshire Capital has previously provided financial advisory services to FBR in connection with an acquisition transaction by
FBR that was announced in July 2015, for which Berkshire Capital received a fee of $75,000.

Berkshire Capital prepared the foregoing analyses solely for purposes of providing the opinion described above to the FBR board
of directors. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals nor do they necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities
actually may be sold or traded. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results,
which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to
uncertainty, being based upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors, Berkshire
Capital does not assume any responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecast.

The transaction consideration was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between FBR and B. Riley and was approved by
the FBR board of directors. Berkshire Capital provided advice to FBR during these negotiations. Berkshire Capital did not, however,
recommend any specific transaction consideration to FBR or the FBR board of directors or that any specific transaction consideration
constituted the only appropriate consideration for the combination. The decision to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of
FBR’s board of directors.
 

-74-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 87/95

Table of Contents

Recommendations of the B. Riley Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

After careful consideration, the B. Riley board of directors determined that the merger with FBR and the merger agreement and
the other transactions contemplated thereby are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of B. Riley and its stockholders and declared
advisable and authorized and approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated therein, including the merger, and
recommends that B. Riley’s stockholders vote “FOR” the B. Riley share issuance proposal and “FOR” the B. Riley adjournment
proposal. In reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and recommend that B. Riley stockholders approve the B. Riley
share issuance proposal, the B. Riley board of directors evaluated the merger in consultation with B. Riley’s senior management and
advisors, and considered a number of factors, including the following material factors:
 

 

•  B. Riley and FBR’s historical and current financial performance and results of operations; B. Riley and FBR’s business,
prospects and long-term strategy; B. Riley and FBR’s competitive position and general economic and stock market
conditions, taking into account the presentations made by senior management and the results of B. Riley’s due diligence
review of FBR;

 

 
•  its belief that combining the two companies would diversify the overall business of B. Riley by adding FBR’s market-

leading initial equity franchise to B. Riley’s successful capital markets capabilities and allow for expanded geographic
distribution reach with significant operations on the east and west coasts;

 

 
•  the complementary aspects of FBR and B. Riley’s businesses, including customer focus, geographic coverage and business

orientation and compatibility of the companies’ management and operating styles and the potential to extend B. Riley’s
investment banking and brokerage services leadership position;

 

 •  the strong cultural fit of two entrepreneurial financial services firms;
 

 
•  the financial terms of the transaction, including the pro forma impact of the merger on the combined company, the combined

company’s increased capital base, the potential expense-saving and revenue-enhancing opportunities in connection with the
merger and the related potential impact on the combined company’s earnings;

 

 •  the expectation that the transaction will enhance B. Riley’s liquidity, scale and overall financial strength;
 

 

•  its understanding of the current and prospective environment in which FBR and B. Riley operate, including national and
local economic conditions, the interest rate environment, increasing operating costs resulting from regulatory initiatives and
compliance mandates, the competitive environment for financial institutions generally, and the likely effect of these factors
on B. Riley;

 

 
•  B. Riley’s successful operating and acquisition track record, specifically B. Riley’s history of efficiently closing and

integrating acquisitions;
 

 
•  its belief that the merger will permit B. Riley to enhance offerings to existing clients and expand its investment banking

capabilities;
 

 
•  the expanded opportunities for the combined company, including organic growth and future acquisitions, that would be

available to the combined company, given its larger size, asset base, capital and footprint;
 

 •  its belief that the merger is likely to provide substantial value to B. Riley stockholders;
 

 
•  its assessment of the likelihood that the merger would be completed in a timely manner and that the management team of the

combined company would be able to successfully integrate and operate the businesses of the combined company after the
merger;

 
-75-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 88/95

Table of Contents

 
•  the structure of the merger and the financial and other terms of the merger agreement, including the fact that FBR

shareholders would receive B. Riley common shares, the minimum cash and financial instrument amount condition and the
provisions of the merger agreement designed to enhance the probability that the merger will be completed;

 

 
•  the potential risk that the potential benefits of the merger would not be realized fully as a result of challenges the companies

might face in integrating their technology, personnel and operations, as well as general industry-wide or economic
conditions or other factors;

 

 
•  the potential risks associated with achieving anticipated cost synergies and savings and successfully integrating FBR’s

business, operations and workforce with those of B. Riley;
 

 •  the transaction-related costs;
 

 
•  the potential risk of diverting management attention and resources from the operation of B. Riley’s businesses or other

opportunities and toward the completion of the merger;
 

 
•  the regulatory and other approvals required in connection with the merger and the expectation that such regulatory approvals

will be received in a timely manner and without the imposition of unacceptable conditions;
 

 •  the possibility of litigation challenging the merger, and B. Riley’s belief that any such litigation would be without merit; and
 

 •  the potential risk of losing other acquisition opportunities while B. Riley remains focused on completing the merger.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the B. Riley board of directors is not intended to be
exhaustive, but, rather, includes the material factors considered by the B. Riley board of directors. In reaching its decision to adopt and
approve the merger agreement, and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, the B. Riley board of directors did
not quantify or assign any relative weights to the factors considered, and individual directors may have given different weights to
different factors. The B. Riley board of directors considered all these factors as a whole, including discussions with, and questioning of
B. Riley senior management and advisors, and overall considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its determination.

This explanation of B. Riley’s reasons for the merger and other information presented in this section is forward-looking in nature
and should be read in light of the section entitled “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

B. Riley’s board of directors realized that there can be no assurance about future results, including results expected or considered
in the factors listed above, such as assumptions regarding enhanced business prospects, anticipated cost savings and earnings
accretion/dilution. The B. Riley board of directors concluded, however, that the potential positive factors outweighed the potential risks
of completing the transaction.

B. Riley Board of Directors After the Merger

At or prior to the effective time, the number of directors constituting the full B. Riley board of directors will be eight, an increase
of one, with Richard J. Hendrix, who is the Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of FBR, being appointed to fill the new
seat in accordance with the terms of the employment agreement as more fully described in “The Merger Agreement—Related
Agreements—Employment Agreement.” In accordance with the terms of the employment agreement, following the closing,
Mr. Hendrix will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the entity that will house the businesses of FBR and B. Riley & Co.,
LLC, which we refer to as the combined brokerage business. Information about the current B. Riley directors can be found in the
documents listed under “Where You Can Find More Information” included elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

-76-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 89/95

Table of Contents

Merger Sub Officers and Sole Member after the Merger

The officers of merger sub immediately prior to the effective time will be the officers of the surviving company until their
successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal. B. Riley & Co., LLC
will remain the sole member of merger sub immediately following the effective time.

Interests of FBR’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the FBR board of directors in favor of the approval of the merger agreement by FBR
shareholders, you should be aware that aside from their interests as shareholders of FBR, the directors and executive officers of FBR
have interests in the merger that may differ from, or be in addition to, those of other FBR shareholders generally. Members of the FBR
board of directors were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger
agreement and the merger, and in recommending to the shareholders of FBR that the merger agreement be approved. See the section
entitled “The Merger—Background of the Merger” and the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendations of the FBR Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger.” These interests are described in more detail below, and certain of them are quantified in the
narrative and the table below.

Treatment of FBR Equity Awards

FBR Options. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR option, will be cancelled and converted into a number of B. Riley
common shares having a value equal to the final pre-dividend price, less the applicable exercise price and subject to rounding. Any
option that has an exercise price that is greater than or equal to the final pre-dividend price will be cancelled for no consideration. As of
the date hereof, none of FBR’s executive officers or non-employee directors hold options that are unvested.

FBR Restricted Stock Awards. At the effective time, each outstanding share of restricted stock of FBR will be converted into (i) a
number of restricted B. Riley common shares equal to the exchange ratio of 0.671 (rounded to the nearest whole number) and (ii) the
right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, with respect to employees, including the
executive officers of FBR, the restricted B. Riley common shares and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing
dividend will continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (including vesting terms with respect to employees) as applied
to the applicable share of FBR restricted stock immediately prior to the effective time. The FBR restricted stock awards held by FBR’s
non-employee directors will vest as of immediately prior to the effective time and be treated like FBR common shares generally.

FBR RSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR RSU, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a B. Riley
stock-based RSU covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the
exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject to such FBR RSU immediately prior to the effective time and
(ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After the effective time, the B. Riley stock-based RSU
and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will continue to be governed by the same terms and
conditions (including vesting conditions with respect to employees, including the executive officers of FBR) as applied to the
applicable FBR RSU immediately prior to the effective time. The FBR RSUs held by FBR’s non-employee directors will vest as of
immediately prior to the effective time and be settled following the effective time consistent with the terms of the award.

FBR PSUs. At the effective time, each outstanding FBR PSU, whether vested or unvested, will be converted into (i) a B. Riley
stock-based RSU covering a number of B. Riley common shares equal to the product (rounded to the nearest whole number) of the
exchange ratio of 0.671 and the number of FBR common shares subject to the FBR PSU based on the greater of (x) the number of FBR
common shares that would be earned based on actual performance for the most recently completed fiscal quarter prior to the effective
time, as reasonably
 

-77-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 90/95

Table of Contents

determined by the compensation committee of the FBR board of directors and (y) the level of achievement resulting in 50% of the
number of FBR common shares being earned, and (ii) the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend. After
the effective time, the B. Riley stock-based RSU and the right to receive a cash payment in respect of the pre-closing dividend will
continue to be governed by the same terms and conditions (excluding performance-based vesting conditions, but including time-based
vesting conditions) as applied to the applicable FBR PSU immediately prior to the effective time.

Quantification of Payments. As noted above, FBR options will be cancelled and settled as of the effective time. In addition, under
their terms, FBR equity awards that are assumed by B. Riley (i) that are held by non-employee directors will vest upon a change in
control and (ii) that are held by executive officers will vest in the event that, within two years following a change in control, the
executive officer’s employment is terminated by B. Riley without cause or by the executive officer with good reason, each of which we
refer to as a qualifying termination. The merger will constitute a change in control for purposes of the FBR equity awards.

For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of FBR’s named executive officers on settlement of their unvested
FBR equity awards, see “Quantification of Payments and Benefits to FBR’s Named Executive Officers” below. The estimated
aggregate amount that would be payable to FBR’s one executive officer who is not a named executive officer in settlement of his
unvested FBR equity awards if the effective time occurred on April 17, 2017 and he experienced a qualifying termination on that date
is $15,695. We estimate that the aggregate amount that would be payable to FBR’s seven non-employee directors for their unvested
FBR equity awards if the effective time occurred on April 17, 2017 is $580,259. The amounts in this paragraph are determined using a
per share price of FBR of $18.25, the average closing price per FBR common share over the first five business days following the
announcement of the merger agreement.

Existing Employment Agreement with Richard J. Hendrix

Richard J. Hendrix, FBR’s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, is party to an employment agreement with FBR, which
provides for severance benefits in the event that his employment is terminated by FBR without cause, he resigns his employment with
good reason, or he dies or becomes disabled.

The employment agreement provides that, in the event Mr. Hendrix is terminated without cause or he resigns with good reason, in
each case, on or following a change in control, he will be entitled to:
 

 
•  a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to two times the sum of (i) his annual base salary and (ii) the average annual

incentive bonuses earned by Mr. Hendrix with respect to the three completed fiscal years preceding the date of termination;
 

 •  a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance;
 

 
•  immediate vesting of all unvested equity awards, other than certain performance awards, which will remain eligible to vest

based on the achievement of the applicable performance goals; and
 

 •  three years of health insurance coverage.

In the event that Mr. Hendrix is terminated due to his death or disability, he will be entitled to:
 

 •  a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance; and
 

 
•  immediate vesting of all unvested equity awards, other than certain performance awards, which will remain eligible to vest

based on the achievement of the applicable performance goals.

The employment agreement provides that any payments or benefits payable to Mr. Hendrix will be reduced to the extent that such
payments or benefits would result in the imposition of excise taxes under Section 4999 of the Code, unless Mr. Hendrix would be
better off on an after-tax basis receiving all such payments or benefits. Under the employment agreement, Mr. Hendrix is also subject
to a confidentiality covenant and, during his employment and for 12 months following his termination of employment with or without
cause or with or without good reason, noncompetition and nonsolicitation covenants in favor of FBR.
 

-78-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 91/95

Table of Contents

As discussed more fully below, B. Riley & Co., LLC and B. Riley have entered into a new employment agreement with
Mr. Hendrix that supersede his existing FBR employment agreement. See “B. Riley Agreement with Richard J. Hendrix” below.

Quantification of Payments. For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to
Mr. Hendrix under his employment agreement with FBR upon a termination without cause or resignation with good reason in
connection with the merger, see “Quantification of Payments and Benefits to FBR’s Named Executive Officers” below.

B. Riley Agreement with Richard J. Hendrix

In connection with FBR’s entry into the merger agreement, Mr. Hendrix entered into an employment agreement with B. Riley &
Co., LLC and, solely with respect to its obligations under such employment agreement, B. Riley, which we refer to as the new Hendrix
employment agreement, effective contingent on the closing of the merger and Mr. Hendrix remaining employed by FBR as of
immediately prior to the closing of the merger. The new Hendrix employment agreement provides that, beginning on the closing date,
Mr. Hendrix will serve as President and Chief Executive Officer of the combined brokerage business, for a fixed employment term
ending December 31, 2020, except that if there is a change in control (as defined in the employment agreement), the term will
automatically extend so as to be at least two years from the date of such change in control. During the term of the new Hendrix
employment agreement, Mr. Hendrix will also serve on the B. Riley board of directors.

In addition, during the term of the new Hendrix employment agreement, Mr. Hendrix will receive an annual base salary of
$750,000 and be eligible to receive an annual bonus based on the combined brokerage business’s pre-CEO adjusted EBITDA (as
defined in the new Hendrix employment agreement). Fifty percent of any annual bonus amounts over $1 million will be paid in
restricted stock of B. Riley, which will be subject to forfeiture if the combined brokerage business’s pre-CEO adjusted EBITDA for the
following fiscal year is negative. Mr. Hendrix will also be eligible to participate in the incentive and benefit plans of B. Riley, B.
Riley & Co., LLC, and the combined brokerage business, as applicable.

Upon a termination of employment without cause (as defined in the new Hendrix employment agreement) or by Mr. Hendrix for
good reason (as defined in the new Hendrix employment agreement), in addition to any earned but unpaid amounts for service prior to
the date of termination, Mr. Hendrix will be entitled to: (i) a payment equal to 1.5 times the sum of the annual salary paid and the
average annual incentive bonuses earned in the two completed fiscal years prior to the date of termination, which, prior to a change in
control and prior to the first anniversary of the closing date, is not to be less than $1.5 million; (ii) a pro rata annual incentive payment
based on annualized financial performance of the combined brokerage business for the fiscal year; (iii) immediate vesting of equity
awards, other than certain performance awards which will remain eligible to vest based on the achievement of the applicable
performance goals; and (iv) three years of health insurance coverage. Upon a termination of employment due to Mr. Hendrix’s death or
disability, in addition to any earned but unpaid amounts for service prior to the date of termination, Mr. Hendrix will be entitled to a pro
rata annual incentive payment and the vesting of equity awards, generally as described in clauses (ii) and (iii) above.

Under the new Hendrix employment agreement, Mr. Hendrix will forfeit certain payments made in connection with a change in
control to the extent that such forfeiture would place Mr. Hendrix in a more favorable after-tax position under Section 4999 of the
Code.

In addition, the new Hendrix employment agreement contains restrictive covenants prohibiting the disclosure of confidential
information and, during the term of his employment and for a 12-month period following the termination of his employment by
B. Riley & Co., LLC with or without cause or his resignation with or without good reason, competing with the combined brokerage
business and soliciting the employees and customers of B. Riley & Co., LLC and its affiliates.
 

-79-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 92/95

Table of Contents

Severance Policy

FBR maintains a severance policy, which we refer to as the FBR severance policy, that provides exempt employees (including
executive officers other than Mr. Hendrix) with severance benefits upon an involuntary termination due to a reduction in
force/downsizing, job elimination, or other circumstances as determined by FBR. Upon an involuntary termination under the FBR
severance policy, executive officers would receive:
 

 •  two weeks of pay for every year of service (subject to a minimum of 6 weeks of pay and a maximum of 26 weeks of pay);
 

 •  payment of any commissions earned as of the date of termination; and
 

 •  at the discretion of FBR, payment of health care insurance premiums for a period of time as determined by FBR.

Quantification of Payments. For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of FBR’s named executive officers
(other than Mr. Hendrix) upon an involuntary termination under the FBR severance policy, see “Quantification of Payments and
Benefits to FBR’s Named Executive Officers” below. The estimated aggregate amount that would be payable to FBR’s one executive
officer who is not a named executive officer upon an involuntary termination under the FBR severance policy if the effective time
occurred on April 17, 2017 and he experienced a qualifying termination on that date is $110,000.

Asset Pool Awards under the 2016 Retention and Incentive Plan

Certain of FBR’s executive officers have been granted an award under FBR’s 2016 Retention and Incentive Plan, which we refer
to as the FBR 2016 R&I Plan, consisting of an interest in a specified pool of securities (and the proceeds of those securities and any
replacement securities), which we refer to as the FBR 2016 asset pool. Awards granted under the FBR 2016 asset pool will vest on
February 10, 2020, subject to the executive officer’s continued employment through such date and to accelerated vesting upon certain
earlier terminations of employment. In particular, if, during the two years following a change in control, the executive officer is
terminated without cause or resigns for good reason, then any award granted under the FBR 2016 asset pool will fully vest. The merger
will constitute a change in control for this purpose.

Under the FBR 2016 R&I Plan, vested awards under the FBR 2016 asset pool may be settled in cash or by delivering assets from
the FBR 2016 asset pool with an aggregate fair market value equal to the portion of the FBR 2016 asset pool represented by such
award.

Quantification of Payments. For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of FBR’s named executive officers on
settlement of their unvested FBR 2016 asset pool awards, see “Quantification of Payments and Benefits to FBR’s Named Executive
Officers” below. The one executive officer who is not a named executive officer does not hold any unvested FBR 2016 asset pool
awards.

Retention Pool

Under the merger agreement, awards of B. Riley stock-based RSUs may be allocated to FBR employees, including executive
officers (other than the Chief Executive Officer), under a retention pool established by B. Riley in amounts and on terms as are
mutually agreed between the Chief Executive Officer of FBR (or his designee) and the Chief Executive Officer of B. Riley (or his
designee), with the grants to be made subject to, and effective upon, the effective time. See “The Merger Agreement—Employee
Matters.”

Each of Kenneth P. Slosser, FBR’s Executive Vice President and Head of Investment Banking, Adam J. Fishman, FBR’s
Executive Vice President and Head of Institutional Brokerage, and Bradley J. Wright, FBR’s Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer, Treasurer, and Chief Administrative Officer, have been allocated awards under the retention pool having an aggregate grant
date fair market value equal to $800,000, $800,000, and $400,000, respectively. The awards will vest on the third anniversary of the
closing date, subject to the executive officer’s continued employment with B. Riley or its affiliates through such anniversary and to
accelerated vesting upon an earlier qualifying termination.
 

-80-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 93/95

Table of Contents

Indemnification and Insurance

Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, FBR’s directors and executive officers will be entitled to certain ongoing
indemnification and coverage under directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies from the surviving corporation. This
indemnification and insurance coverage is further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Indemnification;
Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance.”

Quantification of Payments and Benefits to FBR’s Named Executive Officers

The table below sets forth the amount of payments and benefits that each of FBR’s named executive officers would receive in
connection with the merger, assuming that the merger were consummated and each such executive officer experienced a
qualifying termination on April 17, 2017. The amounts below are determined using a price per FBR common share of $18.25, the
average closing price per FBR common share over the first five business days following the announcement of the merger agreement,
and are based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur or be accurate on the relevant date, including the
assumptions described in the footnotes to the table. Consistent with SEC guidance, the amounts below do not take into account the
effect of the new Hendrix employment agreement or any awards of B. Riley stock-based RSUs allocated by B. Riley to named
executive officers under the retention pool. As a result of the foregoing assumptions, the actual amounts, if any, to be received by a
named executive officer may materially differ from the amounts set forth below.

Golden Parachute Compensation
 
Name   

Cash
($) (1) (2)      

Equity
($)(3)      

Perquisites/Benefits
($)(4)      

Other
($)(5)      

Total
($)  

Richard J. Hendrix    2,884,859      1,180,484      88,506      141,452      4,295,301 
Bradley J. Wright    138,462      927,356      —        141,452      1,207,269 
Kenneth P. Slosser    250,000      1,054,412      —        141,452      1,445,864 
Adam J. Fishman    250,000      1,054,412      —        141,452      1,445,864 
Gavin A. Beske    175,000      446,213      —        56,581      677,793 
James C. Neuhauser(6)    —        179,106      —        —        179,106 
 
(1) The cash payments payable to Mr. Hendrix consist of (a) a lump sum cash payment in an amount equal to two times the sum of

(i) his annual base salary and (ii) the average annual incentive bonuses earned by Mr. Hendrix with respect to the three completed
fiscal years preceding the date of termination ($2,466,667); and (b) a prorated annual incentive bonus for the year of termination
($418,192), determined based on actual performance pursuant to the 2017 Performance-Based Annual Incentive Compensation
Plan, which we refer to as the ICP, approved by the compensation committee of the FBR board of directors for named executive
officers, under which FBR’s named executive officers are eligible to share in the ICP pool in the event the requisite performance
goal is met. Under the ICP, a net revenue level of at least $120 million must be achieved, upon which an ICP pool of 6% of net
revenue beginning with the first dollar of revenue earned would fund, with any individual executive award not to exceed 3% of
net revenue. Historically, the compensation committee of the FBR board of directors has always exercised negative discretion and
reduced the amount of the ICP pool paid out to FBR’s named executive officers from its fully funded level. For purposes of this
table, it is assumed that 2017 revenue totaled $120 million, resulting in a 6% ICP pool of $7,200,000, divided equally among
FBR’s five named executive officers eligible for an award under the 2017 ICP, resulting in $1,440,000, one-fifth of the ICP pool,
allocated to Mr. Hendrix based on full-year performance. Assuming a termination of employment as of April 17, 2017, the
prorated annual incentive bonus payable to Mr. Hendrix through such date would be $418,192. Both payments are “double-
trigger” (i.e., payable upon a qualifying termination following a change in control).

 

(2) The cash payments payable to the named executive officers (other than Messrs. Hendrix and Neuhauser) consist of a lump sum
cash payment equal to (a) two weeks of pay for every year of service (subject to a minimum of six weeks of pay and a maximum
of 26 weeks of pay), and (b) payment of any commissions

 
-81-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 94/95

Table of Contents

 
earned as of the date of termination, in each case, under the FBR severance policy. Both payments are “double-trigger.” Set forth
below are the separate value of the severance payment and any unpaid commissions.

 

Name   

Severance Payment
(“Double-Trigger”)

($)    

Commission Payment
(“Double-Trigger”)

($)  
Bradley J. Wright    138,462    —   
Kenneth P. Slosser    250,000    —   
Adam J. Fishman    250,000    —   
Gavin A. Beske    175,000    —   

 

(3) As described above, all FBR options held by named executive officers will vest and be settled at the effective time (i.e., “single-
trigger” vesting) and all other FBR equity awards held by named executive officers will vest upon a qualifying termination (i.e.,
“double-trigger” vesting). Set forth below are the values of each type of unvested equity-based award that would vest upon the
effective time or a qualifying termination, as applicable, based on a price per FBR common share of $18.25, the average closing
price per FBR common share over the first five business days following the announcement of the merger agreement. None of
FBR’s named executive officers hold unvested stock options. For FBR PSUs, assumes performance conditions are deemed
satisfied at a level resulting in 50% of the FBR common shares subject to such FBR PSUs being earned, as provided under the
merger agreement.

 

Name   
FBR Options

($)    

FBR Restricted
Stock

($)    
FBR RSUs

($)    
FBR PSUs

($)  
Richard J. Hendrix    —      —      760,259    420,225 
Bradley J. Wright    —      —      633,202    294,154 
Kenneth P. Slosser    —      —      760,259    294,154 
Adam J. Fishman    —      —      760,259    294,154 
Gavin A. Beske    —      —      278,112    168,101 
James C. Neuhauser    —      —      53,838    125,268 

 
(4) The amount in the table for Mr. Hendrix equals the estimated value of health coverage continuation for three years following a

termination of employment without cause or resignation with good reason. This benefit is “double-trigger.” Because FBR retains
discretion as to whether to provide health coverage continuation under the FBR severance policy upon an involuntary termination,
no estimated value is included for the named executive officers other than Mr. Hendrix.

 

(5) As described above, all awards granted under the FBR 2016 asset pool will become fully vested upon a qualifying termination
(i.e., “double-trigger” vesting) and be settled either in cash or in kind (based on the fair market value of the portion of the FBR
2016 asset pool represented by such award).

 

(6) Mr. Neuhauser retired effective as of October 31, 2016. He remains eligible to earn the FBR RSUs and a prorated portion of the
FBR PSUs he held as of his retirement pursuant to the terms of the applicable award.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

Completion of the merger is conditioned on (i) the expiration or earlier termination of the applicable waiting period under the
HSR Act and (ii) the receipt of approval of each FBR broker-dealer subsidiary’s Continuing Membership Application by FINRA;
provided, however, that this condition will be deemed satisfied with respect to approval by FINRA in certain circumstances as
described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Merger,” and such approval not imposing any term, condition or consequence
which would constitute a burdensome condition.

Although the parties currently believe they should be able to obtain all required regulatory approvals in a timely manner, they
cannot be certain when or if they will obtain them or, if obtained, whether they will contain
 

-82-



9/7/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1371446/000119312517151824/d376010ddefm14a.htm 95/95

Table of Contents

terms, conditions or restrictions not currently contemplated that will be detrimental to B. Riley after the completion of the merger or
will constitute a burdensome condition.

Under the HSR Act, certain transactions, including the merger, may not be completed unless certain waiting period requirements
have expired or been terminated. The HSR Act provides that each party must file a pre-merger notification with the Antitrust Division
of the Department of Justice, which we refer to as the DOJ, and the Federal Trade Commission, which we refer to as the FTC. A
transaction notifiable under the HSR Act may not be completed until the expiration of a 30-calendar-day waiting period following the
parties’ filings of their respective HSR Act notification forms or the termination of that waiting period. If the DOJ or FTC issues a
Request for Additional Information and Documentary Material, which we refer to as a second request, prior to the expiration of the
initial waiting period, the parties must observe a second 30-calendar-day waiting period, which would begin to run only after both
parties have substantially complied with the second request, unless the waiting period is terminated earlier.

B. Riley and FBR each filed the requisite HSR Act notification forms on March 3, 2017. The parties received notice of the early
termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act on March 22, 2017.

The indirect change in control of the FBR broker-dealer subsidiaries resulting from the merger is subject to approval by FINRA
of each FBR broker-dealer subsidiary’s Continuing Membership Application. FBR submitted the Continuing Membership Applications
on March 6, 2017. FBR received approval of each broker-dealer subsidiary’s Continuing Membership Application on April 10, 2017.

Subject to the terms of the merger agreement, B. Riley and FBR have agreed to cooperate with each other and use (and cause
their respective subsidiaries to use) their respective reasonable best efforts to take or cause to be taken all actions, and do or cause to be
done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under the merger agreement and applicable laws to consummate
and make effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as soon as reasonably practicable,
including as promptly as reasonably practicable:
 

 •  preparing and filing all documentation to effect all necessary notices, reports and other filings; and
 

 
•  obtaining all consents, registrations, approvals, permits and authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any

third party and/or any governmental entity and/or any self-regulatory organization in order to


