







































9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 1/265

DEFM14A 1 d391974ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 
 

SCHEDULE 14A
PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(A) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 

 
Filed by the Registrant  ☒                            Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

UCP, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which
the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐
 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was
paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing:



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 2/265

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     

 
  



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 3/265

Table of Contents

MERGER PROPOSAL—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Fellow Stockholders:

As previously announced on April 11, 2017, UCP, Inc. (“UCP”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 10, 2017 (as it may be
amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), with Century Communities, Inc. (“Century Communities”) and Casa Acquisition Corp.
(“Merger Sub”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century Communities, pursuant to which UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub (the
“Merger”), with Merger Sub surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century Communities, and UCP no longer being a public company. If the
Merger Agreement is adopted by UCP stockholders and the Merger is consummated, UCP stockholders will receive, in exchange for each share of
UCP Class A Common Stock (as defined herein) owned by them immediately prior to the Merger, (i) 0.2309 of a share of Century Communities
Common Stock (as defined herein) (the “stock consideration”) plus (ii) $5.32 in cash (the “cash consideration” and, together with the stock
consideration, the “Merger Consideration”).

Based on Century Communities’ closing stock price on June 28, 2017, the most recent practicable date for which such information was available, the
Merger Consideration represented approximately $11.02 in value per share of UCP Class A Common Stock, which represents a premium of
approximately 19% over UCP’s closing stock price on April 10, 2017, the last trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement.
The value of the Merger Consideration will fluctuate based on the market price of Century Communities Common Stock until the completion of the
Merger. Shares of Century Communities Common Stock and shares of UCP Class A Common Stock are traded on the New York Stock Exchange (the
“NYSE”), under the ticker symbols “CCS” and “UCP,” respectively. We urge you to obtain current market quotations for the shares of Century
Communities Common Stock and UCP Class A Common Stock.

Based on the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock and UCP Class A Common Stock expected to be outstanding immediately
prior to the closing of the Merger, Century Communities expects to issue approximately 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common Stock
(not including shares of Century Communities Common Stock issuable in connection with the assumed conversion of outstanding UCP stock options
and restricted stock units into Century Communities stock options and restricted stock units in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger
Agreement). The issuance is expected to result in former UCP stockholders owning approximately 16.4%, and current Century Communities
stockholders owning approximately 83.2%, of the outstanding Century Communities Common Stock immediately after the completion of the Merger.

The Merger cannot be consummated unless UCP stockholders holding a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A Common
Stock and Class B Common Stock (collectively, the “UCP Common Stock”), voting together as a single class, as of the close of business on June 9,
2017 (the “Record Date”), vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the special meeting of UCP stockholders (the “UCP special
meeting”) to be held on August 1, 2017, at 11:00 a.m., local time, at the Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170 South Market Street, San Jose, California
95113. Your vote is very important regardless of the number of shares of UCP Common Stock you own. Whether or not you expect to attend
the UCP special meeting in person, please vote or otherwise submit a proxy to vote your shares as promptly as possible so that your shares
may be represented and voted at the UCP special meeting.

The board of directors of UCP (the “UCP Board”) recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement and FOR each of the other proposals to be voted on at the UCP special meeting, as described in more detail in the accompanying
proxy statement/prospectus. In considering the recommendations of the UCP Board, you should be aware that certain directors and executive
officers of UCP will have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally. See the
section entitled “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger” beginning on
page 92 of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus.

The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus provides important information regarding the UCP special meeting and a detailed description of the
Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby, and the matters to be presented at the UCP special meeting. We urge
you to read the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus (and any documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus) carefully and in its entirety. Please pay particular attention to “Risk Factors” beginning on page 34 of the
accompanying proxy statement/prospectus.

We hope to see you at the UCP special meeting and look forward to the successful completion of the Merger.

Sincerely,
 

Dustin L. Bogue
President and Chief Executive Officer
UCP, Inc.

Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be
issued in connection with the Merger described in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus or determined that the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus is truthful or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 4/265

The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus is dated July 3, 2017 and is first being mailed to UCP stockholders on or about July 3, 2017.



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 5/265

Table of Contents

UCP, INC.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
 

 

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To be Held on August 1, 2017

Dear Fellow Stockholders:

We are pleased to invite you to attend the special meeting of stockholders of UCP, Inc. (“UCP”) to be held on August 1, 2017 at
11:00 a.m., local time, at the Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170 South Market Street, San Jose, California 95113, for the following
purposes:
 

 

•  To consider and vote on the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 10, 2017 (as it may be amended
from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”) (a copy of which is attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus), by and among Century Communities, Inc. (“Century Communities”), Casa Acquisition Corp.
(“Merger Sub”), and UCP. The Merger Agreement provides that UCP will merge with and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”),
with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Century Communities, and UCP no longer being a
public company; and

 

 
•  To consider and vote on a proposal to adjourn the UCP special meeting, or any adjournments thereof, to another time or

place, if necessary or appropriate, as determined by UCP, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the
time of the UCP special meeting or any adjournments thereof to adopt the Merger Agreement.

UCP will transact no other business at the UCP special meeting except such business as may properly be brought before the UCP
special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Please refer to the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus for further
information with respect to the business to be transacted at the UCP special meeting.

The board of directors of UCP (the “UCP Board”) has fixed the close of business on June 9, 2017 as the record date (the “Record
Date”) for the UCP special meeting. Only holders of record of UCP Common Stock as of the Record Date are entitled to notice of, and
to vote at, the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Completion of the Merger is conditioned on, among
other things, adoption of the Merger Agreement by the UCP stockholders.

Adoption of the Merger Agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares
of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single class. Approval of the adjournment
proposal requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all classes of stock
entitled to vote on such question which are present in person or by proxy at the meeting.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement and FOR the
adjournment proposal.

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the UCP special meeting, please act promptly to submit a proxy
to vote your shares with respect to the proposals described above. You may submit a proxy to vote your shares by completing,
signing and dating the enclosed proxy card and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided. You also may submit a
proxy to vote your shares by



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 6/265

Table of Contents

telephone or through the Internet by following the instructions set forth on the proxy card. If you attend the UCP special
meeting, you may vote your shares in person, even if you have previously submitted a proxy in writing, by telephone or through
the Internet. If your shares are held in the name of a nominee or intermediary, please follow the instructions on the voting
instruction card furnished by such record holder.

We urge you to read the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, including all documents incorporated by reference into the
accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, and its annexes carefully and in their entirety. In particular, see “Risk Factors” beginning
on page 34 of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger
or the other transactions contemplated thereby, the UCP special meeting or the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, would like
additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, or need help submitting a proxy to have your shares of UCP
Common Stock voted, please contact UCP’s proxy solicitor:
 

105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
Telephone: (800) 322-2885

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

By Order of the Board of Directors,
 

W. Allen Bennett
Vice President and General Counsel

July 3, 2017



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 7/265

Table of Contents

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The accompanying document is the proxy statement of UCP for its special meeting of stockholders and the prospectus of Century
Communities relating to the offer and sale of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued to UCP stockholders in the Merger.
The accompanying proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Century Communities
and UCP from documents that are not included in or delivered with the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus. This information is
available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You can obtain documents incorporated by reference into the
accompanying proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or by telephone from Century Communities or UCP at the
following addresses and telephone numbers:
 

Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650

Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111
Attention: Corporate Secretary

Telephone: (303) 770-8300   

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
Attention: Investor Relations

Telephone: (408) 207-9499 Ext. 476

In addition, if you have questions about the Merger, the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or the
accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, or need to
obtain proxy cards or other information related to the proxy solicitation, please contact UCP’s proxy solicitor:

105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
Telephone: (800) 322-2885

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request. If you would like to request any documents, please do so
by July 25, 2017 to receive them before the UCP special meeting.

See also “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus for
further information.



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 8/265

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

This proxy statement/prospectus, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Century Communities with
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, constitutes a prospectus of Century Communities under Section 5 of the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended, with respect to the shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued to UCP stockholders pursuant to
the Merger Agreement. This proxy statement/prospectus also constitutes a proxy statement for UCP under Section 14(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In addition, it constitutes a notice of meeting with respect to the special meeting of UCP
stockholders.

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. No one
has been authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this
proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus is dated July 3, 2017. You should not assume that the information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. You should not assume that the information
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date of such information.
Neither our mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus to UCP stockholders nor the issuance by Century Communities of shares of
Century Communities Common Stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement will create any implication to the contrary.

This proxy statement/prospectus shall not constitute an offer to sell, or the solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or
the solicitation of a proxy, in any jurisdiction where, or to or from any person to whom, it is unlawful to make any such offer or
solicitation. Information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus regarding Century Communities has been provided by
Century Communities and information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus regarding UCP has been provided by
UCP.

Unless otherwise indicated or as the context otherwise requires, a reference in this proxy statement/prospectus to:
 

 
•  “adjournment proposal” means the proposal to approve the adjournment of the UCP special meeting, or any adjournments

thereof, to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, as determined by UCP, to solicit additional proxies if there are
insufficient votes at the time of the UCP special meeting or any adjournments thereof to adopt the Merger Agreement;

 

 •  “Century Communities” means Century Communities, Inc., a Delaware corporation;
 

 •  “Century Communities Board” means the board of directors of Century Communities;
 

 
•  “Century Communities Charter” means the Certificate of Incorporation of Century Communities effective as of April 30,

2013, as amended by the Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of Century Communities, Inc., effective
as of April 30, 2013;

 

 
•  “Century Communities Bylaws” means the Bylaws of Century Communities, Inc., effective as of April 30, 2013, as

amended by the Amendment to the Bylaws of Century Communities, Inc., adopted and effective on April 10, 2017;
 

 •  “Century Communities Common Stock” means the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Century Communities;
 

 •  “Citi” means Citigroup Global Markets Inc., UCP’s financial advisor in connection with the Merger;
 

 •  “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended;
 

 •  “combined company” means Century Communities, following the Merger;
 

 •  “DGCL” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware;
 

-i-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 9/265

Table of Contents

 
•  “dissenters’ shares” means shares of UCP Common Stock that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective

time of the Merger that are held by any UCP stockholder who is entitled to demand and who properly demands appraisal of
such stockholder’s shares pursuant to, and in compliance in all respects with, the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL;

 

 •  “EBITDA” means earnings before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization;
 

 •  “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended;
 

 
•  “Exchange Agent” means U.S. Bank National Association, a national banking association organized and existing under the

United States of America;
 

 
•  “Exchange Rate” has the meaning set forth in the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013, by and among UCP, UCP,

LLC, and PICO.
 

 •  “FASB” means the Financial Accounting Standards Board;
 

 •  “fractional share” means a fractional share of Century Communities Common Stock;
 

 •  “GAAP” means U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles;
 

 •  “Greenberg Traurig” means Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel to Century Communities;
 

 •  “IRS” means the Internal Revenue Service;
 

 
•  “Merger Agreement” means the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 10, 2017, among Century Communities, Merger

Sub, and UCP, as it may be amended from time to time, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference herein;

 

 

•  “Merger Consideration” means the consideration payable in the Merger by Century Communities to UCP stockholders in
respect of each share of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
(other than dissenters’ shares or treasury shares held by UCP and any shares of UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any
UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or Century Communities subsidiary) consisting of (i) $5.32 in cash, without any
interest thereon, and (ii) 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable share of Century Communities Common
Stock;

 

 
•  “Merger Sub” means Casa Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century

Communities;
 

 
•  “Merger” means, as contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the merger of UCP with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub

as the surviving corporation in such merger; the result of which is the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP becoming
direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities;

 

 •  “NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange;
 

 •  “Outside Date” means October 15, 2017;
 

 •  “Paul, Weiss” means Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, counsel to UCP;
 

 •  “PICO” means PICO Holdings, Inc., a California corporation and the majority stockholder of UCP;
 

 
•  “Record Date” means the close of business on June 9, 2017, the date and time as of which holders of UCP Common Stock

must be holders of record in order to receive notice of, and to vote at, the UCP special meeting.
 

 •  “SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission;
 

 •  “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;
 

 •  “Stock Exchange Ratio” means 0.2309;
 

-ii-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 10/265

Table of Contents

 •  “UCP” means UCP, Inc., a Delaware corporation;
 

 •  “UCP Board” means the board of directors of UCP;
 

 
•  “UCP Bylaws” means the Amended and Restated Bylaws of UCP, amended and effective as of July 17, 2013, as amended

by the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of UCP, Inc., dated December 28, 2016, and by the Amendment to
the Amended and Restated Bylaws of UCP, Inc., dated April 10, 2017;

 

 
•  “UCP Charter” means the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of UCP, amended and effective as of May 7,

2013;
 

 •  “UCP Class A Common Stock” means the Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of UCP;
 

 •  “UCP Class B Common Stock” means the Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of UCP;
 

 •  “UCP Common Stock” means the UCP Class A Common Stock and the UCP Class B Common Stock;
 

 •  “UCP, LLC” means UCP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of UCP;
 

 
•  “UCP Projections” refer to the information provided under “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—UCP

Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”; and
 

 

•  “Voting Agreement” means the Voting Support and Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated April 10, 2017, by and among
Century Communities, Merger Sub, PICO, for the limited purposes set forth therein, UCP, and for the limited purposes set
forth therein, UCP, LLC, as it may be amended from time to time, a copy of which is attached as Annex B to this proxy
statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference herein.

 
 

 
 

-iii-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 11/265

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    1 
SUMMARY    10 

The Companies    10 
UCP Special Meeting    12 
The Merger Agreement and the Merger    14 
The Voting Agreement    14 
Merger Consideration    15 
UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors    16 
Opinion of UCP’s Financial Advisor    16 
Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger    16 
Board of Directors and Management Following the Merger    17 
Treatment of UCP Equity Awards in the Merger    17 
Certain Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    17 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger    18 
Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger    18 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    18 
Completion of the Merger is Subject to Certain Conditions    19 
No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals    20 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    20 
Fees and Expenses and Termination Fees    20 
Listing of Shares of Century Communities Common Stock and Delisting and Deregistration of UCP Class A Common

Stock    21 
Comparison of Stockholder Rights    21 
Appraisal Rights    21 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES    22 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF UCP    24 
SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    27 
COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA    28 
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    30 
CAUTIONARY INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    32 
RISK FACTORS    34 
THE COMPANIES    48 
UCP SPECIAL MEETING    51 

Date, Time and Location    51 
Purpose    51 
Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors    51 
Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Stockholders Entitled to Vote    51 
Quorum    52 
Required Vote    53 
Share Ownership of and Voting by UCP Directors and Executive Officers    53 
Voting of Shares    53 
Revocability of Proxies; Changing Your Vote    54 
Solicitation of Proxies; Expenses of Solicitation    55 
Householding    55 
Adjournment    55 
Tabulation of Votes; Methods of Voting; Results    55 
Other Information    56 
Assistance; Proxy Solicitor    56 

 
-iv-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 12/265

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page  
PROPOSAL I: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT    57 

General    57 
Effects of the Merger    57 
Background of the Merger    57 
UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors    70 
Opinion of UCP’s Financial Advisor    77 
Century Communities Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    85 
UCP Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    88 
Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger    92 
Board of Directors and Management Following the Merger    94 
Treatment of UCP Equity Awards    94 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    95 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger    99 
Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger    99 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    99 
Exchange of Shares in the Merger    100 
Dividends and Share Repurchases    101 
Listing of Shares of Century Communities Common Stock and Delisting and Deregistration of UCP Class A Common

Stock    101 
Appraisal Rights    101 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    103 
THE VOTING AGREEMENT    120 
PROPOSAL II: ADJOURNMENT OF UCP SPECIAL MEETING    122 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    123 
NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    129 
DESCRIPTION OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES CAPITAL STOCK    135 

Authorized Shares    135 
Provisions in the Century Communities Charter and Century Communities Bylaws With Possible Anti-Takeover Effects    136 

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS    138 
APPRAISAL RIGHTS    143 
LEGAL MATTERS    149 
EXPERTS    149 

Century Communities    149 
UCP    149 

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    150 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    152 

Century Communities’ SEC Filings    152 
UCP’s SEC Filings    152 

ANNEXES   
Annex A: Merger Agreement

   
A-

1 
Annex B: Voting Agreement    B-1 
Annex C: Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc.    C-1 
Annex D: DGCL Section 262

   
D-

1 
 

-v-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 13/265

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following questions and answers are intended to address some commonly asked questions regarding the Merger, the Merger
Agreement, certain voting procedures and other matters with respect to the special meeting of UCP stockholders. These questions and
answers may not address all questions that may be important to UCP stockholders. To better understand these matters, and for a more
complete description of the terms of the Merger Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
thereby including, certain risks relating to the Merger and Century Communities following the Merger, and the proceedings to be
conducted at the UCP special meeting, you should carefully read this entire proxy statement/prospectus, including each of the attached
annexes, as well as the documents that have been incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Why am I receiving this proxy statement/prospectus?
 

A: On April 10, 2017, Century Communities, Merger Sub, and UCP entered into the Merger Agreement that is described in this
proxy statement/prospectus. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated by reference herein. In order to complete the Merger, among other things, UCP stockholders must affirmatively vote
to adopt the Merger Agreement.

UCP is holding a special meeting of stockholders to obtain the requisite approval of its stockholders of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement. In addition, UCP stockholders will also be asked to approve the adjournment proposal. UCP’s named executive
officers are identified under “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in
the Merger” beginning on page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

This proxy statement/prospectus serves as both a proxy statement of UCP and a prospectus of Century Communities in
connection with the Merger.

Your vote is very important. We encourage you to complete, sign, date and submit a proxy card to have your shares of
UCP Common Stock voted as soon as possible.

 
Q: What will happen in the Merger?
 

A: In the Merger, UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub being the surviving corporation. As a result of the
Merger, Merger Sub, together with the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will become direct and indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Century Communities, UCP’s separate corporate existence will cease to exist, and UCP will no longer be a
publicly traded company. See “The Merger Agreement—Structure and Effect of the Merger” and the Merger Agreement attached
as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus for more information about the Merger.

 
Q: What will UCP stockholders receive in the Merger?
 

A: At the effective time of the Merger each share of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than dissenters’ shares or treasury shares
held by UCP and any shares of UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or Century
Communities subsidiary) will be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for the Merger Consideration,
consisting of (i) $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon, and (ii) 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable
share of Century Communities Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued in the Merger, and UCP stockholders will
receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.

Based on the closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as reported on NYSE on April 10, 2017, the
last trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, the Merger

 
-1-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 14/265

Table of Contents

Consideration represented approximately $11.35 in value per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. Based on the closing sale
price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock on NYSE on June 28, 2017, the most recent practicable trading day
prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the Merger Consideration represented approximately $11.02 in value per
share of UCP Class A Common Stock.

Because Century Communities will, in addition to the payment of $5.32 of cash consideration, issue in the Merger to UCP
stockholders a fixed number of shares (0.2309) of Century Communities Common Stock in exchange for each share of
UCP Class A Common Stock and because there will be no adjustment made to such fixed number of shares, the aggregate
value of the Merger Consideration that UCP stockholders will receive in the Merger will depend on the then-current
NYSE market price of shares of Century Communities Common Stock at the effective time of the Merger. As a result, the
value of the Merger Consideration that UCP stockholders will receive in the Merger could be greater than, less than, or
the same as, the value of the Merger Consideration on the date of this proxy statement/prospectus or at the time of the
UCP special meeting.

 
Q: What happens if the Merger is not completed?
 

A: If the Merger is not completed for any reason, UCP stockholders will not receive any Merger Consideration for their shares of
UCP Class A Common Stock, and UCP will remain an independent public company with UCP Class A Common Stock
continuing to be traded on NYSE.

 
Q: If I am a UCP stockholder, how will I receive the Merger Consideration to which I became entitled?
 

A: Following the completion of the Merger, the Exchange Agent will forward to you a form letter of transmittal to be completed,
signed and mailed by you to the Exchange Agent. Upon receipt by the Exchange Agent of your properly completed, signed and
dated letter of transmittal, a certificate (or certificates), or a book-entry notation, evidencing the Century Communities Common
Stock you are entitled to receive, together with a check representing cash, including any cash in lieu of fractional shares you are
entitled to receive, will be sent to you. For more information about the exchange of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock for
shares of Century Communities Common Stock and cash, see “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Exchange of
Shares in the Merger” beginning on page 100 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: When and where will the UCP special meeting be held?
 

A: The UCP special meeting will be held on August 1, 2017, at 11:00 a.m. local time, at the Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170 South
Market Street, San Jose, California 95113.

 
Q: What are UCP stockholders being asked to vote on?
 

A: UCP stockholders are being asked to vote on:
 

 

•  Proposal I: a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which UCP will merge with and into Merger Sub, with
Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation in such Merger, such that the separate corporate existence of UCP will
cease to exist, UCP no longer will be a publicly traded company, and the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP will
become direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities; and

 

 •  Proposal II: the adjournment proposal.

The adoption by UCP stockholders of the Merger Agreement is a condition to the obligations of Century Communities and of
UCP to complete the Merger. The approval of the adjournment proposal is not a condition to the obligations of Century
Communities or of UCP to complete the Merger.

 
-2-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 15/265

Table of Contents

Q: Who is entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting?
 

A: UCP has two classes of voting stock issued and outstanding, the UCP Class A Common Stock and the UCP Class B Common
Stock (referred to collectively as the UCP Common Stock), which generally vote together as a single class on all matters
presented to UCP stockholders for their vote or approval. Only holders of record of UCP Common Stock as of the Record Date,
the close of business on June 9, 2017, are entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement
thereof.

As of the Record Date, there were 7,966,314 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding and 100 shares of UCP Class B
Common Stock outstanding. Each outstanding share of UCP Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote on each matter to be
acted upon at the UCP special meeting. Each outstanding share of UCP Class B Common Stock is entitled to, without regard to
the number of shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held by the holder of such share, a number of votes equal to the number of
Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by such holder, multiplied by the Exchange Rate. As of the Record Date, the sole holder of
record of all outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock was PICO, and PICO held 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP,
LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

 
Q: How does the UCP Board recommend that UCP stockholders vote?
 

A: At a meeting of the UCP Board held on April 10, 2017, at which all of the UCP directors were present, the UCP Board
unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including
the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, UCP and its stockholders, and approved and declared advisable the Merger
Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the proposed Merger.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and FOR the
adjournment proposal. See “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation
of the UCP Board of Directors” and “Proposal II: Adjournment of UCP Special Meeting” beginning on pages 70 and 122,
respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What UCP stockholder vote is required for the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the adjournment

proposal, and what happens if I abstain?
 

A: The following are the vote requirements:
 

 

•  Adoption of the Merger Agreement: The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the voting power
of the outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common Stock, voting together as a single
class, is required to adopt the Merger Agreement. Accordingly, shares deemed not in attendance at the UCP special meeting,
whether due to a record holder’s failure to vote or a “street name” holder’s failure to provide any voting instructions to such
holder’s nominee or intermediary, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption
of the Merger Agreement.

 

 

•  Adjournment of UCP Special Meeting: The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the votes
which could be cast by the holders of all classes of stock entitled to vote on such question which are present in person or by
proxy at the UCP special meeting is required to approve the adjournment proposal. Accordingly, abstentions will have the
same effect as a vote against the proposal, but shares deemed not in attendance at the meeting, whether due to a record
holder’s failure to vote or a “street name” holder’s failure to provide any voting instructions to such holder’s nominee or
intermediary, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the proposal.

 
-3-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 16/265

Table of Contents

Q: How many votes do I and others have?
 

A: Holders of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common Stock generally vote together as a single class on all matters
presented to UCP stockholders for their vote or approval, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and the
adjournment proposal to be presented at the UCP special meeting. Holders of UCP Class A Common Stock are entitled to one
vote for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock owned as of the Record Date. PICO holds all of the outstanding shares of
UCP Class B Common Stock, which entitles PICO, without regard to the number of shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held
by it, to one vote for each Series A Unit of UCP, LLC held by PICO, multiplied by the Exchange Rate. As of the Record Date,
there were 7,966,314 outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, and PICO held 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP,
LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, PICO entered into the Voting Agreement with Century Communities.
As of the Record Date, the shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held by PICO subject to the Voting Agreement represent
approximately 57% of the aggregate voting power of the UCP Common Stock. PICO has agreed in the Voting Agreement to,
among other things, vote all shares of UCP capital stock held by it (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and any
action required in furtherance thereof, (ii) against approval of any proposal made in opposition to, in competition with, or that
would result in a breach of the Merger Agreement or the Merger or any other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, and (iii) against certain other actions that are intended or would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, or
materially impair or delay, the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement in accordance with their terms. The Voting Agreement terminates automatically on the first to occur of (i) the
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, and (ii) the effective time of the Merger. In addition, if the
UCP Board changes its recommendation with respect to the Merger Agreement due to an “Intervening Event” (as defined in the
Merger Agreement) and Century Communities does not exercise its right to terminate the Merger Agreement, PICO’s voting
obligations as described above will not apply to all shares of UCP capital stock held by PICO but, in lieu and instead thereof, will
be in respect of a number of shares of UCP Common Stock equal to 28% of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares
of UCP Common Stock.

 
Q: Why are the Merger Agreement and the Merger not being considered and voted upon by Century Communities’ stockholders?
 

A: Under Delaware law, Century Communities stockholders are not required to consider and vote to adopt the Merger Agreement.
Under NYSE rules, stockholder approval is required prior to the issuance by an NYSE-listed issuer of common stock in a
business combination transaction if the number of shares of common stock to be issued in the business combination equals 20%
or more of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before such issuance. The issuance by Century Communities in the
Merger of approximately 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common Stock will not equal 20% or more of the total
issued and outstanding shares of Century Communities Common Stock at the time of issuance.

 
Q: Are there any important risks related to the Merger or Century Communities’ or UCP’s businesses of which I should be

aware?
 

A: Yes, there are important risks related to the Merger and each of Century Communities’ and UCP’s businesses. Before making any
decision on how to vote, Century Communities and UCP urge you to read carefully and in its entirety “Risk Factors” beginning
on page 34 of this proxy statement/prospectus. You also should read and carefully consider the risk factors relating to Century
Communities and UCP contained in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus,
including Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2016 (in UCP’s case, as amended by Amendment Number 1 to the 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on
April 28, 2017), as updated from time to time in each company’s subsequent filings with the SEC.

 
-4-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 17/265

Table of Contents

Q: Do UCP directors and officers have interests that may differ from those of other UCP stockholders?
 

A: Yes. In considering the recommendation of the UCP Board that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, UCP stockholders should be aware and take into account the fact that certain UCP directors and executive officers
have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally and that may
create potential conflicts of interest. The UCP Board was aware of and carefully considered these interests, among other matters,
in evaluating the terms and structure, and overseeing the negotiation of, the Merger, in approving the Merger Agreement and in
recommending that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal. See
“Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger” beginning on
page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the UCP special meeting?
 

A: A quorum of outstanding shares is necessary to take action at the UCP special meeting. The presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding classes of stock entitled to
vote at the meeting will constitute a quorum at the UCP special meeting. The inspector of election appointed for the UCP special
meeting will determine whether a quorum is present. The inspector of election will treat abstentions and broker non-votes as
present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum.

 
Q: How do I vote?
 

A: If you are a stockholder of record as of the Record Date for the UCP special meeting, you may attend the UCP special meeting
and vote your shares in person. You also may choose to submit your proxies by any of the following methods:

 

 
•  By Mail. If you choose to submit your proxy to vote by mail, simply complete the enclosed proxy card, date and sign it, and

return it in the postage-paid envelope provided;
 

 
•  By Telephone. You may submit your proxy to vote your shares by telephone by calling the toll-free number provided on your

proxy card any time up to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, on July 31, 2017; or
 

 
•  Through the Internet. You may also submit your proxy to vote through the Internet by signing on to the website identified on

your proxy card and following the procedures described in the website any time up to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, on July 31,
2017.

If you are a beneficial owner and hold your shares in street name, or through a nominee or intermediary, such as a bank or broker,
you will receive separate instructions from such nominee or intermediary describing how to vote your shares. The availability of
telephonic or internet voting will depend on the intermediary’s voting process. Please check with your nominee or intermediary
and follow the voting instructions provided by your nominee or intermediary with these materials.

 
Q: What is a “broker non-vote”?
 

A: If a holder of UCP Class A Common Stock is a beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” by a bank, broker, trust company
or other nominee and does not provide the organization that holds its shares with specific voting instructions, then, under
applicable rules, the organization that holds its shares may generally vote on “routine” matters but cannot vote on “non-routine”
matters. Both of the proposals to be voted on at the UCP special meeting are “non-routine” matters. If the organizations that holds
the beneficial owner’s shares does not receive instructions from such UCP stockholder on how to vote its shares on either
proposal to be voted on at the UCP special meeting, that bank, broker, trust company or other nominee will inform the inspector
of election at the UCP special meeting that it does not have authority to vote on any proposal at the UCP special meeting with
respect to such shares, and, furthermore, such shares will not be deemed to

 
-5-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 18/265

Table of Contents

 
be in attendance at the meeting. However, if the bank, broker, trust company or other nominee receives instructions from such
UCP stockholder on how to vote its shares as to only one proposal, the shares will be voted as instructed on that proposal but will
not be voted on the other, uninstructed proposal. This is generally referred to as a “broker non-vote.”

 

Q: If my shares are held in street name, will my nominee or intermediary automatically vote my shares for me?
 

A: No. If your shares of UCP Class A Common Stock are held in street name, you must instruct your nominee or intermediary how
to vote your shares. Your nominee or intermediary will vote your shares only if you provide instructions on how to vote by
properly completing the voting instruction form sent to you by your nominee or intermediary with this proxy
statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What will happen if I return my proxy card without indicating how to vote?
 

A: If you return your signed and dated proxy card without indicating how to vote your shares on any particular proposal, the UCP
Common Stock represented by your proxy will be voted in accordance with the recommendation of the UCP Board.

 
Q: Is my vote important?
 

A: Yes, your vote is very important. The Merger cannot be completed without the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP
stockholders.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement.

 
Q. Can I revoke my proxy or change my voting instructions?
 

A: Yes. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote, at any time, before your proxy is voted at the UCP special meeting.

If you are a holder of record as of the Record Date, you can revoke your proxy or change your vote by:
 

 
•  sending a written notice stating that you revoke your proxy to the Secretary of UCP, at UCP’s offices at 99 Almaden

Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113, Attention: Secretary, that bears a date later than the date of the previously
submitted proxy that you want to revoke and is received by UCP’s Secretary prior to the UCP special meeting;

 

 •  submitting a valid, later-dated proxy via mail, over the telephone or through the Internet; or
 

 
•  attending the UCP special meeting and voting in person, which will automatically cancel any proxy previously given, or

revoking your proxy in person, but your attendance alone will not constitute a vote or revoke any proxy previously given.

If you hold your shares in street name, you must contact your nominee or intermediary to change your vote or obtain a legal
proxy to vote your shares if you wish to cast your vote in person at the UCP special meeting.

 
Q: What happens if I transfer my shares of UCP Class A Common Stock before the UCP special meeting?
 

A: The Record Date is earlier than the date of the UCP special meeting and the date that the Merger is expected to be completed. If
you transfer your shares of UCP Class A Common Stock after the Record Date, but before the UCP special meeting, you will
retain your right to vote at the UCP special meeting. However, you will have transferred the right to receive the Merger
Consideration in the Merger. In order to receive the Merger Consideration, you must hold your shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock through the effective time of the Merger.

 
-6-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 19/265

Table of Contents

Q: What do I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement/prospectus, the proxy
card or the voting instruction form. This can occur if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, if you hold shares
directly as a holder of record and also in street name, or otherwise through another holder of record, and in certain other
circumstances. If you receive more than one set of voting materials, please vote or return each set separately in order to ensure
that all of your shares are voted.

 
Q: What will happen if all of the proposals to be considered at the UCP special meeting are not approved?
 

A: As a condition to completion of the Merger, UCP stockholders must adopt the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting.
Completion of the Merger is not conditioned or dependent upon the approval of the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: Are UCP stockholders entitled to seek appraisal rights if they do not vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement?
 

A: Yes. Under Delaware law, record holders of UCP Common Stock who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and who continuously hold their shares of UCP Common Stock through the effective time of the Merger and
otherwise comply in all respects with the procedures set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL, will be entitled to seek appraisal rights
in connection with the Merger, and if the Merger is completed, obtain payment in cash of the fair value of their shares of UCP
Common Stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, instead of receiving the Merger Consideration for their shares.
Under Section 262 of the DGCL, the Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss any appraisal proceedings as to all stockholders
who have perfected their appraisal rights unless (i) the total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, or (ii) the value of the Merger Consideration provided in the Merger Agreement for the
total number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock entitled to appraisal exceeds $1 million. To exercise appraisal rights, UCP
stockholders must comply with the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. These procedures are summarized under
“Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 143 of this proxy statement/prospectus. In addition, the full text of Section 262 of the
DGCL is included as Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus. Failure to comply with these provisions may result in a loss of
the right of appraisal.

 
Q: What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger to U.S. holders of UCP Class A Common Stock?
 

A: The Merger is intended to qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code. Assuming that the Merger qualifies as a reorganization, a U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock
will generally recognize gain to the extent described below, but not loss, if the U.S. holder surrenders its shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock in exchange for a combination of Century Communities Common Stock and cash. In such case, that U.S. holder
will generally recognize gain equal to the lesser of (i) the cash received (other than cash in lieu of any fractional share) and (ii) the
excess of the sum of the cash received (other than cash in lieu of any fractional share) and the fair market value (on the date of the
Merger) of the Century Communities Common Stock received (including any fractional share for which cash was paid) over such
U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered by such U.S. holder in the Merger. In
addition, such U.S. holder will generally recognize gain or loss on the receipt of cash in lieu of any fractional share. See
“Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on
page 95 of this proxy statement/prospectus for more information.

 
-7-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 20/265

Table of Contents

Q: What are the conditions to the completion of the Merger?
 

A: Completion of the Merger is subject to certain closing conditions, including, but not limited to, the (i) adoption of the Merger
Agreement by UCP stockholders; (ii) effectiveness of the registration statement under the Securities Act of which this proxy
statement/prospectus is a part; and (iii) satisfaction (or to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of other customary
conditions to closing. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 114 of this
proxy statement/prospectus for more information.

 
Q: When is the Merger expected to be completed?
 

A: As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, it is not possible to accurately estimate the closing date for the Merger because
the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of the conditions to Century
Communities’ and UCP’s obligations to complete the Merger, some of which are not within the control of such parties; however,
Century Communities and UCP currently expect the Merger to close during the third quarter of 2017. Accordingly, no assurance
can be given as to when, or if, the Merger will be completed.

 
Q: Do I need to do anything at this time with my shares of UCP Common Stock other than voting on the proposals at the UCP

special meeting?
 

A: If you are a UCP stockholder, you will be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration for your shares after the effective time of
the Merger (assuming you do not properly exercise your appraisal rights in respect of such shares as described under “Appraisal
Rights”). However, there is no action that you are requested to take at this time, other than affirmatively voting FOR the adoption
of the Merger Agreement, and FOR the adjournment proposal in accordance with one of the methods of voting set forth in “UCP
Special Meeting—Voting of Shares” beginning on page 53 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Should I send in my UCP stock certificates now to receive the Merger Consideration?
 

A: No. UCP stockholders should not send in their stock certificates to any person at this time. After the effective time of the Merger,
Century Communities’ Exchange Agent will send you a letter of transmittal and instructions for exchanging your shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock for the Merger Consideration. See “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Exchange of Shares
in the Merger” beginning on page 100 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Is the completion of the Merger subject to a financing condition?
 

A: No. The receipt of any financing by Century Communities is not a condition to completion of the Merger or any of the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and, except in certain limited circumstances in which Century Communities
or UCP may be permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement (as more fully described in “The Merger Agreement—Termination
of the Merger Agreement”), Century Communities will be required to complete the Merger (assuming that all of the conditions to
its obligations to complete the Merger under the Merger Agreement are satisfied or waived) whether or not financing is available
on acceptable terms or at all. Century Communities currently intends to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, repay
and redeem certain outstanding indebtedness of UCP and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees and expenses in connection with
the Merger using cash on hand at the time of closing.

 
Q: How will UCP’s outstanding indebtedness be treated in the Merger?
 

A: Upon consummation of the Merger, Century Communities intends to repay or assume UCP’s project-level secured acquisition,
development and constructions loans, which had approximately $87 million outstanding as of March 31, 2017, and redeem,
satisfy and discharge UCP’s $75 million principal amount of 8.5% Senior Notes due 2017, to the extent still outstanding at the
time of the consummation of the Merger.

 
-8-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 21/265

Table of Contents

Q: Will the Century Communities Common Stock issued to UCP stockholders at the time of completion of the Merger be traded
on an exchange?

 

A: Yes. It is a condition to completion of the Merger that the shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued to UCP
stockholders in the Merger be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance. Shares of Century
Communities Common are currently traded on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “CCS.”

 
Q: If I am a UCP stockholder, whom should I contact with questions?
 

A: If you have any questions about the Merger or the UCP special meeting, or desire additional copies of this proxy
statement/prospectus, proxy cards or voting instruction forms, you should contact:

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
Attention: Investor Relations

Email: Investorrelations@unioncommunityllc.com
Telephone: (408) 207-9499 Ext. 476

or
 

105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
Telephone: (800) 322-2885

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

 
Q: Where can I find more information about Century Communities and UCP?
 

A: You can find more information about Century Communities and UCP from the various sources described under “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
-9-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 22/265

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement/prospectus. It may not contain all of the information
that is important to you. You are urged to read this entire proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents referred to or
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus in order to fully understand the Merger, the Merger Agreement and
other matters to be considered at the UCP special meeting. See “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152
of this proxy statement/prospectus. Each item in this summary refers to the beginning page of this proxy statement/prospectus on
which that subject is discussed in more detail.

The Companies (See page 48)

Century Communities, Inc.

Century Communities is engaged in the development, design, construction, marketing and sale of single-family attached and
detached homes in metropolitan areas in Colorado, Austin and San Antonio, Texas (which we refer to as “Central Texas”),
Houston, Texas, Las Vegas, Nevada, Atlanta, Georgia, Salt Lake City, Utah, and Charlotte, North Carolina. In many of its projects,
in addition to building homes, Century Communities is responsible for the entitlement and development of the underlying land.
Century Communities’ homebuilding operations are organized into the following seven operating segments based on the
geographic markets in which it operates: Atlanta, Central Texas, Charlotte, Colorado, Houston, Nevada, and Utah. Additionally,
Century Communities’ wholly owned subsidiaries, Inspire Home Loans Inc. and Parkway Financial Group LLC, which provide
mortgage and title services to its home buyers, respectively, have been identified as its Financial Services operating segment.

Century Communities builds and sells an extensive range of home types across a variety of price points. Its emphasis is on
acquiring well located land positions and offering quality homes with innovative design elements. The core of its business plan is
to acquire and develop land strategically, based on its understanding of population growth patterns, entitlement restrictions and
infrastructure development. Century Communities focuses on locations within its markets with convenient access to metropolitan
areas that are generally characterized by diverse economic and employment bases and demographics and increasing populations.
Century Communities believes these conditions create strong demand for new housing, and these locations represent what it
believes to be attractive opportunities for long-term growth. Century Communities also seeks assets that have desirable
characteristics, such as good access to major job centers, schools, shopping, recreation and transportation facilities, and it strives to
offer a broad spectrum of product types in these locations. Product development and customer service are key components of the
lifestyle connection Century Communities seeks to establish with each individual homebuyer. Century Communities’ construction
expertise across an extensive product offering allows it flexibility to pursue a wide array of land acquisition opportunities and
appeal to a broad range of potential homebuyers, from entry-level to first- and second-time move-up buyers and lifestyle
homebuyers. Additionally, Century Communities believes its diversified product strategy enables it to adapt quickly to changing
market conditions and to optimize returns while strategically reducing portfolio risk.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, Century Communities delivered 2,825 homes, with an average sales price of
$346.5 thousand. During the same period, it generated approximately $978.7 million in home sales revenue, approximately $73.1
million in income before tax expense, and approximately $49.5 million in net income. For the year ended December 31, 2016,
Century Communities’ net new home contracts totaled 2,860 homes, a 21.4% increase over the same period in 2015. On
December 31, 2016, Century Communities had a backlog of 749 sold but unclosed homes, consisting of approximately $302.8
million in sales value, a 11.7% increase over the same period in 2015. Its results of operations are significantly impacted by its
acquisitions of Peachtree Communities Group, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries in November 2014, Grand View Builders in
August 2014, and Las Vegas Land Holdings, LLC in April 2014. Subsequent to the acquisition, these operations became Century
Communities’ Atlanta, Houston and Nevada operating segments, respectively.
 

 
-10-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 23/265

Table of Contents

During 2016, Century Communities also invested for future growth through (i) its entrance into the Utah and North Carolina
markets, (ii) commencing its wholly owned financing operations, Parkway Financial Group, and (iii) acquiring a 50% ownership
in Wade Jurney Homes. Century Communities also continued to expand its future pipeline of land positions as it increased its total
lots owned and under control from 13,160 as of December 31, 2015 to 18,296 as of December 31, 2016.

Century Communities’ principal executive offices are located at 8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650, Greenwood Village,
Colorado 80111. Its main telephone number is (303) 770-8300.

UCP, Inc.

UCP is a homebuilder and land developer with expertise in residential land acquisition, development and entitlement, as well
as home design, construction and sales. UCP operates in the states of California, Washington, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Tennessee. UCP designs, constructs and sells high quality single-family homes through Benchmark Communities, LLC (which we
refer to as “Benchmark Communities”), its wholly owned homebuilding subsidiary. Prior to completion of its initial public
offering of UCP Class A Common Stock (its “IPO”) on July 23, 2013, UCP operated as a wholly owned subsidiary of PICO
Holdings, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed, diversified holding company. Subsequent to UCP’s IPO, PICO holds a majority of the voting
power of UCP, Inc. and of the economic interests of UCP, LLC, the subsidiary through which UCP operates its business under the
name UCP.

UCP has segmented its operating activities into two geographical regions and currently has homebuilding reportable
segments and land development reportable segments in the West and Southeast.

In California, UCP primarily operates in the Central Valley area (Fresno and Madera counties), the Monterey Bay area
(Monterey County), the South San Francisco Bay area (Santa Clara and San Benito counties) and in Southern California (Los
Angeles, Ventura and Kern counties). In Washington State, it operates in the Puget Sound area (King, Snohomish, Thurston and
Kitsap counties). In North Carolina, it operates in the Charlotte and Raleigh areas (Mecklenburg, Iredell, Union, Chatham
counties). In South Carolina, UCP operates in the Myrtle Beach area (Horry County). In Tennessee, it operates in the Nashville
area (Davidson, Rutherford, Wilson and Sumner counties).

UCP believes that these markets have attractive residential real estate investment characteristics, such as favorable long-term
population demographics, consumer demand for single-family housing that often exceeds available supply, large and growing
employment bases, and the ability to generate above-average investment returns. It continues to experience significant
homebuilding and land development opportunities in its current markets and is evaluating potential expansion opportunities in
other markets that it believes have attractive long-term investment characteristics.

UCP actively sources, evaluates and acquires land for residential real estate development and homebuilding. For each of its
real estate assets, it periodically analyzes ways to maximize value by either (i) building single-family homes and marketing them
for sale under its Benchmark Communities brand or (ii) completing entitlement work and horizontal infrastructure development
and selling lots to third-party homebuilders. It performs this analysis using a disciplined analytical process, which UCP believes is
a differentiating component of its business strategy.

UCP builds homes through its wholly owned homebuilding subsidiary, Benchmark Communities, LLC. Benchmark
Communities operates under the principle that “Everything Matters!” This principle underlies all phases of UCP’s new home sale
and construction process including planning, design, construction, marketing, sales and the customer experience. UCP is
diversified by product offering, which it believes reduces its exposure to any particular market or customer segment. UCP decides
to target specific and identifiable buyer segments by
 

 
-11-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 24/265

Table of Contents

project and geographic market, in part dictated by each particular asset, its location, topography and competitive market
positioning, and the amenities of the surrounding area and the community in which it is located.

UCP believes that its sizable inventory of well-located land provides it with a significant opportunity to develop communities
and design, construct and sell homes under its Benchmark Communities brand. UCP expects that homebuilding and home sales
will constitute its primary means of generating revenue growth for the foreseeable future.

UCP’s principal executive offices are located at 99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113. Its telephone
number is (408) 207-9499.

Merger Sub

Casa Acquisition Corp. (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century Communities, is a
Delaware corporation that was formed on April 7, 2017 for the sole purpose of effecting the Merger. In the Merger, UCP will be
merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub surviving the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub, together with the
legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will become direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities.

Merger Sub’s principal executive offices and its telephone number are the same as those of Century Communities.

UCP Special Meeting (See page 51)

General

The UCP special meeting will be held on August 1, 2017, at 11:00 a.m., local time, at the Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170
Market Street, San Jose, California 95113. At the UCP special meeting, UCP stockholders will vote on:
 

 •  the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and
 

 •  the adjournment proposal.

The adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders is a condition to the obligations of Century Communities and of
UCP to complete the Merger.

Record Date

The UCP Board has fixed the close of business on June 9, 2017 as the Record Date for determination of the UCP
stockholders entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Only UCP stockholders of
record on the Record Date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof.

UCP has two classes of voting stock issued and outstanding, the UCP Class A Common Stock and the UCP Class B Common
Stock, which generally vote together as a single class on all matters presented to UCP stockholders for their vote or approval. As
of the Record Date, there were 7,966,314 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the UCP
special meeting, held by approximately three holders of record, and there were 100 shares of UCP Class B Common Stock
outstanding and entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting, held by one holder of record (PICO). With respect to each matter to be
acted upon at the UCP special meeting, each holder of UCP Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each outstanding
share of UCP Class A Common Stock held by such holder, and each holder of UCP Class B Common Stock is entitled to,
 

 
-12-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 25/265

Table of Contents

without regard to the number of outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held by such holder, a number of votes equal
to the number of Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by such holder, multiplied by the Exchange Rate. As of the Record Date, the
sole holder of record of all outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock is PICO, and PICO holds 10,593,000 Series A
Units of UCP, LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

Quorum

A quorum of outstanding shares is necessary to take action at the UCP special meeting. The presence in person or by proxy
of the holders of UCP Common Stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding classes
of stock entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting will constitute a quorum at the UCP special meeting. Abstentions and broker
non-votes will be counted as present in determining the existence of a quorum. However shares held by a beneficial owner in
“street name” who does not give the nominee or other intermediary that holds such shares instructions on how to vote such shares
on any proposal to be voted on at the UCP special meeting will not be deemed to be in attendance at the meeting or counted for
purposes of determining whether a quorum has been achieved.

Required Vote

The required number of votes to approve the matters to be voted upon at the UCP special meeting depends on the particular
item to be voted upon as set out below:
 

Item   Vote Necessary for Approval*
Proposal I

  

Adoption of the Merger Agreement

  

Approval requires the affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of
holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares
of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common
Stock, voting together as a single class.

Proposal II

  

Adjournment of UCP Special Meeting (if
Necessary or Appropriate)

  

Approval requires the affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of
holders of a majority of the votes which could be cast by the
holders of all classes of stock entitled to vote on such question
which are present in person or by proxy at the meeting.

 
* Under the rules of the NYSE, if you hold your shares of UCP Common Stock in street name, your nominee or intermediary may

not vote your shares without instructions from you. If you do not provide voting instructions on any Proposal, your shares will
not be deemed in attendance at the UCP special meeting and will not be voted. If you provide voting instructions on one
Proposal but not the other Proposal, a broker non-vote will occur with respect to whichever Proposal you did not provide voting
instructions for. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against the applicable Proposal. Shares deemed not in
attendance at the meeting, whether due to a record holder’s failure to vote in person or by proxy or a “street name” holder’s
failure to provide any voting instructions to such holder’s nominee or intermediary, and broker non-votes will have the same
effect as a vote against Proposal I but will have no effect on Proposal II.

Share Ownership of and Voting by UCP Directors and Executive Officers

At the Record Date, UCP’s directors and executive officers and their affiliates (other than PICO, UCP’s majority stockholder)
beneficially owned and had the right to vote at the UCP special meeting an aggregate of 176,760 shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock and no shares of UCP Class B Common Stock, which represents 2.2% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of UCP
Common Stock entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting.
 

 
-13-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 26/265

Table of Contents

Two members of the UCP Board, Eric H. Speron and Maxim C.W. Webb, are members of the board of directors of PICO
(and Mr. Webb is also the President and Chief Executive Officer of PICO), and may be deemed to share voting power and
investment control over the shares of UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO. Messrs. Speron and Webb disclaim beneficial
ownership of the shares of UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein.
The 100 shares of UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO are entitled to approximately 57% of the voting power of the
outstanding shares of UCP Common Stock entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting.

It is expected that UCP’s directors and executive officers and PICO will vote their respective shares FOR the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and FOR the approval of the adjournment proposal. For more information regarding PICO’s obligations to
vote its shares of UCP capital stock pursuant to the Voting Agreement, see “The Voting Agreement” beginning on page 120 of this
proxy statement/prospectus.

The Merger Agreement and the Merger

In the Merger, UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub being the surviving corporation in the
Merger. As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub, together with the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will become direct and
indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities.

The Merger will not be completed without the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders.

A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus. You are urged to read the
Merger Agreement in its entirety because it is the legal document that governs the Merger. For more information on the
Merger and the Merger Agreement, see “Proposal I: Adoption of The Merger Agreement” and “The Merger Agreement” beginning
on pages 57 and 103, respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus.

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, it is not possible to accurately estimate the closing date for the Merger
because the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of the conditions to Century
Communities’ and UCP’s obligations to complete the Merger, some of which are not within the control of such parties; however,
Century Communities and UCP currently expect the Merger to close during the third quarter of 2017. No assurance can be given
as to when, or if, the Merger will be completed.

The Voting Agreement (See page 120)

On April 10, 2017, Century Communities, Merger Sub, PICO, for the limited purposes set forth therein, UCP, and for the
limited purposes set forth therein, UCP, LLC, entered into a Voting Support and Transfer Restriction Agreement (which we refer to
as the “Voting Agreement”).

Pursuant to the Voting Agreement, PICO has agreed (i) to appear and be present at all meetings of UCP stockholders and
otherwise cause all shares of UCP held by PICO to be counted for purposes of determining a quorum, and (ii) to (A) affirmatively
vote and cause to be voted all of its shares of UCP Common Stock (or, following certain changes in the recommendation of the
UCP Board, a number of shares of UCP Common Stock equal to 28% of the aggregate voting power of all outstanding shares of
UCP Common Stock) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders and approval of the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and (B) vote and cause to be voted all shares of UCP Common Stock
held by PICO against the adoption or approval of (1) any Company Takeover Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement) and
the transactions contemplated thereby, (2) any action or agreement that PICO knows, or would reasonably be expected to know,
would result in (x) a breach or violation of, or non-compliance with, any
 

 
-14-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 27/265

Table of Contents

representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, or other obligation of UCP or any subsidiary or affiliate of UCP set forth in the
Merger Agreement, or (y) the failure of any of the conditions to the obligations of Century Communities or Merger Sub to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement set forth in Sections 7.01 and 7.02 of
the Merger Agreement, (3) any change in the size, term in office, or composition of the board of directors of UCP, and (4) any
agreement, any amendment or restatement of the UCP Charter or the UCP Bylaws, or any other action (or failure to act) that is
intended or would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, or materially impair or delay, the consummation of the
Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in accordance with their terms.

The Voting Agreement terminates automatically on the first to occur of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with its terms, and (ii) the effective time of the Merger.

See “The Voting Agreement” beginning on page 120 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Merger Consideration (See page 104)

At the effective time of the Merger, each share of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than dissenters’ shares or treasury
shares held by UCP and any shares of UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or
Century Communities subsidiary) will be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for the Merger
Consideration, consisting of (i) $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon, and (ii) 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid and
non-assessable share of Century Communities Common Stock. No fractional shares will be issued in the Merger, and UCP
stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.

Based on the closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock on NYSE on April 10, 2017, the last
trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, the Merger Consideration represented approximately
$11.35 in value per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. Based on the closing sale price of a share of Century Communities
Common Stock on NYSE on June 28, 2017, the most recent practicable trading day prior to the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, the Merger Consideration represented approximately $11.02 in value for each share of UCP Class A
Common Stock.

Because Century Communities will, in addition to the payment of $5.32 of cash consideration, issue a fixed number of
shares (0.2309) of Century Communities Common Stock in exchange for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock and
because there will be no adjustment made to such fixed number of shares, the aggregate value of the Merger Consideration
will depend on the then-current NYSE market price of shares of Century Communities Common Stock at the effective
time of the Merger. As a result, the value of the Merger Consideration could be greater than, less than, or the same as, the
value of the Merger Consideration on the date of this proxy statement/prospectus or at the time of the UCP special
meeting.

At the effective time of the Merger, each share of UCP Class B Common Stock outstanding will be canceled for no
consideration. Although PICO currently holds and will be entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting 100 shares of UCP Class B
Common Stock, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, PICO exercised its right under the
existing Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013 (which we refer to as the “Exchange Agreement”), by and among UCP,
UCP, LLC and PICO, to exchange all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO for shares of UCP Class A Common Stock,
effective immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger. As a result of this exchange, the completion of which is also a
condition to Century Communities’ and UCP’s obligations to complete the Merger as more fully described in this proxy
statement/prospectus and in the Merger Agreement, PICO will receive the same Merger Consideration per share of UCP Class A
Common Stock as every other UCP stockholder.
 

 
-15-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 28/265

Table of Contents

UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors (See page 70)

In evaluating the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the UCP Board consulted with UCP
senior management and UCP’s outside legal counsel and financial advisor. After consideration, all of the members of the UCP
Board who attended and participated in the April 10, 2017 meeting of the UCP Board at which the Merger Agreement was being
considered and voted on, determined that the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, UCP and its stockholders, and adopted, approved and
declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
proposed Merger. For more information regarding the factors considered by the UCP Board in reaching its decision to approve the
Merger Agreement and the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement, see “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—
UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors” beginning on page 70 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and FOR the
adjournment proposal.

Opinion of UCP’s Financial Advisor (See page 77)

In connection with the proposed Merger, UCP’s financial advisor, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., referred to as Citi, delivered
a written opinion, dated April 10, 2017, to the UCP Board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the
opinion, of the Merger Consideration to be received by holders of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates)
pursuant to the Merger Agreement. The full text of Citi’s written opinion, dated April 10, 2017, to the UCP Board, which describes
the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken, is
attached as Annex C to this proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of Citi’s opinion
set forth in this proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of Citi’s opinion. Citi’s opinion
was provided for the information of the UCP Board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Merger
Consideration from a financial point of view and did not address any other terms, aspects or implications of the Merger.
Citi expressed no view as to, and its opinion did not address, the underlying business decision of UCP to effect or enter into
the Merger, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist for UCP
or the effect of any other transaction which UCP might engage in or consider. Citi’s opinion is not intended to be and does
not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act on any matters relating
to the proposed Merger or otherwise.

Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger (See page 92)

In considering the recommendation of the UCP Board that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal, UCP stockholders should be aware and take into account the fact that certain UCP
directors and executive officers have interests in the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that
may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally and that may create potential conflicts of
interests. Specifically, (i) Mr. Bogue will be entitled to a one-time transaction bonus equal to $1,972,639, paid 60 days after the
closing of the Merger, and may be entitled to up to $1.4 million in accelerated vesting of restricted stock units and $530,000 in
cash severance if terminated without “cause” or if he resigns for “good reason” following such closing (plus a COBRA subsidy for
12 months following termination), and (ii) Mr. Pirrello, if terminated without “cause” or if he resigns for “good reason” after such
closing, may be entitled to up to $953 thousand in accelerated vesting of restricted stock units and $1,126,726 in cash severance
(plus a COBRA subsidy for 12 months following termination).
 

 
-16-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 29/265

Table of Contents

The directors and executive officers of UCP will also be entitled to certain indemnification rights under the Merger
Agreement.

The UCP Board was aware of and carefully considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating the terms and
structure, and overseeing the negotiation of, the Merger, in approving the Merger Agreement and in recommending that UCP
stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and FOR the adjournment proposal. All of the independent and
disinterested UCP directors, constituting a majority of the UCP Board, approved the Merger Agreement and made the foregoing
recommendations.

For additional information about these interests, see “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Interests of Certain
UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Board of Directors and Management Following the Merger (See page 94)

Upon consummation of the Merger, the board of directors and executive officers of Century Communities are expected to
remain unchanged. For information on Century Communities’ current directors and executive officers, please see Century
Communities’ proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of stockholder filed with the SEC on March  29, 2017. See “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152.

Treatment of UCP Equity Awards in the Merger (See page 94)

At the effective time of the Merger, each then-outstanding option to purchase shares of UCP Common Stock will
automatically be converted into an option to purchase shares of Century Communities Common Stock on the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under such UCP option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, and each then-
outstanding restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of UCP Common Stock will automatically be converted into a
restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of Century Communities Common Stock, with the same terms and conditions as
were applicable under such UCP restricted stock unit award immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger. However,
pursuant to amendments to employment agreements of certain UCP employees that will become effective as of, and are subject to
and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Merger, all of the outstanding UCP options, whether vested or unvested, will be
canceled for no consideration upon the consummation of the Merger. For additional information see the section entitled “Proposal
I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Treatment of UCP Equity Awards” beginning on page 94, of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Certain Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (See page 95)

It is a condition to completion of the Merger that Paul, Weiss, tax counsel to UCP, and Greenberg Traurig, tax counsel to
Century Communities, each deliver an opinion to both UCP and Century Communities, dated the closing date of the Merger, to the
effect that the Merger will qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Code. Each party may waive the requirement to receive such opinions as a condition to such party’s obligation to complete
the Merger. Assuming that the Merger qualifies as a reorganization, a U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock will generally
recognize gain, but not loss, if the U.S. holder surrenders its shares of UCP Class A Common Stock in exchange for a combination
of Century Communities Common Stock and cash. In such case, that U.S. holder will generally recognize gain equal to the lesser
of (1) the cash received (other than cash in lieu of any fractional share) and (2) the excess of the sum of the cash received (other
than cash in lieu of any fractional share) and the fair market value (on the date of the Merger) of the Century Communities
Common Stock received (including any fractional share for which cash was paid) over such U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered by such U.S. holder in the Merger. In addition, such U.S. holder will generally
recognize gain or loss on the receipt of cash in lieu of any fractional share.
 

 
-17-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 30/265

Table of Contents

The tax opinions regarding the Merger will not address any state, local or foreign tax consequences of the Merger. The
opinions will be based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from Century Communities and UCP, as
well as certain covenants and undertakings by Century Communities and UCP, substantially in the forms of the letters set forth in
the disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement. If any of the assumptions, representations, covenants or undertakings is
incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or is violated prior to the effective time of the Merger, one or both of the opinions may not be
delivered and, if delivered, the conclusions reached by counsel in their opinions cannot be relied upon. In such case, the tax
consequences of the Merger could differ from those described in this proxy statement/prospectus. Neither Century Communities
nor UCP is currently aware of, nor expects there to be, any facts or circumstances that would cause any of the assumptions,
representations, covenants or undertakings set forth in the forms of the letters set forth in the disclosure schedules to the Merger
Agreement to be incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or violated.

An opinion of counsel represents such counsel’s best legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any court, so there can
be no certainty that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinion or that a court would not sustain such a
challenge.

You are urged to consult your own tax advisor regarding the particular tax consequences to you of the Merger.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger (See page 99)

The Merger will be accounted for in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires the Merger to be accounted for using the
acquisition method pursuant to which Century Communities has been determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes. As
required by the acquisition method, Century Communities will record UCP’s tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of consideration transferred (i.e. purchase
price) over the fair value of net assets acquired will be recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for
impairment at least annually or more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. The operating results of UCP will
be reported as part of the combined company beginning on the closing date of the Merger. The final valuation of the tangible and
identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed has not yet been completed. The completion of the valuation upon
consummation of the Merger could result in significantly different amortization expenses and balance sheet classifications than
those presented in Century Communities’ unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included in this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger (See page 99)

Century Communities and UCP have determined that no authorizations, approvals or consents from regulatory authorities are
required to enable them to complete the Merger. For a more complete discussion of regulatory matters relating to the Merger, see
“Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger” beginning on page 99
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Litigation Relating to the Merger (See page 99)

A putative class action lawsuit (captioned: Joseph Tola v. UCP, Inc., Michael C. Cortney, Dustin L. Bogue, Eric H. Speron,
Peter H. Lori, Kathleen R. Wade, Maxim C.W. Webb, Century Communities, Inc. and Casa Acquisition Corp., Case No. 5:17-cv-
02713, United States District Court, Northern District of California) was filed on May 10, 2017, purportedly on behalf of UCP
stockholders, against UCP and the individually named directors, all of whom are the directors of UCP. Century Communities and
Merger Sub are also named as defendants. The complaint alleges claims under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 14a-9
promulgated thereunder, as well as claims under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiff alleges that this proxy
statement/prospectus omits to include certain information and seeks to enjoin the Merger, rescission in the event the Merger is
consummated or an award of rescissory damages, and an award of plaintiff’s attorney’s fees and costs of the litigation.
 

 
-18-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 31/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities and UCP are disclosing in this proxy statement/prospectus certain additional information (which we
refer to as the “Supplemental Disclosures”) in response to plaintiff’s complaint and solely for the purpose of rendering moot the
allegations contained therein. The defendants deny all of the allegations set forth by plaintiff in the complaint and deny any alleged
violations of law. The Supplemental Disclosures should be read in conjunction with this proxy statement/prospectus, which we
urge you to read in its entirety. With respect to plaintiff’s complaint, the defendants deny that this proxy statement/prospectus
contained, prior to the amendment containing the Supplemental Disclosures, any material misstatements or omissions, and deny
that any further supplemental disclosure was required to be made under any applicable rule, statute, regulation or law. The
defendants deny and have not admitted wrongdoing of any kind, including, but not limited to, alleged inadequacies in any
disclosure contained in this proxy statement/prospectus, the materiality of any disclosure that the plaintiff alleges should have been
made in this proxy statement/prospectus, or any violation of any federal or state law. The defendants believe that this proxy
statement/prospectus disclosed, prior to the amendment containing the Supplemental Disclosures, all material information
necessary for holders of UCP Common Stock to make a fully informed voting decision, and the defendants deny that the
Supplemental Disclosures are material or are otherwise required by any federal or state law.

Plaintiff and defendants, through their respective counsel, entered into a memorandum of understanding, dated June 21, 2017,
pursuant to which, among other things, plaintiff has agreed to voluntarily withdraw and dismiss with prejudice his individual
claims in the above-referenced lawsuit and to terminate all asserted claims therein in connection with the Supplemental
Disclosures made in this proxy statement/prospectus.

Completion of the Merger is Subject to Certain Conditions (See page 114)

As more fully described in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the Merger Agreement, the obligations of Century
Communities and UCP to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of a number of conditions, including the following:
 

 
•  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders at the UCP special meeting (or at any adjournment or

postponement thereof);
 

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part and the absence of a

stop order in respect thereof or proceedings initiated or threatened by the SEC for that purpose;
 

 
•  approval for listing on the NYSE of the shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued to UCP

stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO shall have been exchanged for shares of UCP Class A Common Stock

and UCP, LLC shall be a wholly-owned subsidiary of UCP;
 

 
•  the absence of any laws, order, judgments and injunctions that restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit consummation of the

Merger;
 

 
•  subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the respective representations and warranties of Century Communities and

UCP, and compliance by Century Communities and UCP with their respective covenants, contained in the Merger
Agreement;

 

 •  the absence of a material adverse effect relating to Century Communities or UCP; and
 

 
•  the receipt of a tax opinion from each party’s tax counsel to the effect that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization”

within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 114 of this
proxy statement/prospectus.
 

 
-19-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 32/265

Table of Contents

No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals (See page 109)

The Merger Agreement precludes UCP from soliciting or engaging in discussions or negotiations with a third party with
respect to any proposal for a competing transaction, including the acquisition of a significant interest in UCP’s capital stock or
assets. However, if UCP receives an unsolicited proposal from a third party for a competing transaction that the UCP Board,
among other things, determines in good faith (after consultation with UCP’s outside legal counsel and financial advisor)
(i) constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a proposal that is superior to the Merger, and (ii) did not result from a
breach of the non-solicitation obligations set forth in the Merger Agreement, then UCP may furnish non-public information to and
enter into discussions with that third party and its representatives and financing sources about such competing transaction after
obtaining from such third party an executed confidentiality agreement. For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation of Alternative Proposals” beginning on page 109 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Termination of the Merger Agreement (See page 116)

The Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Merger abandoned at any time before the effective time of the Merger in
the following circumstances:
 

 •  by the mutual written consent of Century Communities, Merger Sub and UCP;
 

 •  by either Century Communities or UCP if:
 

 •  the Merger is not consummated by the Outside Date;
 

 
•  any governmental entity has issued a final and non-appealable judgment or order permanently prohibiting the

consummation of the Merger;
 

 
•  any condition to the obligations of such party to complete the Merger becomes incapable of satisfaction before the

Outside Date;
 

 
•  UCP stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting (or at any adjournment or

postponement thereof); or
 

 

•  the other party has breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements, which breach or failure to perform (1) would give rise to the failure of any closing
condition relating to the accuracy of such other party’s representations and warranties or such other party’s
compliance with covenants would fail to be satisfied, and (2) such inaccuracy or breach is either incapable of
being cured or is not cured within 30 days after receiving written notice thereof;

 

 
•  by Century Communities, before the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders, if the UCP Board

changes its recommendation to UCP stockholders to vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement; or
 

 
•  by UCP, before the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders, in order to enter into a binding agreement

providing for a superior company proposal, in accordance with the terms and provisions of the Merger Agreement.

Under the Merger Agreement, UCP is not permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement if the UCP Board changes its
recommendation to UCP stockholders solely in response to an “Intervening Event” (as defined in the Merger Agreement). For
more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” beginning on page 116 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Fees and Expenses and Termination Fees (See page 117)

Generally, each party is required to pay all fees and expenses incurred by it in connection with the Merger. However, the
Merger Agreement provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under certain
 

 
-20-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 33/265

Table of Contents

circumstances, including termination by UCP to enter into a definitive agreement for a proposal that constitutes a superior
proposal (as further described in the Merger Agreement), UCP will be required to pay Century Communities a cash termination
fee of $7,050,000.

For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Fees and Expenses and Termination Fees” beginning on page 117 of
this proxy statement/prospectus.

Listing of Shares of Century Communities Common Stock and Delisting and Deregistration of UCP Class A Common
Stock (See page 101)

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Century Communities is required to use all reasonable efforts to cause the shares
of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, prior to the closing of
the Merger. Accordingly, application will be made to have such shares approved for listing on the NYSE, where shares of Century
Communities Common Stock are currently listed for trading under the ticker symbol “CCS.”

If the Merger is completed, there will no longer be any publicly held shares of UCP Class A Common Stock. Accordingly,
UCP Class A Common Stock will no longer be listed on the NYSE and will be deregistered under the Exchange Act.

Comparison of Stockholder Rights (See page 138)

UCP stockholders will have different rights once they become Century Communities stockholders due to differences between
the organizational documents of UCP and Century Communities. See “Comparison of Stockholder Rights” beginning on page 138
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Appraisal Rights (See page 143)

Pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, UCP stockholders who do not vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement, who
continuously hold their shares of UCP Class A Common Stock through the effective time of the Merger and who otherwise
comply with the applicable requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their
shares of UCP Common Stock, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, if the Merger is completed. The “fair value” of
shares of UCP Common Stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery could be greater than, the same as, or less than
the value of the Merger Consideration that UCP stockholders would otherwise be entitled to receive under the terms of the Merger
Agreement.

The right to seek appraisal will be lost if a UCP stockholder votes FOR adoption of the Merger Agreement. However,
abstaining or voting against adoption of the Merger Agreement is not in itself sufficient to perfect appraisal rights because
additional actions must also be taken to perfect such rights.

UCP stockholders who wish to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise UCP by submitting a
written demand for appraisal prior to the taking of the vote on the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting, and must
otherwise follow the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock held of record in the name of another person, such as a nominee or intermediary, must act promptly to
cause the record holder to follow the steps required by Section 262 of the DGCL and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights.
In view of the complexity of Section 262 of the DGCL, UCP stockholders that may wish to pursue appraisal rights are urged to
consult their legal and financial advisors. In addition, under Section 262 of the DGCL, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
dismiss any appraisal proceedings as to all stockholders who have perfected their appraisal rights unless (i) the total number of
shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, or (ii) the value of the Merger
Consideration provided in the Merger Agreement for the total number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock entitled to
appraisal exceeds $1 million. See “Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 143 of this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

 
-21-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 34/265

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of Century Communities. The selected historical
consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31,
2016, are derived from Century Communities’ audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are contained
in Century Communities’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and
2012, and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012, are derived from Century Communities’ audited consolidated financial
statements and accompanying notes for such years, which have previously been filed with the SEC but which are not incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial data as of March 31,
2017 and 2016, and for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and 2016, are derived from Century Communities’ unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are contained in Century Communities’ Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

The information set forth below is only a summary. You should read the following information together with Century
Communities’ audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the section entitled “Management’s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in Century Communities’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and with Century Communities’ unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and
accompanying notes and the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
Operations” contained in Century Communities’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, which
are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, and in Century Communities’ other reports filed with the SEC. For
more information, see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.
 
  

Three Months Ended
March 31,   Year Ended December 31,  

(in thousands, except per share amounts)  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Consolidated Statements of Operations:        
Revenue        

Homebuilding revenues        
Home sales revenues  $ 226,420  $ 181,081  $ 978,733  $ 725,437  $ 351,823  $ 171,133  $ 96,030 
Land sales and other revenues   1,896   3,015   15,707   9,052   10,569   —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

  228,316   184,096   994,440   734,489   362,392   171,133   96,030 
Financial services revenue   —     —     —     —     —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total Revenue   228,316   184,096   994,440   734,489   362,392   171,133   96,030 
Home Building Cost of Revenue        

Cost of homes sales revenues   (182,324)   (144,353)   (786,127)   (579,203)   (276,386)   (129,651)   (75,448) 
Cost of land sales and other revenues   (1,144)   (2,542)   (14,217)   (8,432)   (8,109)   —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

  (183,468)   (146,895)   (800,344)   (587,635)   (284,495)   (129,651)   (75,448) 
Financial services costs   (754)   —     —     —     —     —     —   
Selling, general, and administrative   (33,212)   (25,185)   (122,224)   (87,840)   (46,795)   (23,622)   (13,496) 
Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries   1,255   —     —     —     —     —     —   
Other income (expense)   (86)   413   1,277   1,291   (143)   213   353 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before tax expense   12,051   12,429   73,149   60,305   30,959   18,073   7,439 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income tax expense   (3,252)   (4,446)   (23,609)   (20,415)   (10,937)   (5,642)   —   
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

 
-22-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 35/265

Table of Contents

  
Three Months Ended

March 31,   Year Ended December 31,  
(in thousands, except per share amounts)  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Consolidated net income of Century Communities,

Inc.   8,799   7,983   49,540   39,890   20,022   12,431   7,439 
Net income attributable to non-controlling interests   —     —     —     —     —     52   1,301 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income attributable to common stockholders  $ 8,799  $ 7,983  $ 49,540  $ 39,890  $ 20,022  $ 12,379  $ 6,138 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Basic earnings per share  $ 0.40  $ 0.38  $ 2.34  $ 1.88  $ 1.03  $ 0.95   — 
Diluted earnings per share  $ 0.40  $ 0.38  $ 2.33  $ 1.88  $ 1.03  $ 0.95   — 
Balance Sheet Data (end of period):        
Cash and cash equivalents  $ 23,465  $ 11,437  $ 29,450  $ 29,287  $ 33,462  $109,998  $ 7,897 
Inventories  $ 884,072  $867,357  $ 857,885  $810,137  $556,323  $184,072  $77,305 
Total assets  $1,026,026  $957,621  $1,007,528  $917,741  $670,616  $312,639  $90,673 
Total debt  $ 447,948  $415,051  $ 454,088  $390,243  $224,247  $ 1,500  $33,206 
Total liabilities  $ 529,561  $541,092  $ 533,892  $508,262  $305,411  $ 41,083  $66,112 
Equity  $ 496,465  $416,529  $ 473,636  $409,479  $365,205  $271,556  $24,561 
Other Operating Information (dollars in

thousands):        
Number of homes delivered   608   539   2,825   2,401   1,046   448   336 
Average sales price of homes delivered  $ 372.4  $ 336.0  $ 346.5  $ 302.1  $ 336.4  $ 382.0  $ 285.8 
Homebuilding gross margin percentage   19.5%   20.3%   19.7%   20.2%   21.4%   24.2%   21.4% 
Cancellation rates   15%   22%   20%   21%   18%   20%   17% 
Backlog at end of period, number of homes   1,098   969   749   714   772   222   148 
Backlog at end of period, aggregate sales value  $ 436,003  $361,298  $ 302,823  $271,138  $246,327  $103,250  $51,562 
Average sales price of homes in backlog  $ 397.1  $ 372.9  $ 404.3  $ 379.7  $ 319.1  $ 465.1  $ 348.4 
Net new home contracts   957   794   2,860   2,356   1,042   406   415 
Selling communities at period end   88   87   89   88   83   23   13 
Total owned and controlled lot inventory   18,854   13,188   18,296   13,160   11,463   8,341   3,072 
 

-23-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 36/265

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF UCP

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of UCP. The selected historical consolidated financial
data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015, and for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2016, are derived from
UCP’s audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are contained in UCP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected
historical consolidated financial data as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and 2012, and for the years ended December 31, 2013 and
2012, are derived from UCP’s audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for such years, which have previously
been filed with the SEC but which are not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical
unaudited condensed consolidated financial data as of March 31, 2017 and 2016, and for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and
2016, are derived from UCP’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes, which are contained in
UCP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, which is incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus.

The information set forth below is only a summary. You should read the following information together with UCP’s audited
consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the section entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in UCP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2016, and with UCP’s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes and the section entitled
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” contained in UCP’s Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017, which are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus,
and in UCP’s other reports filed with the SEC. For more information, see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on
page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

UCP completed its initial public offering of UCP Class A Common Stock (its “IPO”) on July 23, 2013. Due to the timing of
UCP’s IPO, presented herein are certain combined consolidated historical financial data for UCP, LLC for periods prior to UCP’s IPO.
As such, the information for the year ended December 31, 2012 reflects the financial condition and results of operations of UCP’s
predecessor, and the information for the year ended December 31, 2013 reflects the financial condition and results of operations of
UCP’s predecessor for the portion of the year preceding UCP’s IPO and of UCP for the remainder of 2013.
 
  

Three Months
Ended March 31,   Year Ended December 31,  

(In thousands, except per share data)  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Statement of Operations Data:        

Home sales  $94,002  $68,225  $343,919  $252,597  $155,417  $72,511  $14,060 
Cost of home sales   76,653   56,206   280,614   206,747   129,577   57,500   9,832 

Impairment on real estate   102   —     458   923   —     —     —   
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Homebuilding gross profit (a)   17,247   12,019   62,847   44,927   25,840   15,011   4,228 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Land sales   496   —     5,449   21,134   32,513   20,215   44,066 
Cost of land sales   475   461   4,637   15,291   25,466   13,820   32,876 

Impairment on real estate   —     —     2,131   —     —     —     —   
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Land sales gross (loss) profit (a)   21   (461)   (1,319)   5,843   7,047   6,395   11,190 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Other revenue   —     —     —     5,060   3,253   —     —   
Cost of sales—other revenue   —     —     —     4,363   2,828   —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Other revenue gross profit   —     —     —     697   425   —     —   
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total gross profit   17,268   11,558   61,528   51,467   33,312   21,406   15,418 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

 
-24-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 37/265

Table of Contents

  
Three Months

Ended March 31,   Year Ended December 31,  
(In thousands, except per share data)  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  

Sales and marketing   5,149   4,076   19,257   18,943   13,748   6,647   2,875 
General and administrative   8,502   7,275   29,161   26,878   27,406   19,368   10,103 
Goodwill impairment   —     —     4,223   —     —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total expenses   13,651   11,351   52,641   45,821   41,154   26,015   12,978 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total cost and expenses   90,881   68,018   340,481   273,145   199,025   97,335   55,686 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income (loss) from operations   3,617   207   8,887   5,646   (7,842)   (4,609)   2,440 
Other income   460   28   276   206   121   322   578 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income (loss) before income taxes  $ 4,077  $ 235  $ 9,163  $ 5,852  $ (7,721)  $ (4,287)  $ 3,018 
Benefit (provision) for income taxes   (621)   (5)   5,285   (69)   —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income (loss)  $ 3,456  $ 230  $ 14,448  $ 5,783  $ (7,721)  $ (4,287)  $ 3,018 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling
interest  $ 2,310  $ 134  $ 5,210  $ 3,412  $ (2,728)  $ (2,346)  $ 3,018 

Net income (loss) attributable to UCP, Inc.  $ 1,146  $ 96  $ 9,238  $ 2,371  $ (4,993)  $ (1,941)   —   
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Income (loss) per share        
Basic  $ 0.14  $ 0.01  $ 1.16  $ 0.30  $ (0.63)  $ (0.25)   —   

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Diluted  $ 0.14  $ 0.01  $ 1.15  $ 0.30  $ (0.63)  $ (0.25)   —   
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
(a) Homebuilding and land sales gross profit includes the impairment on real estate.
 
   

Three Months Ended
March 31,   Year Ended December 31,  

(In thousands, except unit data)   2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
Operating Data-Owned Projects:         

Net new home orders    270   225   933   860   473   205   61 
New homes delivered    226   167   820   701   432   196   41 
Average sales price of homes

delivered (in thousands)   $ 416  $ 409  $ 419  $ 360  $ 360  $ 370  $ 343 
Cancellation rate    11.5%   13.5%   12.1%   10.0%   8.0%   12.8%   12.9% 
Average active selling communities

(1)    27   28   28   28   16   7   3 
Active selling communities at end

of period (2)    26   29   28   28   21   9   4 
Backlog at end of period, number

of homes    406   307   362   249   91   35   26 
Backlog at end of period, aggregate

sales value (in thousands)   $176,596  $136,220  $149,639  $108,773  $32,499  $17,121  $9,182 
Average sales price of backlog (in

thousands)   $ 435  $ 444  $ 413  $ 437  $ 357  $ 489  $ 353 
 
(1) “Average active selling communities during the period” refers to the average number of open selling communities at the end of

each month during the period.
 

-25-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 38/265

Table of Contents

(2) “Active selling communities” consists of those communities where UCP has more than 15 or more homes remaining to deliver.
 
(In thousands, except per share data)   As of March 31,    As of December 31,  
FINANCIAL CONDITION   2017    2016    2016    2015    2014    2013    2012  
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 34,270   $ 29,769   $ 40,931   $ 39,829   $ 42,033   $ 87,503   $ 10,324 
Real estate inventories    389,379    371,545    373,207    360,989    321,693    176,848    125,367 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total assets (a)    442,118    414,155    434,106    414,697    375,139    267,320    137,534 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Debt (a)(b)    161,551    158,584    160,994    155,966    133,139    30,950    29,112 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total liabilities (a)    213,608    196,377    207,220    197,289    163,872    49,604    35,219 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total equity   $228,510   $217,778   $226,886   $217,408   $211,267   $217,716   $102,315 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total UCP, Inc. stockholders’ equity   $102,184   $ 90,356   $100,628   $ 90,200   $ 87,255   $ 91,254   
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
  

Number of shares issued at period end (in
000s)    8,105    8,026    8,043    8,014    7,922    7,750   

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

  

Book value per share (c)   $ 12.61   $ 11.27   $ 12.51   $ 11.26   $ 11.01   $ 11.77   
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
  

 
(a) As part of UCP’s adoption of Accounting Standards Update (which we refer to as “ASU 2015-03”), approximately $1.5 million

and $2.4 million of unamortized debt issuance costs that were included in the prepaid expenses category of other assets as of
December 31, 2015 and 2014 have been reclassified from other assets to notes payable and senior notes in the consolidated
balance sheets. ASU 2015-03 did not have an impact on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2013 and 2012.

(b) Debt comprises of the following:
 
   As of March 31,    As of December 31,  
(In thousands)   2017    2016    2016    2015    2014    2013    2012  
Acquisition (a)   $ 17,155   $ 19,505   $ 19,061   $ 26,102   $ 20,254   $11,046    12,274 
Development (a)    —      2,128    —      4,701    544    6,018    12,906 
Construction (a)    69,846    63,257    67,597    51,683    39,711    13,886    3,932 
Bonds (a)    74,550    73,694    74,336    73,480    72,630    —      —   

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total   $161,551   $158,584   $160,994   $155,966   $133,139   $30,950   $29,112 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
(c) Book value per share is computed by dividing total UCP stockholders’ equity by the net of total shares issued less shares held as

treasury shares.
 

-26-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 39/265

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table presents selected unaudited pro forma combined financial information including consolidated balance sheet
and statements of operations, after giving effect to the Merger of Century Communities with UCP, as well as the private offering by
Century Communities of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2025, which closed on May 12,
2017. The information for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016 under “Statement of
Operations Data” in the table below give effect to the Merger as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2016, the beginning of the
earliest period presented. The information under “Balance Sheet Data” in the table below assumes the Merger had been consummated
on March 31, 2017. This unaudited pro forma combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting
with Century Communities considered the acquirer of UCP. See “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Accounting
Treatment of the Merger” beginning on page 99.

In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined financial information includes adjustments that are preliminary and may be
revised. There can be no assurance that such revisions will not result in material changes. The unaudited pro forma combined financial
information is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not indicate the financial results of the combined company.

The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data has been developed from and should be read in
conjunction with the respective consolidated financial statements and related notes of each of Century Communities and UCP
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, and the more detailed unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial statements, including the notes thereto, appearing elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find
More Information” and “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning on pages 152 and 123,
respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial data constitutes forward-looking information and is
subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. See “Risk Factors”
and “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on pages 34 and 32, respectively, of this proxy
statement/prospectus.
 

(Amounts in thousands, except per share amounts)         

   
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2017    
Year Ended

December 31, 2016 
Statement of Operations Data:     
Total revenue   $ 322,814   $ 1,343,808 
Income before income tax expense   $ 16,248   $ 79,319 
Net income available to common

stockholders   $ 12,333   $ 62,042 
Income per common share     

Basic   $ 0.47   $ 2.44 
Diluted   $ 0.46   $ 2.37 

Balance Sheet Data:     
Total assets   $ 1,518,025    NA 
Notes payable and revolving line of credit   $ 777,948    NA 

 
-27-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 40/265

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

Historical per Share Data for Century Communities Common Stock and UCP Class A Common Stock

The historical per share data for Century Communities Common Stock and UCP Class A Common Stock below is derived from
the audited consolidated financial statements of each of Century Communities and UCP as of and for the year ended December 31,
2016, and the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of each of Century Communities and UCP as of and for the three
months ended March 31, 2017.

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined per Share Data for Century Communities Common Stock

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock set forth below gives effect to the
Merger as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2016, the beginning of the earliest period presented, in the case of continuing net
income per share data, and as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016 in the case of book value per share data, and assuming that
each outstanding share of UCP Class A Common Stock had been converted into shares of Century Communities Common Stock based
on the Stock Exchange Ratio of 0.2309.

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock has been derived from the audited
consolidated financial statements of each of Century Communities and UCP as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016, and the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of each of Century Communities and UCP as of and for the three months ended
March 31 2017.

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock has been derived using the
acquisition method of accounting. See “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 123 of
this proxy statement/prospectus. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments reflect the assets and liabilities of UCP at their preliminary
estimated fair values. Differences between these preliminary estimates and the final values in acquisition accounting will occur and
these differences could have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma combined per share information set forth below.

The unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock does not purport to represent the
actual results of operations that Century Communities would have achieved had the Merger been completed during these periods or to
project the future results of operations that Century Communities may achieve after the Merger.

Unaudited Pro Forma Combined per UCP Equivalent Share Data

The unaudited pro forma combined per UCP equivalent share data set forth below shows the effect of the Merger from the
perspective of an owner of UCP Class A Common Stock. The information was calculated by multiplying the unaudited pro forma
combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock by the Stock Exchange Ratio of 0.2309.

Generally

You should read the below information in conjunction with the selected historical consolidated financial data included elsewhere
in this proxy statement/prospectus and the historical consolidated financial statements of Century Communities and UCP and related
notes that have been filed with the SEC, certain of which are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See
“Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Century Communities,” “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of
UCP” and “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on pages 22, 24 and 152, respectively, of this proxy
statement/prospectus. The unaudited pro forma combined per share data for Century Communities Common Stock and the unaudited
pro forma combined per UCP equivalent share data is derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the
 

-28-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 41/265

Table of Contents

unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and related notes included in this proxy statement/prospectus. See
“Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 123 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The following table sets forth certain historical and unaudited pro forma combined per share information for Century
Communities and UCP.
 

   
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2017    
Year Ended

December 31, 2016 
Century Communities—Historical     
Earnings per share:     

Basic   $ 0.40   $ 2.34 
Diluted   $ 0.40   $ 2.33 

Book value per share of common stock
(1)   $ 22.27   $ 21.91 

Dividends declared per share of common
stock    —      —   

UCP—Historical     
Earnings per share:     

Basic   $ 0.14   $ 1.16 
Diluted   $ 0.14   $ 1.15 

Book value per share of common stock
(2)   $ 12.84   $ 12.74 

Dividends declared per share of common
stock    —      —   

Surviving Corporation Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Amounts     

Earnings per share:     
Basic   $ 0.47   $ 2.44 
Diluted   $ 0.46   $ 2.37 

Pro forma book value per share of
common stock (3)   $ 22.34    —   

UCP Unaudited Pro Forma
Equivalent Per Share Data (4)     

Earnings per share:     
Basic   $ 0.11   $ 0.56 
Diluted   $ 0.11   $ 0.55 

Pro forma book value per share of
common stock   $ 5.16    —   

 
(1) Calculated by dividing stockholders’ equity of $496.5 million and $473.6 million as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,

respectively, by 22,291,222 and 21,620,544 outstanding shares of Century Communities Common Stock as of March 31, 2017
and December 31, 2016, respectively.

(2) Calculated by dividing stockholders’ equity of $102.2 million and $100.6 million as of March 31, 2017 and December 31, 2016,
respectively, by 7,958,314 and 7,896,488 outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock as of March 31, 2017 and December
31, 2016, respectively.

(3) Calculated by dividing pro forma stockholders’ equity of $592.7 million by 26,530,554 pro forma outstanding shares of Century
Communities Common Stock.

(4) Amounts calculated by multiplying unaudited pro forma combined per share amounts by the Stock Exchange Ratio in the Merger
(0.2309 shares of Century Communities Common Stock for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock). The Stock Exchange
Ratio does not include the $5.32 cash portion of the Merger Consideration.

 
-29-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 42/265

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

Market Prices

Century Communities Common Stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “CCS.” UCP Class A Common
Stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “UCP.”

Comparative Per Share Market Price Information

The following table presents the closing prices of UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities Common Stock on
April 10, 2017, the last trading day before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, and June 28, 2017, the last practicable
trading day prior to the mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus. The table also shows the estimated value of the per share
consideration for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock on the relevant date.
 

Date   
UCP Closing

Price    
Century Communities

Closing Price    Exchange Ratio   

Estimated Value of the
Per Share

Consideration (1)  
April 10, 2017   $ 9.30   $ 26.10    0.2309   $ 11.35 
June 28, 2017   $ 11.05   $ 24.70    0.2309   $ 11.02 

 
(1) The implied value of the per share consideration for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock represents the sum of $5.32, the

cash portion of the Merger Consideration, plus the implied value of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration, based on the
closing prices of Century Communities Common Stock of $26.10 on April 10, 2017 and $24.70 on June 28, 2017.

The above table shows only historical comparisons. The market price of UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities
Common Stock will fluctuate prior to the UCP special meeting and before the consummation of the Merger, which will affect the
implied value of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration paid to the UCP stockholders. These comparisons may not provide
meaningful information to UCP stockholders in determining whether to adopt the Merger Agreement. UCP stockholders are urged to
obtain current market quotations for Century Communities Common Stock and UCP Class A Common Stock and to review carefully
the other information contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement/prospectus in considering whether to adopt
the Merger Agreement. See “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Comparative Stock Prices and Dividends

The following table sets forth, for the respective periods of UCP and Century Communities indicated, the high and low sale prices
per share of UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities Common Stock as reported by the NYSE and cash dividends
declared and paid. Neither UCP nor Century Communities has historically paid dividends on its common stock, and neither company
presently anticipates paying any dividends on its common stock in the foreseeable future.
 
   UCP    Century Communities  

   High    Low    

Dividends
Declared
and Paid    High    Low    

Dividends
Declared
and Paid  

Quarter ended March 31, 2017   $12.60   $9.55    —     $25.40   $20.75    —   
Year Ended December 31, 2016             

Quarter ended December 31, 2016   $12.05   $8.45    —     $21.60   $16.49    —   
Quarter ended September 30, 2016   $ 9.11   $7.71    —     $24.50   $18.90    —   
Quarter ended June 30, 2016   $ 8.07   $7.00    —     $22.00   $18.76    —   
Quarter ended March 31, 2016   $ 8.40   $5.46    —     $19.95   $14.45    —   

 
-30-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 43/265

Table of Contents

   UCP    Century Communities  

   High    Low    

Dividends
Declared
and Paid    High    Low    

Dividends
Declared
and Paid  

Year Ended December 31, 2015             
Quarter ended December 31, 2015   $ 8.00   $ 6.39    —     $21.60   $19.20    —   
Quarter ended September 30, 2015   $ 8.44   $ 6.71    —     $21.51   $17.15    —   
Quarter ended June 30, 2015   $ 9.27   $ 7.20    —     $18.85   $16.20    —   
Quarter ended March 31, 2015   $10.77   $ 8.08    —     $17.07   $13.47    —   

Year Ended December 31, 2014             
Quarter ended December 31, 2014   $13.79   $10.28    —     $19.04   $15.48    —   
Quarter ended September 30, 2014   $14.11   $11.83   $ 0.2625   $23.34   $17.19    —   
Quarter ended June 30, 2014   $15.08   $13.02    —     $23.40   $20.55    —   
Quarter ended March 31, 2014    16.85    14.05   $ 0.2625   $ —     $ —      —   

Year Ended December 31, 2013             
Quarter ended December 31, 2013    15.93    13.60    —     $ —     $ —      —   
Quarter ended September 30, 2013    15.17    12.90    —     $ —     $ —      —   
Quarter ended June 30, 2013    —      —      —      —      —      —   
Quarter ended March 31, 2013    —      —      —      —      —      —   

 
-31-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 44/265

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY INFORMATION REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus contain
certain forecasts and other forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 with
respect to the financial condition, results of operations, business strategies, operating efficiencies or synergies, revenue enhancements,
and competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of the management of each of Century Communities and UCP,
the Merger and the markets for Century Communities and UCP Class A Common Stock and other matters. Statements in this proxy
statement/prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein that are not historical facts are hereby identified as “forward-
looking statements” for the purpose of the safe harbor provided by Section 21E of the Exchange Act and Section 27A of the Securities
Act. These forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, those relating to the future business prospects, revenues and
income of Century Communities and UCP, wherever they occur in this proxy statement/prospectus or the documents incorporated by
reference herein, are necessarily estimates reflecting the best judgment of the respective managements of Century Communities and
UCP and involve a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those suggested by the
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements should, therefore, be considered in light of various important factors,
including those set forth in and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

Words such as “estimate,” “project,” “plan,” “intend,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “may,”
“will,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,” “forecast” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These
forward-looking statements are found at various places throughout this proxy statement/prospectus, including in the section entitled
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 34. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by such
forward-looking statements include those set forth in Century Communities’ and UCP’s filings with the SEC, including their respective
Annual Reports on Form 10-K for 2016 (in the case of UCP, as amended by Amendment Number 1 to the 2016 Annual Report on
Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017). These important factors also include those set forth under “Risk Factors,”
beginning on page 34, as well as, among others, risks and uncertainties relating to:
 

 
•  the uncertainty of the value of the Merger Consideration due to the fixed Stock Exchange Ratio and potential fluctuation in

the market price of Century Communities Common Stock;
 

 
•  the ownership dilution to each separate company’s stockholders as a result of the issuance of shares of Century Communities

Common Stock in the Merger;
 

 •  the failure to obtain necessary UCP stockholder approval for the adoption of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the obligation of Century Communities to complete the Merger even if financing is not available or is available only on

terms other than those currently anticipated;
 

 •  the failure to satisfy required closing conditions or complete the Merger in a timely manner or at all;
 

 
•  the risk that the Merger may not qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code and, as a result, UCP

stockholders may be required to pay substantial U.S. federal income taxes;
 

 
•  the effect of the announcement of the Merger on each company’s ability to retain and hire key personnel, maintain business

relationships, and on operating results and the businesses generally;
 

 
•  the effect of restrictions placed on Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective subsidiaries’ business activities and ability

to pursue alternatives to the Merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the possibility of UCP’s directors and officers having interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to, the

interests of UCP stockholders generally;
 

 •  the terms and availability of indebtedness Century Communities might incur in connection with the Merger;
 

-32-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 45/265

Table of Contents

 
•  the potential impact of the Merger on the respective stock prices of UCP and Century Communities and, after the Merger,

Century Communities, and the dividends expected to be paid to the respective stockholders of UCP and Century
Communities and, after the Merger, Century Communities stockholders in the future;

 

 •  the failure to realize projected cost savings and other benefits from the Merger;
 

 
•  the incurrence of significant pre- and post-transaction related costs in connection with the Merger that are, and will be,

incurred regardless of whether the Merger is completed;
 

 
•  the difference in rights provided to UCP stockholders under the UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws as compared to the rights

UCP stockholders will obtain as Century Communities stockholders under the Century Communities Charter and the
Century Communities Bylaws; and

 

 •  the occurrence of any event giving rise to the right of a party to terminate the Merger Agreement.

For a further discussion of these and other risks, contingencies and uncertainties that may impact Century Communities or UCP,
and that UCP stockholders should consider prior to deciding whether to vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement, see “Risk
Factors” beginning on page 34 of this proxy statement/prospectus and in Century Communities’ and UCP’s other filings with the SEC
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

Due to these risks, contingencies and other uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus as to the forward-looking statements contained in this
proxy statement/prospectus, and as of the date of any document incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus as to
any forward-looking statement incorporated by reference herein. Except as provided by federal securities laws, neither Century
Communities nor UCP is required to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to Century Communities or UCP or
any person acting on its or their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in
this section. Century Communities and UCP do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to these forward-looking
statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable federal securities laws.
 

-33-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 46/265

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In deciding how and whether to vote, UCP stockholders should carefully consider the following risk factors and all of the
information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, including but not limited to, the matters
addressed in “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 32 of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the matters discussed under “Item 1A. Risk Factors” of Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective Annual
Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 (in UCP’s case, as amended by Amendment Number 1 to the 2016
Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017), as updated from time to time in Century Communities’ and
UCP’s respective subsequent filings with the SEC, which are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See
“Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger

The Stock Exchange Ratio is fixed and will not be adjusted in the event of any change in either Century Communities’ or UCP’s
stock price. Because the market price of Century Communities Common Stock may fluctuate, the value of the Merger
Consideration is uncertain.

In the Merger, each share of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than dissenters’ shares or treasury shares held by UCP and any
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or Century Communities subsidiary) will
be converted into the right to receive and exchanged for the Merger Consideration, consisting of 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid
and nonassessable share of Century Communities Common Stock and $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon. No fractional shares
will be issued in the Merger, and UCP stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares.

Because the Stock Exchange Ratio is fixed, the value of the Merger Consideration will depend on the market price of Century
Communities Common Stock at the effective time of the Merger. The Stock Exchange Ratio will not be adjusted for changes in the
market price of Century Communities Common Stock or UCP Class A Common Stock between the date of signing the Merger
Agreement and completion of the Merger. There will be a lapse of time between the date on which UCP stockholders vote on the
adoption of the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting and the date on which UCP stockholders entitled to receive shares of
Century Communities Common Stock actually receive those shares. The value of the Merger Consideration has fluctuated since the
date of the announcement of the Merger Agreement and will continue to fluctuate from the date of this proxy statement/prospectus to
the effective time of the Merger and thereafter. The closing sale price per share of UCP Class A Common Stock as of April 10, 2017,
the last trading date before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, was $9.30, and the closing sale price per share has
fluctuated as high as $11.65 and as low as $11.00 between that date and June 28, 2017. The closing sale price per share of Century
Communities Common Stock as of April 10, 2017, the last trading date before the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, was
$26.10, and the closing sale price per share has fluctuated as high as $27.90 and as low as $24.35 between that date and June 28, 2017.
Accordingly, at the time of the UCP special meeting, the value of the Merger Consideration will not be known. Stock price changes
may result from a variety of factors, including, among others, general market and economic conditions, changes in Century
Communities’ and UCP’s respective operations and prospects, cash flows, and financial position, market assessments of the likelihood
that the Merger will be completed, the timing of the Merger, and regulatory considerations. Moreover, the issuance of additional shares
of Century Communities Common Stock in the Merger could depress the per share price of Century Communities Common Stock.

UCP stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for shares of Century Communities Common Stock and UCP
Class A Common Stock before making a decision on whether to vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement.
 

-34-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 47/265

Table of Contents

Current Century Communities stockholders and UCP stockholders will generally have a reduced ownership and voting interest in
Century Communities after the Merger.

Century Communities expects to issue to UCP stockholders approximately 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common
Stock in the Merger (which does not include shares of Century Communities Common Stock issuable in connection with the future
vesting of outstanding stock options and restricted stock units of UCP following their conversion into reciprocal stock options and
restricted stock units of Century Communities). Based on the expected number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock and
UCP Class A Common Stock expected to be outstanding upon the completion of the Merger, current Century Communities
stockholders and former UCP stockholders are expected to own approximately 83.2% and 16.4%, respectively, of Century
Communities Common Stock.

Century Communities stockholders and UCP stockholders currently have the right to vote for their respective directors and on
other matters affecting their respective companies. At the completion of the Merger, each UCP stockholder that receives shares of
Century Communities Common Stock and is not already a stockholder of Century Communities will become a stockholder of Century
Communities with a percentage ownership that will be smaller than such stockholder’s percentage ownership of UCP prior to the
Merger. Correspondingly, each Century Communities stockholder will remain a stockholder of Century Communities with a
percentage ownership that will generally be smaller than such stockholder’s percentage of Century Communities prior to the Merger.
As a result of these reduced ownership percentages, each of Century Communities and UCP stockholders will generally have less
voting power in, and influence on management and policies of, Century Communities after the Merger than they now have in their
respective companies.

The Merger is subject to the receipt of certain approvals, including the approval from UCP stockholders as to the Merger
Agreement. Failure to obtain these approvals would prevent completion of the Merger.

Before the Merger can be completed, UCP stockholders must adopt the Merger Agreement. There can be no assurance that such
approval will be obtained. Failure to obtain the required approval may result in a material delay in, or the abandonment of, the Merger.
Any delay in completing the Merger may materially adversely affect the timing and amount of cost savings and other benefits that are
expected to be achieved from the Merger.

If Century Communities needs to pursue external financing options to consummate the Merger, the terms of such financing may be
less favorable to Century Communities than expected, depending on market conditions.

There is no financing condition under the Merger Agreement, which means that if the conditions to closing are otherwise satisfied
or waived, Century Communities is obligated to consummate the Merger whether or not it has sufficient funds to pay the consideration
under the Merger Agreement. Century Communities currently intends to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, repay and
redeem certain outstanding indebtedness of UCP and its subsidiaries, and pay related fees and expenses in connection with the Merger
using cash on hand. If Century Communities needs to pursue external financing options, it may result in unfavorable financing terms
that could increase costs and/or materially adversely affect the financing and operating flexibility of the combined company.

The Merger is subject to a number of conditions to the obligations of both Century Communities and UCP to complete the Merger,
which, if not fulfilled, or not fulfilled in a timely manner, may result in termination of the Merger Agreement.

The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions to completion of the Merger, including:
 

 
•  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders at the UCP special meeting (or at any adjournment or

postponement thereof);
 

-35-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 48/265

Table of Contents

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, and the absence of any

stop order in respect thereof or proceedings initiated or threatened by the SEC for that purpose;
 

 
•  the approval for listing on the NYSE of the shares of Century Communities Common Stock issuable to UCP stockholders in

the Merger;
 

 
•  the exchange of all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO for shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, and as a result

thereof, UCP, LLC being a wholly-owned subsidiary of UCP;
 

 •  the absence of laws, orders, judgments and injunctions that restrain, enjoin or otherwise prohibit completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  subject to certain exceptions, the accuracy of the respective representations and warranties of Century Communities and

UCP, and compliance by Century Communities and UCP with their respective covenants, contained in the Merger
Agreement;

 

 •  the absence of a material adverse effect relating to Century Communities or UCP; and
 

 
•  the receipt of a tax opinion from each party’s tax counsel to the effect that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization”

within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

Many of the conditions to completion of the Merger are not within either Century Communities’ or UCP’s control, and neither
company can predict when or if these conditions will be satisfied. If any of these conditions are not satisfied or waived prior to
October 15, 2017, it is possible that the Merger Agreement may be terminated. Although Century Communities and UCP have agreed
in the Merger Agreement to use commercially reasonable efforts, subject to certain limitations, to complete the Merger as promptly as
practicable, these and other conditions to the completion of the Merger may fail to be satisfied. In addition, satisfying the conditions to
and completion of the Merger may take longer, and could cost more, than Century Communities and UCP expect. Neither Century
Communities nor UCP can predict whether and when these other conditions will be satisfied. Furthermore, the requirements for
obtaining the required clearances and approvals could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent
them from occurring. Any delay in completing the Merger may adversely affect the cost savings and other benefits that Century
Communities expects to achieve if the Merger and the integration of the companies’ respective businesses are completed within the
expected timeframe.

If the Merger does not qualify as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, UCP stockholders may be required to pay
substantial additional U.S. federal income taxes.

It is a condition to completion of the Merger that Paul, Weiss, tax counsel to UCP, and Greenberg Traurig, tax counsel to Century
Communities, each deliver an opinion to both UCP and Century Communities, dated the closing date of the Merger, to the effect that
the Merger will qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Each party may waive the requirement to receive such opinions as a condition to such party’s obligation to complete the Merger. These
opinions will be based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from Century Communities and UCP, as well as
certain covenants and undertakings by Century Communities and UCP, all of which must continue to be true and accurate as of the
effective time of the Merger. If any of the assumptions, representations, covenants or undertakings is incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate
or is violated, one or both of the opinions may not be delivered and, if delivered, the conclusions reached by counsel in their opinions
cannot be relied upon and the tax consequences of the Merger could differ from those described in this proxy statement/prospectus.
Additionally, an opinion of counsel represents counsel’s best legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any court, so there can be
no certainty that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinions or that a court will not sustain such a challenge. If
the IRS or a court determines that the Merger does not qualify as a “reorganization,” a U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock
would generally recognize taxable gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange equal to the difference between
(1) the sum of the
 

-36-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 49/265

Table of Contents

amount of cash and the fair market value of the Century Communities Common Stock received by such U.S. holder, and (2) such U.S.
holder’s tax basis in the UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered in the exchange. Depending on such holder’s particular
circumstances, any such determination could result in such holder being required to pay substantial additional U.S. federal income
taxes.

UCP stockholders will not be permitted to recognize loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in connection with the Merger.

Assuming that the Merger qualifies as a reorganization under Section 368(a) of the Code, a UCP stockholder who surrenders
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock in exchange for a combination of Century Communities Common Stock and cash in the Merger
will not be permitted to recognize, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, any losses realized in respect of such exchange except as
discussed in “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger—Cash
in Lieu of Fractional Shares.”

Uncertainties associated with the Merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees which could
adversely affect the future business and operations of Century Communities following the Merger.

Century Communities and UCP are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other key
employees to execute their business plans. Century Communities’ success after the Merger will depend in part upon its ability to retain
key management personnel and other key employees. Current and prospective employees of Century Communities and UCP may
experience uncertainty about their roles within Century Communities following the Merger or other concerns regarding the timing and
completion of the Merger or the operations of Century Communities following the Merger, any of which may have an adverse effect on
the ability of each of Century Communities and UCP to attract or retain key management and other key personnel. Accordingly, no
assurance can be given that Century Communities following the Merger will be able to attract or retain key management personnel and
other key employees of Century Communities and UCP to the same extent that Century Communities and UCP have previously been
able to attract or retain their own employees. If Century Communities is unable to retain key management personnel and other key
employees who are critical to the successful integration and future operations of Century Communities following the Merger, Century
Communities could face disruptions in its operations, loss of existing customers, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, and
unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs. In addition, the loss of key personnel could diminish the anticipated benefits of
the Merger.

The pendency of the Merger could materially adversely affect the business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows
of Century Communities and UCP.

In connection with the pending Merger, some homebuying customers or vendors of each of Century Communities and UCP may
delay or defer decisions on continuing or expanding their business dealings with the companies, which could materially adversely
affect the revenues, earnings, cash flows and expenses of Century Communities and UCP, regardless of whether the Merger is
consummated. Similarly, current and prospective employees of Century Communities and UCP may experience uncertainty about their
future roles with Century Communities following the consummation of the Merger, which may materially adversely affect the ability
of each of Century Communities and UCP to attract, retain and motivate key personnel during the pendency of the Merger and which
may materially adversely divert attention from the daily activities of Century Communities’ and UCP’s existing employees. In
addition, due to operating covenants in the Merger Agreement, UCP may be unable, during the pendency of the Merger, to pursue
strategic transactions, undertake certain significant financing transactions and otherwise pursue other actions that are not in the
ordinary course of business, even if such actions would prove beneficial. Further, the Merger may give rise to potential liabilities,
including those that may result from future stockholder lawsuits relating to the Merger. Any of these matters could materially adversely
affect the businesses, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Century Communities and UCP.
 

-37-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 50/265

Table of Contents

Completion of the Merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which UCP is a party.

Completion of the Merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which UCP is a party. If
Century Communities and UCP are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and
remedies under the agreements, potentially terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if Century Communities
and UCP are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on
terms less favorable to UCP or the combined company.

The Merger Agreement subjects Century Communities and UCP to restrictions on their business activities prior to the effective time
of the Merger.

The Merger Agreement subjects Century Communities and UCP to restrictions on their business activities and obligates Century
Communities and UCP to generally operate their businesses in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, until the effective
time of the Merger. These restrictions could prevent Century Communities and UCP from pursuing attractive business opportunities
that arise prior to the effective time of the Merger and are outside the ordinary course of business.

The market price of Century Communities Common Stock after the Merger may be affected by factors different from those
currently affecting Century Communities Common Stock or UCP Class A Common Stock.

Upon consummation of the Merger, UCP stockholders will become holders of Century Communities Common Stock. The
business of Century Communities differs from that of UCP in important respects and, accordingly, the results of operations of the
combined company and the market price of shares of Century Communities Common Stock following the Merger may be affected by
factors different from those currently affecting the independent operations of Century Communities and UCP. For a discussion of the
businesses of Century Communities and UCP and of certain factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus referred to under “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning
on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

UCP’s directors and executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of
UCP stockholders generally.

In considering the recommendation of the UCP Board that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement,
UCP stockholders should be aware and take into account the fact that certain UCP directors and executive officers have interests in the
Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally and that may create potential conflicts
of interest. These include severance rights, rights to continuing indemnification and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and
accelerated vesting of certain restricted stock awards. See “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Interests of Certain UCP
Directors and Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus for a more detailed description of these
interests. The UCP Board was aware of and carefully considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating the terms and
structure, and overseeing the negotiation of, the Merger, in approving the Merger Agreement and in recommending that UCP
stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal.

The Merger Agreement limits UCP’s ability to pursue alternatives to the Merger and may discourage other companies from trying
to acquire UCP.

The Merger Agreement contains “no shop” provisions that restricts UCP’s ability to solicit or initiate discussions with third
parties regarding other proposals to acquire UCP, and UCP has agreed to certain terms and
 

-38-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 51/265

Table of Contents

conditions relating to its ability to respond to, enter into discussion and negotiation with respect to, and approve and accept, certain
unsolicited proposals that constitute or are reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal. In addition, Century Communities generally
has an opportunity to offer to modify the terms of the Merger Agreement in response to any competing acquisition proposals before the
UCP Board may withdraw or qualify its recommendation to UCP stockholders in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement. The
Merger Agreement further provides that, upon termination of the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including
termination by UCP to enter into a definitive agreement for a proposal that constitutes a superior proposal, UCP will be required to pay
Century Communities a cash termination fee of $7,050,000.

These provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant
portion of UCP from considering or proposing that acquisition, even if it were prepared to pay consideration with a higher per share
cash or total value than the total Merger Consideration to be paid by Century Communities and received by UCP stockholders in the
Merger. These provisions might also result in a potential third-party acquirer proposing to pay a lower price to UCP stockholders than
such third-party acquirer might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the termination fee. See “Merger
Agreement—No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals” beginning on page 109 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact Century Communities’ or UCP’s stock price and have a material adverse
effect on their results of operations, cash flows and financial position.

If the Merger is not completed for any reason, including as a result of UCP stockholders failing to adopt the Merger Agreement,
the ongoing businesses of Century Communities and UCP may be materially adversely affected and, without realizing any of the
benefits of having completed the Merger, Century Communities and UCP would be subject to a number of risks, including the
following:
 

 
•  Century Communities and UCP may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts

on their respective stock prices;
 

 
•  Century Communities and UCP and their respective subsidiaries may experience negative reactions from their respective

homebuying customers, vendors, regulators and employees;
 

 
•  Century Communities and UCP will still be required to pay certain significant costs relating to the Merger, such as legal,

accounting and financial advisor fees, employee benefit costs, and filing and printing fees;
 

 •  UCP may be required to pay the $7,050,000 cash termination fee as required by the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the Merger Agreement places certain restrictions on the conduct of the respective businesses pursuant to the terms of the

Merger Agreement, which may have delayed or prevented the respective companies from undertaking business opportunities
that, absent the Merger Agreement, may have been pursued;

 

 
•  matters relating to the Merger (including integration planning) require substantial commitments of time and resources by

each company’s management, which could have resulted in the distraction of each company’s management from ongoing
business operations and pursing other opportunities that could have been beneficial to the companies; and

 

 
•  litigation related to any failure to complete the Merger or related to any enforcement proceeding commenced against

Century Communities or UCP to perform their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement.

If the Merger is not completed, the risks described above may materialize and they may have a material adverse effect on Century
Communities’ or UCP’s results of operations, cash flows, financial position and stock prices.
 

-39-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 52/265

Table of Contents

Failure to complete the Merger could negatively affect the ability of UCP to refinance its 8.5% Senior Notes due 2017 before
maturity.

UCP’s 8.5% Senior Notes due 2017 (which we refer to as the “2017 Notes”) have an aggregate outstanding principal amount of
$75 million and mature on October 21, 2017. This significant maturity represents approximately 46.2% of UCP’s outstanding debt
(including capital lease obligations but excluding intercompany liabilities) as of March 31, 2017. If the Merger is not completed before
the 2017 Notes become due, UCP will have to satisfy this maturity, and UCP’s ability to do so will depend on its future operating
performance and financial results, which will be subject, in part, to factors beyond UCP’s control, including interest rates and general
economic, financial and competitive conditions. UCP’s sources of capital to satisfy this maturity may include retained capital, the
issuance of equity securities, debt financing and refinancing and asset sales or a combination of any of the foregoing. However, no
assurance can be given that any of these sources of capital will be available to UCP on favorable terms, or at all, or that such sources
will enable UCP to be able to satisfy the maturity of the 2017 Notes. Any refinancing of the 2017 Notes may be on terms less favorable
than those applicable to the 2017 Notes. As a result, UCP can provide no assurance that it will be able to refinance or repay the 2017
Notes as UCP currently anticipates or at all. UCP’s failure to refinance or repay the 2017 Notes at their stated maturity would have a
material adverse impact on UCP’s financial condition, results of operations, cash flow, liquidity, the market price of UCP Class A
Common Stock and UCP’s ability to achieve its objectives.

In addition, the restrictions on the conduct of UCP’s business under the Merger Agreement generally inhibit incurring new
indebtedness outside the ordinary course, which may limit UCP’s ability to refinance the 2017 Notes before the earlier of the
completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement. Although UCP and Century Communities have agreed to certain
exceptions to these restrictions permitting UCP to negotiate, enter into and incur certain fees under (but not draw on) replacement
credit facilities between signing and closing, there can be no assurance that UCP will be able to negotiate or enter into any such
replacement facilities prior to a potential termination of the Merger Agreement or that UCP will be able to otherwise refinance the
2017 Notes on commercially acceptable terms or at all between any potential termination of the Merger Agreement and the maturity of
the 2017 Notes.

Negative publicity related to the Merger may materially adversely affect Century Communities and UCP.

Political and public sentiment in connection with a proposed combination may result in a significant amount of adverse press
coverage and other adverse public statements affecting the parties to the Merger. Adverse press coverage and public statements,
whether or not driven by political or popular sentiment, may also result in legal claims or in investigations by regulators, legislators and
law enforcement officials. Responding to these investigations and lawsuits, regardless of the ultimate outcome of the proceedings, can
divert the time and effort of senior management from operating their businesses. Addressing any adverse publicity, governmental
scrutiny or enforcement of other legal proceedings is time-consuming and expensive and, regardless of the factual basis for the
assertions being made, could have a negative effect on the reputation of Century Communities and UCP, on the morale of their
employees and on their relationships with regulators. It may also have a negative impact on their ability to take timely advantage of
various business and market opportunities. All of these factors may materially adversely affect Century Communities’ and UCP’s
respective business and cash flows, financial condition and results of operations.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and the unaudited prospective financial information prepared
by Century Communities and UCP included in this proxy statement/prospectus are based on a number of preliminary estimates and
assumptions and the actual results of operations, cash flows and financial position of Century Communities after the Merger may
differ materially.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information in this proxy statement/prospectus is presented for
illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what Century Communities’ actual results of operations, cash flows and
financial position would have been had the Merger been completed on the
 

-40-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 53/265

Table of Contents

dates indicated. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information reflects adjustments, which are based upon
preliminary estimates, to record the UCP identifiable assets to be acquired and liabilities to be assumed at fair value, and the resulting
goodwill to be recognized. The purchase price allocation reflected is preliminary, and final allocation of the purchase price will be
based upon the actual purchase price and the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the Merger. Accordingly, the
final acquisition accounting adjustments may differ materially from the pro forma adjustments reflected in this document. The
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is also based on a number of other estimates and assumptions,
including estimates and assumptions of the type and terms of debt to be incurred to pay the related fees and expenses. If the type or
terms of the new debt actually incurred differ materially from the estimates and assumptions set out in the accompanying unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information, Century Communities’ actual results and financial condition after the completion of
the Merger could differ materially from the results and financial condition contemplated by the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial information.

The unaudited prospective financial information prepared by Century Communities and UCP in this proxy statement/prospectus
was prepared for each company’s internal purposes and is presented in this proxy statement/prospectus because such forecasts were
furnished to the Century Communities Board, the UCP Board and their respective financial advisors. The unaudited prospective
financial information is based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and are beyond the control of each
company’s management team, including assumptions with respect to macro-economic trends, interest rates and anticipated growth
rates, and is not necessarily indicative of what each company’s actual results of operations, cash flows or financial position would be
on the dates indicated. The assumptions used in preparing these forecasts may not prove to be accurate and other factors may affect
Century Communities’ actual results and financial condition after the completion of the Merger, which may cause Century
Communities’ actual results and financial condition to differ materially from the estimates contained in the unaudited prospective
financial information prepared by Century Communities and UCP.

The shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be received by UCP stockholders upon completion of the Merger will have
different rights from shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

Upon completion of the Merger, UCP stockholders will no longer be stockholders of UCP. Instead, former UCP stockholders will
become stockholders of Century Communities and their rights as Century Communities stockholders will be governed by the terms of
the Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws. The terms of the Century Communities Charter and the
Century Communities Bylaws are in some respects materially different than the terms of the UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws, which
currently govern the rights of UCP stockholders. See “Comparison of Stockholder Rights” beginning on page 138 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for a discussion of the different rights associated with shares of Century Communities Common Stock and shares
of UCP Class A Common Stock.

Potential litigation instituted against UCP and its directors challenging the proposed Merger may prevent the Merger from
becoming effective within the expected timeframe or at all.

Potential litigation related to the Merger may result in injunctive or other relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely
affecting UCP’s ability to complete the Merger. Such relief may prevent the Merger from becoming effective within the expected
timeframe or at all. In addition, defending against such claims may be expensive and divert management’s attention and resources,
which could adversely affect the respective businesses of UCP and Century Communities.
 

-41-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 54/265

Table of Contents

Risk Factors Relating to Century Communities Following the Merger

Century Communities may be unable to successfully integrate the businesses of Century Communities and UCP successfully or
realize the anticipated benefits of the Merger.

The Merger involves the combination of two companies that currently operate as independent public companies. Century
Communities will be required to devote significant management attention and resources to integrating the business practices and
operations of Century Communities and UCP. Potential difficulties that Century Communities may encounter as part of the integration
process include the following:
 

 
•  the inability to successfully combine the businesses of Century Communities and UCP in a manner that permits Century

Communities to achieve, on a timely basis, or at all, the enhanced revenue opportunities and cost savings and other benefits
anticipated to result from the Merger;

 

 

•  complexities associated with managing the combined businesses, including difficulty addressing possible differences in
corporate cultures and management philosophies and the challenge of integrating complex systems, technology, networks
and other assets of each of the companies in a seamless manner that minimizes any adverse impact on homebuying
customers, suppliers, employees and other constituencies; and

 

 •  potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen increased expenses or delays associated with the Merger.

In addition, Century Communities and UCP have operated and, until the completion of the Merger will continue to operate,
independently. It is possible that the integration process could result in:
 

 •  diversion of the attention of each company’s management; and
 

 
•  the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company’s ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls,

procedures and policies.

Any of these issues could adversely affect each company’s ability to maintain relationships with homebuying customers,
suppliers, employees and other constituencies or achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger, or could reduce each company’s
earnings or otherwise adversely affect the business and financial results of Century Communities following the Merger.

Century Communities may be unable to realize anticipated cost synergies and expects to incur substantial expenses related to the
Merger, which could have a material adverse effect on Century Communities’ business, financial condition and results of
operations.

Following the consummation of the Merger, Century Communities expects to realize annualized cost synergies of approximately
$5.0 million beginning in 2018.

While Century Communities believes these cost synergies are achievable, Century Communities’ ability to achieve such
estimated cost synergies in the timeframe described, or at all, is subject to various assumptions by Century Communities’ management,
which may or may not be realized, as well as the incurrence of other costs in Century Communities’ operations that offset all or a
portion of such cost synergies. As a consequence, Century Communities may not be able to realize all of these cost synergies within the
timeframe expected or at all. In addition, Century Communities may incur additional and/or unexpected costs in order to realize these
cost synergies. Failure to achieve the expected cost synergies could significantly reduce the expected benefits associated with the
Merger and adversely affect Century Communities.

In addition, Century Communities has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with the negotiation and
consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the costs and expenses of filing this proxy
statement/prospectus with the SEC.
 

-42-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 55/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities expects to continue to incur non-recurring costs associated with consummating the Merger, combining the
operations of the two companies and achieving the desired cost synergies. These fees and costs have been, and will continue to be,
substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the Merger and include,
among others, fees paid to legal, accounting and financial advisors, employee benefit costs, and filing and printing fees.

These costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the
financial condition and operating results of Century Communities following the consummation of the Merger and many of these costs
will be borne by Century Communities even if the Merger is not consummated.

The future results of Century Communities following the Merger will suffer if Century Communities does not effectively manage its
expanded operations.

Following the Merger, the size of the business of Century Communities will increase significantly beyond the current size of
either Century Communities’ or UCP’s business. Century Communities’ future success will depend, in part, upon its ability to manage
this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management, including challenges related to the management and
monitoring of new operations and associated increased costs and complexity. There can be no assurances that Century Communities
will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements or other benefits
currently anticipated from the Merger.

Century Communities and UCP face competition, which is expected to intensify and which may reduce the market share and profits
of Century Communities after consummation of the Merger.

Competition in the homebuilding industry is intense, and there are relatively low barriers to entry in the industry. Homebuilders
compete for, among other things, home buying customers, desirable land parcels, financing, raw materials and skilled labor. Increased
competition could hurt Century Communities’ and UCP’s businesses, as it could prevent both companies from acquiring attractive land
parcels on which to build homes or make such acquisitions more expensive, hinder their market share expansion and lead to pricing
pressures on their homes that may adversely impact their margins and revenues. If Century Communities is unable to successfully
compete following the Merger, its business, prospects, liquidity, financial condition and results of operations could be materially and
adversely affected.

Following the consummation of the Merger, Century Communities’ competitive position could be weakened by strategic alliances
or consolidation within the advisory services industry or the development of new technologies. Century Communities’ ability to
compete successfully will depend on how well it markets its products and services and on its ability to anticipate and respond to
various competitive factors affecting the industry, including changes in consumer preferences or demographics, and changes in the
product offerings or pricing strategies of Century Communities’ competitors.

After the consummation of the Merger, competition could materially adversely affect Century Communities in several ways,
including (i) the loss of customers and market share, (ii) Century Communities’ need to lower prices or increase marketing expenses to
remain competitive and (iii) the loss of business relationships within Century Communities’ existing markets.

The market price of Century Communities Common Stock may decline in the future as a result of the sale of such shares held by
former UCP stockholders or current Century Communities stockholders or due to other factors.

Based on the number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding as of April 10, 2017, and adjusted for unvested stock
awards of UCP that vest prior to the Merger and the exchange of all Series A Units of
 

-43-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 56/265

Table of Contents

UCP, LLC held by PICO for shares of UCP Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, Century
Communities expects to issue approximately 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common Stock to UCP stockholders in the
Merger (which does not include shares of Century Communities Common Stock issuable in connection with the future vesting of
outstanding stock options and restricted stock units of UCP following their conversion into reciprocal stock options and restricted stock
units of Century Communities). Upon the receipt of Century Communities Common Stock as Merger Consideration, former holders of
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock may seek to sell the Century Communities Common Stock delivered to them. Current Century
Communities stockholders may also seek to sell Century Communities Common Stock held by them following, or in anticipation of,
consummation of the Merger. These sales (or the perception that these sales may occur), coupled with the increase in the outstanding
number of Century Communities Common Stock, may affect the market for, and the market price of, Century Communities Common
Stock in an adverse manner. None of these stockholders are subject to “lock-up” or “market stand off” agreements.

The market price of Century Communities Common Stock may also decline in the future as a result of the consummation of the
Merger for a number of other reasons, including:
 

 •  the unsuccessful integration of UCP into Century Communities;
 

 
•  the failure of Century Communities to achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger, including financial results (and any

associated cost synergies), as rapidly as or to the extent anticipated;
 

 •  decreases in Century Communities’ financial results before or after the consummation of the Merger; and
 

 •  general market or economic conditions unrelated to Century Communities’ performance.

These factors are, to some extent, beyond the control of Century Communities.

Century Communities is expected to incur substantial expenses related to the Merger and integration.

Century Communities is expected to incur substantial expenses in connection with the Merger and the related integration. There
are a large number of processes, policies, procedures, operations, technologies and systems that may need to be integrated, including
purchasing, accounting and finance, sales, payroll, pricing and benefits. While Century Communities has assumed that a certain level
of expenses will be incurred, there are many factors beyond its control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the integration
expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These expenses
could, particularly in the near term, exceed the savings that Century Communities expects to achieve from the elimination of
duplicative expenses and the realization of economies of scale and cost savings. These integration expenses likely will result in
Century Communities taking significant charges against earnings following the completion of the Merger, and the amount and timing
of such charges are uncertain at present.

Century Communities may not be able to continue to grow through acquisitions.

In the past, Century Communities has sought growth through acquisitions of, or significant investments in, businesses that offer
complementary products and services or otherwise support its growth objectives. However, following the consummation of the Merger,
Century Communities cannot assure you that it will continue to identify attractive acquisition targets and consummate acquisitions.
Upon consummation of the Merger and the incurrence of debt in connection therewith, Century Communities’ anticipated level of
indebtedness will be significantly higher than prior to the consummation of the Merger. As a result, Century Communities cannot
assure you that it will be able to arrange financing for future acquisitions on terms acceptable to it. In addition, the combined company
will be a substantially larger company than Century Communities is at this time and may face additional scrutiny in connection with
federal and state governmental approvals in connection with any future acquisitions of attractive targets and may not be able to obtain
such approvals at all. The realization of any of these risks could adversely affect Century Communities’ business.
 

-44-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 57/265

Table of Contents

Following the consummation of the Merger, Century Communities will be bound by all of the obligations and liabilities of both
companies.

Following the consummation of the Merger, Century Communities will become bound by all of the obligations and liabilities of
UCP in addition to Century Communities’ obligation and liabilities existing prior to the consummation of the Merger. Neither Century
Communities nor UCP can predict the financial condition of Century Communities at the time of the combination or the ability of
Century Communities to satisfy its obligations and liabilities.

The Merger may result in a loss of suppliers or strategic alliances and may result in the termination of existing contracts.

Following the Merger, some of the suppliers or strategic partners of Century Communities or UCP, as historical businesses, may
terminate or scale back their business relationship with Century Communities. Century Communities and UCP have contracts with
suppliers, vendors, and other business partners which may require Century Communities or UCP to obtain consents from these other
parties in connection with the Merger, which may not be obtained at all or on favorable terms. If supplier relationships or strategic
alliances are adversely affected by the Merger, or if Century Communities, following the Merger, loses the benefits of the contracts of
Century Communities or UCP, Century Communities’ business and financial performance could suffer.

Century Communities may have to make additional contributions following completion of the Merger to fund its pension and other
post-retirement benefit plans, including UCP plans.

Century Communities and UCP and their respective subsidiaries currently maintain and contribute to defined benefit pension
plans and other post-retirement benefit plans that cover various categories of employees and retirees. The obligation to make
contributions to fund benefit obligations under these pension and other post-retirement benefit plans is based on actuarial valuations,
which are based on certain assumptions, including the long-term return on plan assets and the discount rate. Century Communities may
have to make additional contributions following completion of the Merger to fund its pension and other post-retirement benefit plans,
including any such UCP plans. Additional contributions could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows
and financial position of Century Communities.

Century Communities’ level of indebtedness could increase if it continues to acquire additional businesses and make strategic
investments.

On May 12, 2017, Century Communities completed a private offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its
5.875% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “May 2017 Notes”) at an issue price of 100%, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately
$395.0 million after offering costs. The May 2017 Notes were sold and issued in a private offering, exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain
non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Utilizing the net
proceeds from the offering of the May 2017 Notes, upon consummation of the Merger, Century Communities intends to (i) repay
UCP’s outstanding indebtedness of approximately $161.6 million, which approximates its fair value, and (ii) pay the cash portion of
the Merger Consideration (in the aggregate amount of approximately $97.7 million) to UCP stockholders in connection with the
Merger. As of March 31, 2017, Century Communities’ consolidated indebtedness, on a pro forma basis after taking into account the
foregoing transactions described above, would be approximately $777.9 million.

Century Communities expects to continue to evaluate the possibility of acquiring additional businesses and making strategic
investments, and Century Communities may elect to finance these endeavors by incurring additional indebtedness. Moreover, to
respond to competitive challenges, Century Communities may be required to raise substantial additional capital to finance new product
offerings. As a result, Century Communities’ indebtedness could increase relative to the level of indebtedness at the closing of the
Merger, and the related risks that Century Communities faces could intensify.
 

-45-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 58/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities’ anticipated level of indebtedness following the consummation of the Merger, together with any additional
indebtedness it may incur in the future, could adversely affect Century Communities in a number of ways. For example, the anticipated
level of indebtedness or any additional financing could or will:
 

 
•  make it more difficult for Century Communities to pay or refinance its debts as they become due during adverse economic,

financial market and industry conditions;
 

 
•  require Century Communities to use a larger portion of its cash flow for debt service, reducing funds available for other

purposes;
 

 
•  cause Century Communities to be less able to take advantage of business opportunities, such as acquisition opportunities,

and to react to changes in market or industry conditions;
 

 •  increase Century Communities’ vulnerability to adverse economic, industry or competitive developments;
 

 
•  affect Century Communities’ ability to obtain additional financing, particularly as substantially all of Century Communities’

assets will be subject to liens securing certain of its indebtedness;
 

 
•  decrease Century Communities’ profitability and/or cash flow or require Century Communities to dispose of significant

assets in order to satisfy its debt service and other obligations if it is not able to satisfy these obligations from cash from
operations or other sources;

 

 •  cause Century Communities to be disadvantaged compared to competitors with less leverage; and
 

 
•  limit Century Communities’ ability to borrow additional funds in the future to fund working capital, capital expenditures and

other general corporate purposes.

The terms of Century Communities’ indebtedness as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and following the
consummation of the Merger are expected to include covenants that, among other things, restrict Century Communities’ ability to:
(i) dispose of assets; (ii) incur additional indebtedness; (iii) incur guarantee obligations; (iv) prepay certain other indebtedness or
amend other financing arrangements; (v) pay dividends; (vi) create liens on assets; (vii) enter into sale and leaseback transactions;
(viii) make investments, loans or advances; (ix) make acquisitions; (x) engage in mergers or consolidations; (xi) change the business
conducted; and (xii) engage in certain transactions with affiliates. In addition, under its existing revolving credit facility, Century
Communities is subject to financial maintenance covenants requiring that its leverage levels not exceed specified levels and that it
maintain at least a specified interest coverage ratio. Century Communities’ failure to comply with any of these covenants could result
in an event of default that, if not cured or waived, could result in the acceleration of certain of its debt, which could have a material
adverse effect on Century Communities’ business, financial condition and results of operations.

Century Communities may not be able to service all of its indebtedness and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy its
obligations under its indebtedness, which may not be successful. Century Communities’ failure to meet its debt service obligations
could have a material adverse effect on Century Communities’ business, financial condition and results of operations.

Century Communities estimates that the annual cash interest payments on the combined company’s debt, following the
consummation of the Merger would be approximately $50.1 million, which can fluctuate depending on changes in interest rates.
Century Communities depends on cash on hand and cash flows from operations to make scheduled debt payments. Century
Communities expects to be able to meet the estimated cash interest payments on the combined company’s debt following the Merger
through a combination of (i) the expected cash flows from operations of the combined company, (ii) cash generated from the sale of
non-core assets, and (iii) to a limited extent, the undrawn capacity under its revolving credit facility. However, Century Communities’
ability to generate sufficient cash flow from operations of the combined company and to utilize other methods to make scheduled
payments will depend on a range of economic, competitive and business factors, many of which are outside of its control. However,
there can be no assurance that these sources will be
 

-46-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 59/265

Table of Contents

adequate. If Century Communities is unable to service its indebtedness and fund its operations, Century Communities will be forced to
adopt an alternative strategy that may include:
 

 •  limiting its growth;
 

 •  seeking additional capital;
 

 •  selling assets; or
 

 •  restructuring or refinancing its indebtedness.

Even if Century Communities adopts an alternative strategy, the strategy may not be successful and Century Communities may be
unable to service its indebtedness and fund its operations, which could have a material adverse effect on Century Communities’
business, financial condition or results of operations.

The enactment of proposed legislation in California could materially impact the combined company’s financial position and results
of operations following the Merger.

On January 23, 2017, California Assembly Bill No. 199 (which we refer to as “AB 199”) was proposed in the California
legislature. Interpreted broadly, the initial version of AB 199 mandated the payment of prevailing wages for newly constructed and
privately financed housing in California. As originally proposed, such a mandate would significantly increase the costs of construction
in California, which would make certain projects in California economically infeasible. On April 6, 2017, the text of AB 199 was
amended to exempt private residential projects. There can be no assurance, however, that AB 199 will not be subsequently amended to
include private residential projects in the future. Due to UCP’s existing homebuilding activities in California, the enactment of AB 199
or other similar legislation may adversely affect the combined company’s financial position and results of operations following the
Merger.

Other Risk Factors Relating to Century Communities and UCP

As a result of entering into the Merger Agreement, Century Communities’ and UCP’s businesses are and will be subject to the
risks described above. In addition, Century Communities and UCP are, and following completion of the Merger, Century Communities
will continue to be, subject to the risks described in Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (in UCP’s case, as amended by Amendment Number 1 to the 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-
K/A, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017), as updated from time to time in their subsequent filings with the SEC, including those
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of
this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

-47-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 60/265

Table of Contents

THE COMPANIES

Century Communities, Inc.

Century Communities is engaged in the development, design, construction, marketing and sale of single-family attached and
detached homes in metropolitan areas in Colorado, Austin and San Antonio, Texas (which we refer to as “Central Texas”), Houston,
Texas, Las Vegas, Nevada, Atlanta, Georgia, Salt Lake City, Utah, and Charlotte, North Carolina. In many of its projects, in addition to
building homes, Century Communities is responsible for the entitlement and development of the underlying land. Century
Communities’ homebuilding operations are organized into the following seven operating segments based on the geographic markets in
which it operates: Atlanta, Central Texas, Charlotte, Colorado, Houston, Nevada, and Utah. Additionally, Century Communities’
wholly owned subsidiaries, Inspire Home Loans Inc. and Parkway Financial Group LLC, which provide mortgage and title services to
its home buyers, respectively, have been identified as its Financial Services operating segment.

Century Communities builds and sells an extensive range of home types across a variety of price points. Its emphasis is on
acquiring well located land positions and offering quality homes with innovative design elements. The core of its business plan is to
acquire and develop land strategically, based on its understanding of population growth patterns, entitlement restrictions and
infrastructure development. Century Communities focuses on locations within its markets with convenient access to metropolitan areas
that are generally characterized by diverse economic and employment bases and demographics and increasing populations. Century
Communities believes these conditions create strong demand for new housing, and these locations represent what it believes to be
attractive opportunities for long-term growth. Century Communities also seeks assets that have desirable characteristics, such as good
access to major job centers, schools, shopping, recreation and transportation facilities, and it strives to offer a broad spectrum of
product types in these locations. Product development and customer service are key components of the lifestyle connection Century
Communities seeks to establish with each individual homebuyer. Century Communities’ construction expertise across an extensive
product offering allows it flexibility to pursue a wide array of land acquisition opportunities and appeal to a broad range of potential
homebuyers, from entry-level to first- and second-time move-up buyers and lifestyle homebuyers. Additionally, Century Communities
believes its diversified product strategy enables it to adapt quickly to changing market conditions and to optimize returns while
strategically reducing portfolio risk.

During the year ended December 31, 2016, Century Communities delivered 2,825 homes, with an average sales price of $346.5
thousand. During the same period, it generated approximately $978.7 million in home sales revenue, approximately $73.1 million in
income before tax expense, and approximately $49.5 million in net income. For the year ended December 31, 2016, Century
Communities’ net new home contracts totaled 2,860 homes, a 21.4% increase over the same period in 2015. On December 31, 2016,
Century Communities had a backlog of 749 sold but unclosed homes, consisting of approximately $302.8 million in sales value, a
11.7% increase over the same period in 2015. Its results of operations are significantly impacted by its acquisitions of Peachtree
Communities Group, Inc. and its affiliates and subsidiaries in November 2014, Grand View Builders in August 2014, and Las Vegas
Land Holdings, LLC in April 2014. Subsequent to the acquisitions, these operations became Century Communities’ Atlanta, Houston
and Nevada operating segments, respectively.

During 2016, Century Communities also invested for future growth through (i) its entrance into the Utah and North Carolina
markets, (ii) commencing its wholly-owned financing operations, Parkway Financial Group, and (iii) acquiring a 50% ownership in
Wade Jurney Homes. Century Communities also continued to expand its future pipeline of land positions as it increased its total lots
owned and under control from 13,160 as of December 31, 2015 to 18,296 as of December 31, 2016.

Century Communities’ principal executive offices are located at 8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650, Greenwood Village,
Colorado 80111. Its main telephone number is (303) 770-8300.
 

-48-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 61/265

Table of Contents

UCP, Inc.

UCP is a homebuilder and land developer with expertise in residential land acquisition, development and entitlement, as well as
home design, construction and sales. UCP operates in the states of California, Washington, North Carolina, South Carolina and
Tennessee. UCP designs, constructs and sells high quality single-family homes through Benchmark Communities, LLC (which we
refer to as “Benchmark Communities”), its wholly owned homebuilding subsidiary. Prior to completion of its IPO, UCP operated as a
wholly owned subsidiary of PICO Holdings, Inc., a NASDAQ-listed, diversified holding company. Subsequent to UCP’s IPO, PICO
holds a majority of the voting power of UCP, Inc. and of the economic interests of UCP, LLC, the subsidiary through which UCP
operates its business under the name UCP.

UCP has segmented its operating activities into two geographical regions and currently has homebuilding reportable segments
and land development reportable segments in the West and Southeast.

In California, UCP primarily operates in the Central Valley area (Fresno and Madera counties), the Monterey Bay area (Monterey
County), the South San Francisco Bay area (Santa Clara and San Benito counties) and in Southern California (Los Angeles, Ventura
and Kern counties). In Washington State, it operates in the Puget Sound area (King, Snohomish, Thurston and Kitsap counties). In
North Carolina, it operates in the Charlotte and Raleigh areas (Mecklenburg, Iredell, Union, Chatham counties). In South Carolina,
UCP operates in the Myrtle Beach area (Horry County). In Tennessee, it operates in the Nashville area (Davidson, Rutherford, Wilson
and Sumner counties).

UCP believes that these markets have attractive residential real estate investment characteristics, such as favorable long-term
population demographics, consumer demand for single-family housing that often exceeds available supply, large and growing
employment bases, and the ability to generate above-average investment returns. It continues to experience significant homebuilding
and land development opportunities in its current markets and is evaluating potential expansion opportunities in other markets that it
believes have attractive long-term investment characteristics.

UCP actively sources, evaluates and acquires land for residential real estate development and homebuilding. For each of its real
estate assets, it periodically analyzes ways to maximize value by either (i) building single-family homes and marketing them for sale
under its Benchmark Communities brand or (ii) completing entitlement work and horizontal infrastructure development and selling lots
to third-party homebuilders. It performs this analysis using a disciplined analytical process, which UCP believes is a differentiating
component of its business strategy.

UCP builds homes through its wholly owned homebuilding subsidiary, Benchmark Communities, LLC. Benchmark Communities
operates under the principle that “Everything Matters!” This principle underlies all phases of UCP’s new home sale and construction
process including planning, design, construction, marketing, sales and the customer experience. UCP is diversified by product offering,
which it believes reduces its exposure to any particular market or customer segment. UCP decides to target specific and identifiable
buyer segments by project and geographic market, in part dictated by each particular asset, its location, topography and competitive
market positioning, and the amenities of the surrounding area and the community in which it is located.

UCP believes that its sizable inventory of well-located land provides it with a significant opportunity to develop communities and
design, construct and sell homes under its Benchmark Communities brand. UCP expects that homebuilding and home sales will
constitute its primary means of generating revenue growth for the foreseeable future.

UCP’s principal executive offices are located at 99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113. Its telephone
number is (408) 207-9499.
 

-49-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 62/265

Table of Contents

Merger Sub

Casa Acquisition Corp., a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century Communities, is a Delaware corporation that was formed on
April 7, 2017 for the sole purpose of effecting the Merger. In the Merger, UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub, with Merger
Sub surviving the Merger. As a result of the Merger, Merger Sub, together with the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will
become direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities.

Merger Sub’s principal executive offices and its telephone number are the same as those of Century Communities.
 

-50-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 63/265

Table of Contents

UCP SPECIAL MEETING

UCP is providing this proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies to be voted at
the UCP special meeting (or any adjournment or postponement of the UCP special meeting). This proxy statement/prospectus contains
important information for you to consider when deciding how and whether to vote on the matters brought before the UCP special
meeting. Please read it carefully and in its entirety.

Date, Time and Location

The date, time and place of the UCP special meeting are set forth below:

Date: August 1, 2017

Time: 11:00 a.m., local time

Place: Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170 South Market Street, San Jose, California 95113

Purpose

At the UCP special meeting, UCP stockholders will vote on:
 

 

•  Proposal I: a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, pursuant to which UCP will merge with and into Merger Sub, with
Merger Sub continuing as the surviving corporation in such Merger, such that the separate corporate existence of UCP will
cease to exist, UCP no longer will be a publicly traded company, and the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will
become direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities; and

 

 •  Proposal II: the adjournment proposal.

The adoption by UCP stockholders of the Merger Agreement is a condition to the obligations of Century Communities and of
UCP to complete the Merger. The approval of the adjournment proposal is not a condition to the obligations of Century Communities
or of UCP to complete the Merger.

Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors

In evaluating the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the UCP Board consulted with UCP
senior management and UCP’s outside legal counsel and financial advisor. After consideration, the UCP Board, at a meeting duly held
on April 10, 2017, at which all of the members of the UCP Board were present, unanimously determined that the Merger Agreement
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, UCP
and its stockholders, and approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, including the proposed Merger. For more information regarding the factors considered by the UCP Board in
reaching its decision to approve the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, see “Proposal I:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement—UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors” beginning on
page 70 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement and FOR the
adjournment proposal.

Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Stockholders Entitled to Vote

UCP has two classes of voting stock issued and outstanding, the UCP Class A Common Stock and the UCP Class B Common
Stock, which generally vote together as a single class on all matters presented to UCP stockholders for their vote or approval.
 

-51-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 64/265

Table of Contents

The UCP Board has fixed the close of business on June 9, 2017 as the Record Date for determination of the UCP stockholders
entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof. Only UCP stockholders of
record on the Record Date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or
postponement thereof.

As of the Record Date, there were 7,966,314 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the UCP
special meeting, held by approximately three holders of record, and there were 100 shares of UCP Class B Common Stock outstanding
and entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting, held by one holder of record (PICO). With respect to each matter to be acted upon at
the UCP special meeting, each holder of UCP Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote for each outstanding share of UCP
Class A Common Stock held by such holder, and each holder of UCP Class B Common Stock is entitled to, without regard to the
number of outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held by such holder, a number of votes equal to the number of Series A
Units of UCP, LLC held by such holder, multiplied by the Exchange Rate. As of the Record Date, the sole holder of record of all
outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock is PICO, and PICO holds 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP, LLC, which are
exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting will be available for examination by any stockholder for any
purpose germane to the UCP special meeting beginning ten days prior to the UCP special meeting between the hours of 10:00 a.m. and
5:00 p.m., local time, at 99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113, UCP’s principal place of business, and ending
on the date of the UCP special meeting, and such list will also be available at the UCP special meeting during the duration of the
meeting.

Quorum

A quorum of outstanding shares is necessary to take action at the UCP special meeting. The presence in person or by proxy of the
holders of UCP Common Stock having a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding classes of stock
entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting will constitute a quorum at the UCP special meeting.

If a holder of UCP Class A Common Stock is a beneficial owner of shares held in “street name” by a bank, broker, trust company
or other nominee and does not provide the organization that holds its shares with specific voting instructions, then, under applicable
rules, the organization that holds its shares may generally vote on “routine” matters but cannot vote on “non-routine” matters. If the
organizations that holds its shares does not receive instructions from such UCP stockholder on how to vote its shares on a non-routine
matter, that bank, broker, trust company or other nominee will inform the inspector of election at the UCP special meeting that it does
not have authority to vote on the matter with respect to such shares. This is generally referred to as a “broker non-vote.” Abstentions
and broker non-votes will be included in the calculation of the number of shares of UCP Common Stock represented at the UCP
special meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum has been achieved. However, if a beneficial owner of UCP Class A
Common Stock does not instruct its broker, bank, trust company or other nominee how to vote on any matter, the broker, bank, trust
company or other nominee will not have discretion to vote on any proposal at the UCP special meeting and such shares will not be
deemed to be in attendance at the meeting or counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum has been achieved.
 

-52-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 65/265

Table of Contents

Required Vote

The required number of votes to approve the matters to be voted upon at the UCP special meeting depends on the particular item
to be voted upon as set out below:
 
   Item   Vote Necessary for Approval*
Proposal I

  

Adoption of the Merger Agreement

  

Approval requires the affirmative vote, in person or by
proxy, of holders of a majority of the voting power of
the outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock
and UCP Class B Common Stock, voting together as a
single class.

Proposal II

  

Adjournment of UCP Special Meeting (if Necessary or
Appropriate)

  

Approval requires the affirmative vote, in person or by
proxy, of holders of a majority of the votes which could
be cast by the holders of all classes of stock entitled to
vote on such question which are present in person or by
proxy at the meeting.

 
* Under the rules of the NYSE, if you hold your shares of UCP Common Stock in street name, your nominee or intermediary may not

vote your shares without instructions from you. If you do not provide voting instructions on any Proposal, your shares will not be
deemed in attendance at the UCP special meeting and will not be voted. If you provide voting instructions on one Proposal but not
the other Proposal, a broker non-vote will occur with respect to whichever Proposal you did not provide voting instructions for.
Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote against the applicable Proposal. Shares deemed not in attendance at the meeting,
whether due to a record holder’s failure to vote in person or by proxy or a “street name” holder’s failure to provide any voting
instructions to such holder’s nominee or intermediary, and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote against Proposal I
but will have no effect on Proposal II.

Share Ownership of and Voting by UCP Directors and Executive Officers

At the Record Date, UCP’s directors and executive officers and their affiliates (other than PICO, UCP’s majority stockholder)
beneficially owned and had the right to vote an aggregate of 176,760 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock and no shares of UCP
Class B Common Stock at the UCP special meeting, which represents 2.2% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of UCP
Common Stock entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting.

Two members of the UCP Board, Eric H. Speron and Maxim C.W. Webb, are members of the board of directors of PICO (and
Mr. Webb is also the President and Chief Executive Officer of PICO), and may be deemed to share voting power and investment
control over the shares of UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO. Messrs. Speron and Webb disclaim beneficial ownership of
the shares of UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO except to the extent of any pecuniary interest therein. The 100 shares of
UCP Class B Common Stock owned by PICO are entitled to approximately 57% of the voting power of the outstanding shares of UCP
Common Stock entitled to vote at the UCP special meeting.

It is expected that UCP’s directors and executive officers and PICO will vote their respective shares FOR the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal. For more information regarding PICO’s obligations to vote its shares of UCP
capital stock pursuant to the Voting Agreement, see “The Voting Agreement” beginning on page 120 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Voting of Shares

If your shares of UCP Common Stock are registered directly in your name with Computershare Trust Company, N.A., UCP’s
transfer agent and registrar, then you are considered to be the stockholder “of record”
 

-53-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 66/265

Table of Contents

with respect to those shares. You may specify whether your shares should be voted for or against, or whether you abstain from voting
with respect to, the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement and the adjournment proposal.

You may attend the UCP special meeting and vote your shares in person or you may submit a proxy by any of the following
methods:
 

 

•  By Mail. If you choose to submit a proxy to vote by mail, simply complete the enclosed proxy card, date and sign it, and
return it in the postage-paid envelope provided. Your shares will be voted in accordance with the instructions on your proxy
card. If you sign your proxy card and return it without marking any voting instructions, your shares will be voted FOR the
proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, FOR the adjournment proposal, and in the discretion of the persons named as
proxies on all other matters that may properly come before the UCP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of
the UCP special meeting.

 

 
•  By Telephone. You may submit a proxy to vote your shares by telephone by calling the toll-free number provided on your

proxy card any time up to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 31, 2017. If you vote by telephone, you should not return your
proxy card.

 

 
•  Through the Internet. You may also submit a proxy to vote through the Internet by signing on to the website identified on

your proxy card and following the procedures described in the website any time up to 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 31,
2017. If you vote by Internet, you should not return your proxy card.

If you are a beneficial owner and hold your shares in street name, or through a nominee or intermediary, such as a bank or broker,
you will receive separate instructions from such nominee or intermediary describing how to vote your shares. The availability of
telephonic or Internet voting will depend on the intermediary’s voting process. Please check with your nominee or intermediary and
follow the voting instructions provided by your nominee or intermediary with these materials.

Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the UCP special meeting, please act promptly to vote your
shares with respect to the proposals described above. You may vote your shares by completing, signing and dating the enclosed
proxy card and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided. You also may vote your shares by telephone or through the
Internet by following the instructions set forth on the proxy card. If you attend the UCP special meeting, you may vote your
shares in person, even if you have previously submitted a proxy in writing, by telephone or through the Internet. If your shares
are held in the name of a nominee or intermediary, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction card furnished by
such record holder.

Revocability of Proxies; Changing Your Vote

You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before your shares are voted at the UCP special meeting by:
 

 
•  sending a signed written notice stating that you revoke your proxy to the Secretary, at UCP’s offices at 99 Almaden

Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113, Attention: Secretary, that bears a later date than the date of the proxy you
want to revoke and is received by the UCP Secretary prior to the applicable special meeting;

 

 •  submitting a valid, later-dated proxy via mail, over the telephone or through the Internet; or
 

 
•  attending the UCP special meeting (or if the UCP special meeting is adjourned or postponed, attending the adjourned or

postponed meeting) and voting in person, which will automatically cancel any proxy previously given, or revoking your
proxy in person, but your attendance alone will not constitute a vote or revoke any proxy previously given.

 
-54-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 67/265

Table of Contents

Beneficial owners who hold their UCP Common Stock in street name cannot revoke their proxies in person at the UCP special
meeting because the UCP stockholders of record who have the right to cast the votes will not be present. If beneficial owners of UCP
Common Stock wish to change their votes after returning voting instructions, they should contact their bank, broker or other agent
before the UCP special meeting to determine whether they can do so.

Solicitation of Proxies; Expenses of Solicitation

This proxy statement/prospectus is being provided to UCP stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the UCP
Board to be voted at the UCP special meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the UCP special meeting. UCP will bear
all costs and expenses in connection with the solicitation of proxies for the UCP special meeting, except that Century Communities and
UCP will each pay 50% of the costs of filing, printing and mailing this proxy statement/prospectus. UCP has engaged MacKenzie
Partners, Inc. to assist in the distribution and solicitation of proxies for the UCP special meeting and will pay MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
a fee of approximately $9,000, plus reimbursement of reasonable expenses, for these services.

UCP is making this solicitation by mail, but UCP’s directors, officers and employees also may solicit by mail, telephone,
facsimile, electronic transmission, personal interview or otherwise. Such directors, officers and employees will not receive additional
compensation, but may be reimbursed by UCP for out-of-pocket expenses in connection with such solicitation. UCP will reimburse
brokerage firms and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries for their reasonable expenses incurred in sending proxies and proxy
materials to beneficial owners.

Householding

UCP has not instituted householding for stockholders of record. However, certain brokerage firms may have instituted
householding for beneficial owners of shares of UCP Common Stock held through brokerage firms. If your household has multiple
accounts holding shares of UCP Common Stock, you may have already received householding notification from your broker. Please
contact your broker directly if you have any questions or require additional copies of this proxy statement/prospectus. The broker will
arrange for delivery of a separate copy of this proxy statement/prospectus promptly upon your request. UCP stockholders may decide
at any time to revoke a decision to household, and thereby receive multiple copies.

Adjournment

The UCP special meeting may be adjourned from time to time to reconvene at the same or some other place, and notice need not
be given of any such adjourned meeting if the time and place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by
which stockholders and proxyholders may be deemed to be present in person and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the
meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned UCP special meeting, any business may be transacted that might have
been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, notice of the adjourned meeting in
accordance with the UCP Bylaws must be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. If after the adjournment a
new record date for determination of stockholders entitled to vote is fixed for the adjourned meeting, the UCP Board will fix as the
record date for determining UCP stockholders entitled to notice of such adjourned UCP special meeting the same or an earlier date as
that fixed for determination of UCP stockholders entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting, and will give notice of the adjourned UCP
special meeting to each UCP stockholder of record as of the record date so fixed for notice of such adjourned UCP special meeting. All
proxies will be voted in the same manner as they would have been voted at the original convening of the UCP special meeting, except
for any proxies that have been effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the time the proxy is voted at the reconvened meeting.

Tabulation of Votes; Methods of Voting; Results

UCP will retain an independent party, JRA Consulting Services, LLC, to receive and tabulate the proxies, and to serve as the
inspector of election to certify the results of the UCP special meeting.
 

-55-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 68/265

Table of Contents

Other Information

The matters to be considered at the UCP special meeting are of great importance to UCP stockholders. Accordingly, you are
urged to read and carefully consider the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus and
complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided. You may also vote your shares
by telephone or through the Internet. If you submit your proxy by telephone or through the Internet, you do not need to return
the enclosed proxy card.

Assistance; Proxy Solicitor

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the UCP special meeting, please contact:
 

105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
Telephone: (800) 322-2885

Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

or

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
Attention: Investor Relations

Email: Investorrelations@unioncommunityllc.com
Telephone: (408) 207-9499 Ext. 476

 
-56-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 69/265

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL I: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

General

This proxy statement/prospectus is being provided to UCP stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the UCP
Board to be voted at the UCP special meeting and at any adjournments or postponements of the UCP special meeting. At the UCP
special meeting, UCP will ask its stockholders to vote to (i) adopt the Merger Agreement and (ii) approve the adjournment proposal.

The Merger will not be completed without the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders. A copy of the
Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus. You are urged to read the Merger Agreement in its
entirety because it is the legal document that governs the Merger. For additional information about the Merger Agreement, see “The
Merger Agreement” beginning on page  103 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Effects of the Merger

At the effective time of the Merger, UCP will merge with and into Merger Sub, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century
Communities that was formed for the sole purpose of effecting the Merger. Merger Sub will survive the Merger, and as a result of the
Merger, Merger Sub, together with the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will become direct and indirect wholly-owned
subsidiaries of Century Communities.

At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding share of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than dissenters’ shares or
treasury shares held by UCP and any shares of UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or
Century Communities subsidiary) will be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for the Merger Consideration,
with cash paid in lieu of fractional shares. Century Communities stockholders will continue to hold their existing shares of Century
Communities Common Stock.

Background of the Merger

As part of its ongoing strategic planning process, the UCP Board regularly reviews and assesses UCP’s long-term strategic goals
and opportunities, industry trends, competitive environment, and short- and long-term performance, with the goal of enhancing
stockholder value. In connection with these activities, the UCP Board met from time to time in the ordinary course of business to
consider and evaluate potential strategic alternatives, including business combinations, acquisitions, dispositions, stock buybacks,
secondary sales of stock in the public markets and other potential transactions, as well as various operational strategies available to
UCP. The UCP Board also reviewed and considered UCP’s share price and stockholder returns, both on an absolute basis and relative
to UCP’s peers in the homebuilding sector, and potential risks that UCP faced in executing its strategic plan. These potential risks
included UCP’s small market capitalization, lack of liquidity and trading volume, limited size and geographic footprint, including the
effects of its limited size on overhead and other fixed costs, potentially unfavorable business environments with respect to the U.S.
housing recovery and other factors.

In the spring of 2015, UCP received expressions of interest for a business combination transaction from two U.S. homebuilders,
Century Communities and another party we refer to as Party A. In connection with the receipt of these proposals, in April 2015, UCP
engaged Citi as UCP’s financial advisor. UCP’s Board engaged Citi as UCP’s financial advisor given Citi’s familiarity with UCP, as
well as Citi’s experience and reputation advising public companies in business combination transactions generally and specifically in
the homebuilding sector. In response to the expressions of interests by Century Communities and Party A, during the spring and
summer of 2015, UCP, with the assistance of Citi, solicited indications of interest from 12 potential counterparties to a business
combination (including Century Communities and Party A). The transaction candidates included a mix of potential strategic acquirors
and financial sponsors. Of those 12 parties, 10 executed confidentiality
 

-57-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 70/265

Table of Contents

agreements and received confidential information regarding UCP, four submitted preliminary indications of interest (which did not
include Party A), two completed due diligence, and only one, Century Communities, submitted a preliminary, non-binding proposal to
enter into a business combination with UCP. Century Communities’ 2015 proposal contemplated a mix of cash and stock at a fixed
exchange ratio, implying a total value of approximately $10.00 per share of UCP Class A Common Stock based on the parties’
respective stock prices at the time.

In connection with this process, UCP and Century Communities entered into customary confidentiality and standstill agreements
in February 2015 and March 2015, respectively, and UCP, Century Communities and PICO, UCP’s majority stockholder, entered into a
second standstill agreement in October 2015. All of the confidentiality and/or standstill agreements with the other parties contacted
during this period either have since expired or do not restrict the other party from making offers to acquire UCP after public
announcement of a definitive merger agreement.

Throughout the rest of the summer and into the fall of 2015, UCP and Century Communities continued to discuss a potential
business combination, including engaging in extensive due diligence with respect to each other’s businesses and preparation of draft
transaction agreements by their respective outside law firms. Due to changes in the financing environment in the fall of 2015,
fluctuations in the market price for each company’s respective stock and other factors, the parties were not, however, able to reach a
definitive agreement on value, pro forma equity ownership and other material terms. Discussions between UCP and Century
Communities regarding a potential business combination were terminated in October 2015. During this process, Century Communities
expressed general interest in retaining certain members of UCP management following consummation of the proposed transaction, but
no substantive discussions or negotiations with any members of UCP management regarding specific post-closing employment terms
occurred.

In March 2016, Century Communities and UCP re-initiated discussions regarding a potential all-stock business combination
transaction. In connection with these discussions, UCP, Century Communities and PICO entered into a second customary
confidentiality agreement. Negotiations between Century Communities and UCP continued for approximately one month, during
which time the parties again engaged in mutual due diligence reviews and preparation of draft transaction agreements by their
respective law firms. Again, however, these discussions were abandoned in early April 2016 without the parties reaching a definitive
agreement on value, pro forma equity ownership and other material terms for a business combination transaction. As of the termination
of these discussions, Century Communities’ all-stock proposal implied a total value of approximately $6.58 per share of UCP Class A
Common Stock. As in the 2015 process, Century Communities expressed general interest in retaining certain members of UCP
management following consummation of the proposed transaction, but no substantive discussions or negotiations with any members of
UCP management regarding specific post-closing employment terms occurred. UCP did not hold discussions with any other potential
counterparties during the period of these 2016 discussions with Century Communities.

Through the remainder of 2016, there were no further discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction between
UCP and Century Communities or any other party, although representatives of UCP spoke from time to time with representatives of
Century Communities and other homebuilders to discuss general market and industry conditions and similar issues affecting their
respective businesses. During this period, the UCP Board and management team resumed their focus on executing UCP’s standalone
business plan.

On January 25 and 26, 2017, the UCP Board held a regularly scheduled meeting. Among other business conducted at that
meeting, and in light of improvements in UCP’s operations and financial performance, the UCP Board and management initiated a
review of and discussed with UCP’s financial advisors potential strategic alternatives for UCP, including various risks and benefits of
continuing to execute UCP’s business plan as a standalone public company, issuing additional equity in secondary market transactions,
potential acquisition opportunities to expand UCP’s national footprint and build scale and potential business combination transactions.
During this meeting, the members of the UCP Board, together with representatives of UCP’s management and
 

-58-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 71/265

Table of Contents

Citi, discussed UCP’s 2015 and 2016 efforts to pursue a business combination transaction and whether any of the parties previously
contacted were likely to remain interested in discussing a potential business combination transaction with UCP. At the conclusion of
these discussions, the UCP Board directed management to contact representatives of likely potential counterparties to a business
combination transaction to gauge such parties’ respective interest in participating in such a process and to update the UCP Board at its
next regularly scheduled meeting to be held on February 28, 2017. The UCP Board gave this direction to assess the likelihood of
success of a new, comprehensive process before authorizing UCP to invest time and financial resources in a formal process.

Subsequent to the January 25 and 26 UCP Board meeting, Mr. Bogue spoke by phone with a representative of Party A, during
which they discussed a variety of matters meaningful to their respective companies, including general market and industry conditions
and homebuilder mergers and acquisitions activity. During this conversation, the representative of Party A informed Mr. Bogue that
Party A could be interested in discussing a potential business combination transaction with UCP at a future time, but that Party A
would not be able to pursue such a transaction with UCP in the near term.

On February 13, 2017, Dustin L. Bogue, UCP’s President and Chief Executive Officer, held a telephone conversation with Dale
Francescon, Century Communities’ Chairman and Co-Chief Executive Officer, and Robert Francescon, Century Communities’ Co-
Chief Executive Officer, during which they discussed a variety of matters important to their respective companies, including general
market and industry conditions and macroeconomic trends, including homebuilder mergers and acquisitions activity, proposed
legislation affecting the California homebuilding industry, and similar issues. During the course of this conversation, Mr. Francescon
asked if UCP and Century Communities should consider amending the February 2015 confidentiality agreement, which had expired in
accordance with its terms on February 9, 2016, to facilitate further continued discussions. At this time, UCP, Century Communities and
PICO remained bound until September 2017 by the March 2016 confidentiality agreement.

On February 18, 2017, UCP and Century Communities amended their February 2015 confidentiality agreement so that it would
remain in full force and effect from its original execution through June 1, 2017.

Messrs. Bogue and Francescon spoke again by phone on February 23, 2017. During their conversation, Mr. Francescon informed
Mr. Bogue that Century Communities would be interested in resuming discussions regarding a potential business combination
transaction in light of a number of similarities between the two companies, including with respect to geographic footprint, product
alignment and existing corporate cultures. They also discussed certain non-public financial information and internal forecasts of each
of their respective companies, although they did not discuss the potential financial or other terms for a potential transaction between
their companies or a timeframe for completing any such potential transaction. At the conclusion of this conversation, Messrs. Bogue
and Francescon relayed to each other that they would inform the boards of directors of their respective companies of this discussion
and obtain further directions.

The UCP Board met as scheduled on February 28, 2017. Among other business conducted at the meeting, Mr. Bogue reported on
his discussions with Mr. Francescon since the last UCP Board meeting, including Mr. Francescon’s indication on February 23, 2017,
that Century Communities remained interested in conducting further discussions with UCP regarding a potential business combination
transaction. Following further discussion, including discussion of the potential risks and merits of a business combination transaction,
the UCP Board directed Mr. Bogue to inform Mr. Francescon that the UCP Board would be willing to consider a preliminary proposal
for a business combination transaction from Century Communities, provided that any proposal would have to be higher than what had
previously been offered by Century Communities in either 2015 or 2016 to reflect the operational improvements that had been made by
UCP since then.

The following day, March 1, 2017, Mr. Bogue spoke with Mr. Francescon and relayed the UCP Board’s message.
 

-59-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 72/265

Table of Contents

On March 6, 2017, Century Communities delivered a written, non-binding preliminary proposal outlining a potential business
combination transaction between Century Communities and UCP. Among other things, Century Communities’ March 6 preliminary
proposal contemplated UCP’s stockholders receiving 0.244 of a share of Century Communities Common Stock plus $5.00 in cash per
share of UCP Class A Common Stock. As noted in Century Communities’ preliminary proposal, based on Century Communities’ and
UCP’s respective closing stock prices on the NYSE on March 6, the implied total value of the stock and cash consideration was
approximately $10.75 per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. Century Communities’ preliminary proposal further contemplated
(1) as a condition to consummation of the proposed transaction, the exchange of PICO’s interest in UCP, LLC for shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock, (2) that Century Communities had sufficient cash on hand and immediate borrowing capacity under its
existing credit facility to complete the transaction without a financing condition and (3) a period of three to four weeks to conduct
further due diligence on UCP.

Mr. Bogue promptly forwarded Century Communities’ March 6 preliminary proposal to the UCP Board and UCP’s advisors, and
the UCP Board scheduled a meeting for March 10, 2017, to discuss the preliminary proposal.

On March 10, 2017, the UCP Board, together with representatives of UCP’s management, Citi and Sidley Austin LLP (which we
refer to as “Sidley”), UCP’s regular outside counsel, in attendance, met to consider Century Communities’ March 6 proposal. During
the course of this meeting, the attendees first received a presentation from management reviewing the directors’ consideration of
strategic alternatives to date, including the proposed transactions with Century Communities in 2015 and 2016, the outreach and other
solicitation efforts undertaken in 2015 with respect to potential merger and acquisition transaction candidates other than Century
Communities, and other potential strategic and financial alternatives that UCP had considered but determined not to pursue. Citi
discussed with the UCP Board certain financial aspects of Century Communities’ March 6 proposal, including the fact that, due to
changes in the companies’ respective stock prices in the intervening days, Century Communities’ proposal represented an implied total
value of approximately $10.95 per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. The Sidley representatives discussed certain legal aspects of
the March 6 proposal, including the likely U.S. federal income tax treatment of the proposed merger consideration to UCP’s
stockholders, the fact that the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued as merger consideration based on
the proposed exchange ratio would require Century Communities to obtain stockholder approval under the NYSE listing rules and the
risk to deal certainty that a Century Communities stockholder approval condition could create for the proposed transaction. In
connection with these discussions, the UCP Board also discussed with UCP’s management and outside advisors the effects a new
transaction process or publicly announced definitive merger agreement could have on UCP’s ongoing efforts to refinance its
outstanding 8.5% Senior Notes due October 21, 2017 (which we refer to in this proxy/registration statement as the 2017 Notes).
Specifically, it was noted that any new, replacement facility entered into to refinance the 2017 Notes before their maturity would likely
include “make whole” or other early repayment provisions that could impose significant costs on consummating a business
combination shortly thereafter, potentially impeding UCP’s ability to reach a definitive merger agreement with any party or reducing
the merger consideration available to UCP’s stockholders pursuant to any such definitive merger agreement. It was further noted that if
UCP did not take steps to refinance the 2017 Notes sufficiently in advance of their maturity, then a failure to reach a definitive merger
agreement or the termination of a definitive merger agreement without closing the contemplated transaction could severely limit UCP’s
ability to refinance the 2017 Notes on commercially acceptable terms before their maturity. After further discussion, the UCP Board
determined that, while Century Communities’ March 6 preliminary proposal was inadequate from a financial standpoint and that
accepting it in its current form would not be in the best interests of UCP and its stockholders, it was sufficiently attractive to warrant
continued discussions and negotiations with Century Communities regarding a potential business combination transaction. In this
regard, the UCP Board directed UCP’s management and advisors to inform Century Communities that a transaction requiring the
approval of Century Communities’ stockholders was not acceptable to UCP. Given Century Communities’ proposed timeframe to
complete a due diligence review and overall desire to proceed expeditiously to a definitive agreement, UCP’s management and
advisors were also directed to request that any definitive agreement with Century Communities include a “go-shop” provision
permitting UCP to solicit
 

-60-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 73/265

Table of Contents

superior proposals after signing and publicly announcing a definitive agreement. During the meeting, the UCP Board also discussed
engaging, and ultimately engaged, Paul, Weiss as special legal counsel in connection with the proposed transaction. The UCP Board
determined to engage Paul, Weiss based on its experience, qualifications and reputation in advising public companies in transactions of
the kind contemplated by Century Communities’ March 6 preliminary proposal, and its familiarity with UCP following its
representation of the special committee of the UCP Board in connection with its consideration of various amendments to UCP’s
certificate of incorporation and bylaws proposed by PICO. (For more information regarding these proposed amendments, see the
Current Report on Form 8-K filed by UCP with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 30, 2017.)

Following the March 10 UCP Board meeting and in accordance with the UCP Board’s directions, representatives of UCP
management and Citi informed representatives of Century Communities and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (which we refer to in this
proxy statement/prospectus as J.P. Morgan), financial advisor to Century Communities, of the UCP Board’s determinations.

On March 13, 2017, in light of Century Communities’ general expression of interest in retaining certain members of UCP
management following the proposed transactions discussed in 2015 and 2016, Mr. Bogue called Mr. Dale Francescon preemptively to
inform him that neither Mr. Bogue nor any other officer or employee of UCP would be permitted to hold any discussions with
representatives of Century Communities about their personal, post-transaction employment until expressly authorized to do so by the
UCP Board. During this conversation, Mr. Francescon indicated to Mr. Bogue that a key potential risk to a transaction from Century
Communities’ perspective was a bill introduced and pending in the California legislature, Assembly Bill No. 199, that if enacted could
make homebuilding operations in California more costly, in turn materially undermining the value proposition to a business
combination with UCP in view of UCP’s significant presence in the California homebuilding market.

Also on March 13, representatives of Paul, Weiss and representatives of Greenberg Traurig, Century Communities’ outside legal
counsel, held a conference call to discuss various preliminary transaction process issues, including amending the March 2016
confidentiality agreement and March 2015 and October 2015 standstill agreements to extend their respective terms through March
2018. Also during this call, the representatives of Greenberg Traurig informed the representatives of Paul, Weiss that Century
Communities would not agree to a go-shop provision in the merger agreement. The Greenberg Traurig representatives stated that, in
view of the approximately four-week mutual due diligence process anticipated by Century Communities and the fact that Century
Communities had not, in connection with its business combination proposal, requested an exclusivity period for negotiating the terms
of a proposed transaction, UCP was unrestricted in its ability to conduct any pre-signing market check process it thought was
appropriate under the circumstances.

On March 14, 2017, amendments to the March 2016 confidentiality agreement and March 2015 and October 2015 standstill
agreements were entered into by UCP, Century Communities and PICO, as applicable, and on March 15, 2017, each of Century
Communities and UCP made their respective virtual data rooms available to each other’s representatives. The parties, through their
representatives, continued to perform mutual due diligence reviews on each other, including making from time to time supplemental
due diligence requests up to the execution and delivery of the definitive merger agreement on April 10, 2017.

On the morning of March 16, 2017, the UCP Board held a meeting, with representatives of UCP’s management, Citi and Paul,
Weiss in attendance, to discuss developments over the preceding days regarding discussions with Century Communities, including
Century Communities’ concern over pending Assembly Bill No. 199 and the fact that Century Communities would not agree to a go-
shop provision in the merger agreement. The representatives of Paul, Weiss provided a detailed overview of the UCP directors’
fiduciary duties and legal standards applicable to their decisions and actions with respect to their evaluation of the proposed business
combination transaction and answered questions regarding certain expected terms of the draft merger agreement based on Century
Communities’ March 6 preliminary proposal. These included UCP’s ability to respond to,
 

-61-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 74/265

Table of Contents

engage in discussions and become fully informed with respect to unsolicited proposals from third parties that constituted or were
reasonably expected to lead to a superior proposal following signing of a definitive merger agreement in the absence of a go-shop
provision and the steps the UCP Board could take before signing to seek to obtain the best offer reasonably available. At this meeting,
the UCP Board also established a special transaction committee of the UCP Board (which we refer to in this proxy
statement/prospectus as the transaction committee) empowered to oversee day-to-day developments regarding the transaction process
and comprised entirely of directors able to convene on short notice and dedicate significant time to this task, provided, that all members
of the UCP Board would be and ultimately were invited to attend all meetings of the transaction committee. The UCP Board appointed
Michael C. Cortney (Chairman of the UCP Board), Maxim C.W. Webb (a member of the UCP Board and PICO’s chief executive
officer) and Mr. Bogue to the transaction committee.

The UCP Board discussed a number of other transaction-related matters at its March 16 meeting, including, with input from
UCP’s management, Citi and Paul, Weiss, various options for conducting a pre-signing market check, related costs and benefits of each
option, such as the timing necessary for a more targeted or comprehensive process, the risk of losing the Century Communities
transaction option if a market check extended over a prolonged period, the possibility of employee attrition or loss of employee morale
if it were to become public that UCP was marketing itself, the theoretical likelihood of finding through such a process a potential
transaction candidate prepared to pay more in cash and/or stock value than Century Communities’ proposal taking into consideration
UCP’s 2015 process and 2016 discussions with Century Communities, and the effect that the failure of reaching a definitive agreement
in respect of a transaction could have on UCP’s ability to refinance the 2017 Notes by October 2017. Following discussion, the UCP
Board determined to continue substantive discussions with Century Communities and directed Citi to commence a targeted pre-signing
market check on behalf of UCP that included outreach to seven parties contacted by UCP during the 2015 process, plus an additional
nine parties not previously contacted. The UCP Board determined not to contact four of the parties involved in the 2015 process
because they either had solicited UCP employees in connection with that earlier process, and were deemed to pose a risk to UCP’s
workforce, or were no longer likely to have the financial ability to complete a transaction with UCP. The additional nine parties
included domestic and international potential counterparties that Citi had indicated had shown increased interest in acquisitions of U.S.
homebuilding companies generally in recent months. Century Communities, plus the 16 contacted parties, represented those strategic
acquirors and financial sponsors viewed as most likely to be interested in pursuing a transaction with UCP and to possess the financial
resources and familiarity with the U.S. homebuilding sector reasonably necessary to complete a transaction. Also at this meeting, the
UCP Board discussed with UCP’s management and advisors various options that might be available to UCP to refinance the 2017
Notes on a parallel track with the negotiations with Century Communities, including whether Century Communities would agree to a
bridge or backstop facility to refinance the 2017 Notes if a definitive merger agreement could not be reached, or were entered into but
subsequently terminated, and various other traditional and non-traditional financing sources that might be able to provide financing on
commercially acceptable terms without jeopardizing the possibility of reaching a definitive merger agreement.

Following the March 16 UCP Board meeting and as directed by the UCP Board, representatives of Citi relayed to J.P. Morgan the
UCP Board’s request that Century Communities consider providing a bridge or backstop facility to address the risks relating to the
maturity of the 2017 Notes and reiterated the UCP Board’s request following its March 10 meeting that Century Communities revise
the stock consideration component of its proposal to eliminate the need for Century Communities stockholder approval.

Later in the afternoon of March 16, Century Communities delivered a revised written, non-binding preliminary proposal. Century
Communities’ March 16 preliminary proposal reduced the exchange ratio for the stock consideration to 0.2309 of a share of Century
Communities Common Stock for each share of UCP Class A Common Stock, thereby reducing the number of shares Century
Communities would have to issue to a level sufficient to avoid seeking Century Communities stockholder approval, and increased the
cash consideration to $5.16 per share. Based on the companies’ respective closing stock prices on March 15, 2017, the last full trading
day before delivery of Century Communities’ March 16 preliminary proposal, the revised proposal represented
 

-62-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 75/265

Table of Contents

an implied total value of approximately $10.85 per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. In its March 16 preliminary proposal,
Century Communities also declined to participate in any bridge or backstop financing arrangements with UCP.

On March 17, 2017, at the direction of the transaction committee, representatives of Citi contacted representatives of J.P. Morgan
to inform them that, although Century Communities’ March 16 preliminary proposal provided greater transaction certainty to UCP by
removing the requirement to seek Century Communities stockholder approval and reflected an increase in Century Communities’
March 6 preliminary proposal as of the time it was made, Century Communities’ March 16 preliminary proposal did not give effect to
changes in the companies’ respective stock prices between March 6 and March 16 and that, as a result, the earlier March 6 preliminary
proposal provided greater value to UCP stockholders than did the March 16 preliminary proposal. Later in the day on March 17,
Century Communities sent a further revised written, non-binding preliminary proposal, which increased the cash portion of the
proposed consideration to $5.32 per share while maintaining the exchange ratio for the stock consideration at 0.2309 of a share of
Century Communities Common Stock per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. Based on the companies’ respective closing stock
prices on March 17, Century Communities’ March 17 preliminary proposal represented an implied total value of approximately $11.17
per share of UCP Class A Common Stock. Century Communities’ March 17 preliminary proposal was forwarded to the transaction
committee for its consideration and review.

Also on March 17, as directed by the UCP Board, Citi began to contact the 16 potential counterparties in addition to Century
Communities identified by the UCP Board at its March 16 meeting as the most likely parties to engage in a potential business
combination transaction with UCP. Over the following weeks, five of these parties (each of which was a potential strategic acquiror)
entered into confidentiality agreements with UCP and subsequently received access to UCP’s virtual data room. We refer to these five
parties in this proxy statement/prospectus as Party B, Party C, Party D, Party E and Party F. None of these confidentiality agreements
included standstill provisions prohibiting the parties from making potentially superior proposals following UCP’s public announcement
of a definitive merger agreement with another party.

On March 20, 2017, Greenberg Traurig sent a first draft of the merger agreement to Paul, Weiss. The draft merger agreement was
based in many respects on the last draft merger agreement exchanged between the parties in connection with their negotiations in
March/April 2016. Among other things, it contemplated a forward merger of UCP into a subsidiary of Century Communities, with the
subsidiary (as the successor to UCP) continuing as a wholly owned subsidiary of Century Communities and with each outstanding
share of UCP Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the consummation of the merger being converted into the right to receive
$5.32 in cash and 0.2309 of a share of Century Communities Common Stock, consistent with Century Communities’ March 17
preliminary proposal. In addition, the draft merger agreement contemplated the exchange of all of PICO’s interests in UCP, LLC into
shares of UCP Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the effective time of the merger pursuant to the terms of the existing
Exchange Agreement between UCP and PICO entered into in July 2013 in connection with UCP’s initial public offering, generally
reciprocal representations and warranties and interim operating covenants for the period between signing and closing, a customary non-
solicitation covenant with a fiduciary out enabling the UCP Board to hold discussions with third party suitors in response to, and to
terminate the merger agreement to accept, an unsolicited superior proposal, a termination fee payable by UCP to Century Communities
if UCP terminated the merger agreement in certain circumstances (including to accept a superior proposal) in an amount equal to
approximately 3.65% of the total equity value of the proposed transaction, and various customary closing conditions for a transaction
of the size of the proposed transaction and with respect to companies in UCP and Century Communities’ industry. The draft merger
agreement did not contain any financing conditions or requirement to obtain the approval of Century Communities’ stockholders.

Also on March 20, 2017, Greenberg Traurig sent a first draft of a voting support and transfer restriction agreement (which we
refer to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the voting agreement) to PICO’s outside counsel, Cooley LLP (which we refer to in this
proxy statement/prospectus as Cooley), and to Paul, Weiss. The
 

-63-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 76/265

Table of Contents

first draft of the voting agreement contemplated, among other things, that PICO vote all of its shares in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement and approval of the merger, refrain from taking various actions that could prevent or delay the consummation of the
merger, including restrictions on PICO’s ability to solicit alternative transactions generally consistent with the non-solicitation
covenants in the draft merger agreement applicable to UCP, and restrictions on PICO’s ability to transfer shares of Century
Communities Common Stock received as merger consideration for certain periods following the consummation of the merger. The
draft voting agreement also would terminate upon the termination of the merger agreement, including if UCP terminated the voting
agreement to accept a superior proposal. It did not, however, contemplate any termination of PICO’s obligation to vote all of its UCP
shares in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement following a change of recommendation by the UCP Board not accompanied by
a termination of the merger agreement.

On March 21, 2017, representatives of Cooley and Paul, Weiss held a conference call to discuss open issues in the draft voting
agreement of mutual concern to their respective clients.

Later in the evening of March 21, Mr. Bogue briefed the other members of the transaction committee by email regarding recent
developments with respect to the draft merger agreement, draft voting agreement and solicitation efforts to other potential
counterparties. Representatives of Paul, Weiss also circulated their proposed revisions to the draft merger agreement to the transaction
committee shortly thereafter.

On March 22, 2017, Paul, Weiss sent a revised draft of the merger agreement to Greenberg Traurig. Among other things, the
revised draft of the merger agreement noted that the pricing terms of the proposed transaction remained subject to the parties’
continuing negotiation, revised the scope of and exceptions to certain of the parties’ respective representations and warranties,
including to qualify certain representations and warranties by a material adverse effect standard, revised the definition of a material
adverse effect to exclude any change in law relating to the California homebuilding industry (including pending Assembly Bill
No. 199), revised the definitions of company takeover proposal and superior company proposal to broaden the circumstances in which
UCP would be permitted to engage in discussions regarding or accept potentially superior proposals, revised the definition of
intervening event, revised the definition of acceptable confidentiality agreement (applicable in connection with the exceptions to UCP’s
non-solicitation covenants in the merger agreement), modified certain contractual procedures whereby the UCP Board would be
permitted to change its recommendation of the merger agreement, reduced the termination fee to 3.25% of the proposed transaction’s
equity value, modified certain provisions of the merger agreement regarding the remedies of the parties under certain circumstances,
and narrowed the circumstances under which the termination fee would not be Century Communities’ sole and exclusive remedy
following a termination of the merger agreement.

Also on March 22, Greenberg Traurig sent a revised draft of the voting agreement to Cooley and Paul, Weiss. Cooley and Paul,
Weiss exchanged amongst themselves and their respective clients proposed edits to the voting agreement by email on March 22 and
March 23, 2017.

On March 24, 2017, Cooley sent a revised draft of the voting agreement to Greenberg Traurig and Paul, Weiss. The revised draft
of the voting agreement reflected input from Paul, Weiss. Among other things, it revised PICO’s non-solicitation covenant to permit
PICO to engage in discussions regarding potential superior proposals to the same extent and under the same circumstances applicable
to UCP in the merger agreement and provided that the voting agreement would terminate upon any change of recommendation by the
UCP Board, whether due to a superior proposal or the occurrence of an intervening event.

Later in the day on March 24, Greenberg Traurig circulated a revised draft of the merger agreement to Paul, Weiss and a revised
draft of the voting agreement to Cooley and Paul, Weiss. Among other things, the revised draft of the merger agreement reverted to the
March 20 draft of the merger agreement with respect to the pricing terms, definition of superior company proposal, 3.65% termination
fee and circumstances under which the termination fee would not be Century Communities’ sole and exclusive remedy following a
termination of the merger agreement. With respect to the voting agreement, Greenberg Traurig’s March 24 revised draft
 

-64-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 77/265

Table of Contents

contemplated that PICO’s obligation to vote all of its shares in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement would be reduced to an
obligation to vote 38% of UCP’s outstanding voting power if the UCP Board changed its recommendation of the merger agreement due
to the occurrence of an intervening event (that, by reason of a so-called “force-the-vote” covenant in the merger agreement solely in
respect of an intervening event, did not permit UCP to terminate the merger agreement).

On March 27 and 28, 2017, representatives of UCP traveled to Las Vegas, Nevada and toured most of Century Communities’ Las
Vegas properties as part of UCP’s due diligence review of Century Communities. The UCP representatives did not meet with any
management or personnel from Century Communities during these tours other than salespersons in model homes.

On March 27, 2017, Party D informed representatives of Citi that Party D was withdrawing from the process and would not
submit a preliminary proposal.

On March 28, 2017, in accordance with the UCP Board’s directions, Citi sent a process letter on behalf of UCP to the remaining
parties still engaged in the process (other than Century Communities), requesting that they submit written, non-binding indications of
interest by Friday, April 7, 2017. The process letter indicated that UCP expected to invite a limited group of parties to participate in a
second phase of the transaction process following review of the preliminary proposals received by April 7.

On March 29, 2017, Party B, which until that point was the party furthest along in its due diligence review of UCP (including
based on its participation in the 2015 process) other than Century Communities, informed representatives of Citi that it was
withdrawing from the process and would not submit a preliminary proposal. Also on March 29, Messrs. Bogue and Francescon had a
telephone call to discuss a number of issues relating to the proposed transaction, including the parties’ mutual due diligence reviews
and site tours. During that phone call, Mr. Francescon also inquired into the status of the draft merger agreement and informed
Mr. Bogue of Century Communities’ desire to proceed to final documentation as expeditiously as possible and that Century
Communities was prepared to abandon discussions if there were any delays in that regard, including if any such delays related to
UCP’s ongoing pre-signing market check process. Later that day, Paul, Weiss sent Greenberg Traurig an issues list of open items in the
latest drafts of the merger agreement and voting agreement, including pricing terms of the proposed transaction, the size of the
termination fee, certain exclusive remedies provisions of the merger agreement, certain conditions to Century Communities’ obligation
to close, certain language regarding the exceptions to UCP’s non-solicitation covenants and related definitional changes, the definition
of a superior company proposal, and the events causing a termination of the voting agreement, and scheduled a conference call for the
following day to discuss these issues further.

On March 30, 2017, representatives of UCP’s and Century Communities’ respective management teams met in person to tour
several of UCP’s California properties in Fresno and Monterey counties as part of Century Communities’ due diligence review of UCP.
During these property tours, the UCP and Century Communities management teams also discussed various other aspects of the
proposed transaction and mutual due diligence matters.

Also on March 30, as scheduled the day before, representatives of Paul, Weiss and Greenberg Traurig held a conference call to
discuss Paul, Weiss’s issues list. During that call, the representatives of Greenberg Traurig informed the representatives of Paul, Weiss
that the pricing terms in Century Communities’ March 17 preliminary proposal reflected its best and final offer, however Century
Communities would accept a termination fee of 3.5% of the transaction’s total equity value and that it would compromise with respect
to certain of Paul, Weiss’s proposed changes to the definition of a superior company proposal. In addition, the representatives of Paul,
Weiss informed the representatives of Greenberg Traurig that UCP would not accept any conditionality to a definitive agreement based
on any future enactment of Assembly Bill No. 199, and that Century Communities would have to determine prior to entering into a
definitive agreement whether to accept the risk of changes in applicable laws. With respect to the draft voting agreement, the
representatives of Greenberg Traurig stated that
 

-65-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 78/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities would not agree to permit the voting agreement to terminate upon a change of recommendation of the UCP
Board solely in respect of an intervening event and that reducing PICO’s voting commitment to 38% of UCP’s outstanding voting
power was appropriate under the circumstances. Following this conference call, Paul, Weiss sent a revised draft of the merger
agreement to Greenberg Traurig, reflecting the resolution of the open items in that agreement.

Later in the day on March 30, representatives of Cooley and Paul, Weiss discussed the open items in the voting agreement.
During that discussion, the representative of Cooley informed Paul, Weiss that there were a handful of additional open items of concern
to PICO, including that PICO was not prepared to agree to vote more than 28% of UCP’s outstanding voting power in favor of a
merger agreement that the UCP Board no longer recommended by reason of the occurrence of an intervening event that did not permit
UCP to terminate the merger agreement. In addition, PICO proposed additional post-closing covenants between PICO and Century
Communities primarily relating to certain tax matters in respect of PICO’s interests in UCP, LLC prior to consummation of the merger.

On March 31, 2017, Cooley sent a revised draft of the voting agreement to Greenberg Traurig and Paul, Weiss, which reflected a
reduction in PICO’s obligation to vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement following a change of recommendation by the
UCP Board in the case of an intervening event to 28% of UCP’s outstanding voting power as well as the proposed post-closing
covenants between PICO and Century Communities.

On April 2, 2017, Paul, Weiss sent a first draft of UCP’s confidential disclosure schedules to Greenberg Traurig.

The following day, April 3, 2017, Greenberg Traurig sent Paul, Weiss a first draft of Century Communities’ confidential
disclosure schedules and sent Cooley and Paul, Weiss revised drafts of the merger agreement and voting agreement. The revisions to
the draft merger agreement did not reflect any open material deal terms between the parties, and the revised draft of the voting
agreement reflected the status of ongoing discussions between PICO and Century Communities regarding their post-closing covenants
and increased PICO’s obligation to vote in favor of the merger agreement following a change of recommendation in respect of an
intervening event to 30% of UCP’s outstanding voting power.

On April 4, 2017, representatives of Cooley and Greenberg Traurig held a conference call to discuss open issues in the draft
voting agreement. Cooley sent a revised draft of the voting agreement to Greenberg Traurig and Paul, Weiss later that day, which
continued to reflect open issues between PICO and Century Communities with respect to the post-closing covenants.

On April 5, 2017, representatives of Paul, Weiss and Greenberg Traurig held a conference call to discuss open issues in the
parties’ draft confidential disclosure schedules relating to, among other things, the circumstances in which Century Communities
would be permitted to incur new indebtedness between signing and closing and limitations on UCP’s ability to pay retention awards to
employees between signing and closing as contemplated by the merger agreement. Later in the day, Paul, Weiss sent Greenberg Traurig
a revised draft of Century Communities’ confidential disclosure schedules, and Greenberg Traurig sent Paul, Weiss a revised draft of
UCP’s confidential disclosure schedules, in each case reflecting the parties’ discussions from earlier that day. Paul, Weiss also sent a
revised draft of the merger agreement to Cooley and Greenberg Traurig.

On the afternoon of April 6, 2017, Party E submitted a preliminary proposal for a business combination transaction with UCP.
Party E’s preliminary proposal contemplated an all-stock transaction in the range of approximately $9.50 to $9.75 per share of UCP
Class A Common Stock. Based on the closing price of Century Communities’ Common Stock on April 5, 2017, the last full trading day
before Party E submitted its preliminary proposal, the cash and stock consideration contemplated by Century Communities’ March 17
preliminary proposal represented an implied total value of approximately $11.21 per share of UCP Class A Common Stock.
 

-66-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 79/265

Table of Contents

The transaction committee held a meeting promptly following UCP’s receipt of Party E’s preliminary proposal, which meeting
was attended by two additional members of the UCP Board and representatives of UCP’s management, Citi and Paul, Weiss. During
this meeting, management provided an update on the status of the parties’ mutual due diligence reviews, noting among other things that
during the recent site visits representatives of Century Communities management had indicated that they desired to retain key members
of UCP’s management team following the consummation of the proposed merger and that UCP management had reminded the Century
Communities representatives that they were not authorized to discuss personal, post-closing employment matters. In addition,
management presented the transaction committee with five-year UCP projections that management proposed providing to Citi for its
use and reliance in connection with Citi’s financial analyses and opinion. The members of management noted that, while UCP
traditionally prepares only three-year projections, five-year projections were prepared for purposes of enabling Citi to perform a
discounted cash flow analysis of UCP, that the proposed five-year projections were based on UCP’s board-approved three-year
business plan, and that management had extrapolated two additional years of projections under a base case scenario and a constrained
capital scenario along with the assumptions underlying the two scenarios. After discussion, the transaction committee approved
management’s proposed five-year projections for Citi’s use and reliance in connection with its financial analyses and opinion. Also
during this meeting, Citi reviewed with the transaction committee certain preliminary financial aspects of Century Communities’ and
Party E’s respective proposals and updated the transaction committee as to the solicitation of additional potential counterparties to date,
and the representatives of Paul, Weiss reviewed the terms of the latest drafts of the various transaction documents between Century
Communities and UCP as well as the UCP directors’ fiduciary duties in connection with the proposed transaction. Additionally, the
transaction committee discussed with UCP’s management and advisors the status of efforts to refinance the 2017 Notes, including
options for obtaining bridge or backstop financing ensuring UCP’s ability to refinance the 2017 Notes at their maturity in October 2017
on commercially acceptable terms if a business combination transaction had not closed before that time.

Later in the day on April 6, Greenberg Traurig sent Paul, Weiss revised drafts of the merger agreement and Century
Communities’ confidential disclosure schedules.

Messrs. Bogue and Francescon also spoke by phone on the evening of April 6. During their conversation, Mr. Francescon stated
that he expected the parties to be in a position to sign a definitive merger agreement by the evening of the following Monday, April 10,
2017, and to be able to announce the transaction before the trading market opened on April 11, 2017. He also informed Mr. Bogue that
Century Communities had concluded that, as a result of anticipated changes to the proposed legislation, the potential negative effects of
any future enactment of pending Assembly Bill No. 199 were unlikely to undermine Century Communities’ rationale for a business
combination transaction with UCP and that the possible future enactment of Assembly Bill No. 199 would not be a gating item to
signing a definitive merger agreement.

On the morning of April 7, 2017, Party F submitted a preliminary proposal for a business combination transaction with UCP.
Party F’s preliminary proposal contemplated an all-cash transaction in the range of $14.29 to $16.67 per share of UCP Class A
Common Stock, however it also stated among other things that Party F had not yet retained legal or financial advisors and that Party F
required two to three months to complete due diligence.

Later in the day on April 7, the transaction committee held a meeting, which was attended by one additional UCP director and
representatives of UCP’s management, Citi and Paul, Weiss. During the meeting, Mr. Bogue updated the transaction committee on the
status of discussions with Century Communities, including that Century Communities’ representatives were beginning to express a loss
of patience with the pace of the transaction process and, in Mr. Bogue’s view, did not appear amenable to continuing negotiations past
Monday, April 10. Citi then reviewed with the transaction committee the financial terms of Party F’s preliminary proposal. The
representatives of Citi also informed the transaction committee that Party F had executed its confidentiality agreement with UCP only a
few days prior on April 4, that Party F appeared to have conducted minimal due diligence of non-public UCP documents provided to
Party F through UCP’s virtual data room and that they
 

-67-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 80/265

Table of Contents

believed that Party F may have had limited experience with mergers and acquisitions transactions in the United States. The transaction
committee, together with UCP’s management and outside financial and legal advisors, then discussed a number of alternative paths to
pursue in respect of Party F’s proposal and the various costs and benefits of those alternatives, including in particular the prolonged
timeframe Party F had requested to complete its due diligence, the risk of losing the opportunity to enter into a definitive agreement
with Century Communities if UCP continued to pursue negotiations with Party F, and the circumstances in which UCP would be
permitted to engage in discussions with Party F after entering into a definitive agreement with Century Communities, as well as the
potential effect that entering into and publicly announcing a definitive agreement with Century Communities could have on Party F’s
willingness to make a post-signing, superior proposal in a price range as high as its preliminary proposal. After discussion, the
transaction committee directed Citi to inform J.P. Morgan that UCP had received a higher but conditional proposal from another party
and request that Century Communities increase its proposed price and significantly reduce the amount of the termination fee payable if
UCP terminated the merger agreement to accept a superior proposal from any party contacted before signing a definitive merger
agreement with Century Communities. Additionally, in light of the conditional nature of Party F’s proposal and the risks in pursuing
further negotiations with Party F at that time, the transaction committee also directed Citi to speak with representatives of Party F
regarding the expected provisions of a definitive merger agreement with respect to the ability of third parties to make unsolicited
proposals following execution of such agreement. Representatives of Citi subsequently spoke with representatives of each of J.P.
Morgan and Party F as directed by the transaction committee. Since these discussions with Party F, which occurred prior to the
execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement on April 10, 2017, UCP and its representatives have neither received nor had any
further communication with Party F with respect to a potential transaction involving UCP.

Later in the day on April 7, Party C informed representatives of Citi that it was withdrawing from the process and would not
submit a preliminary proposal.

Representatives of Paul, Weiss and Greenberg Traurig also spoke several times on April 7 to resolve the open issues in the
parties’ respective confidential disclosure schedules regarding the UCP employee retention plan and Century Communities’ ability to
incur indebtedness between signing and closing. Following these discussions, on April 7 and April 8, 2017, Paul, Weiss and Greenberg
Traurig sent one another revised drafts of the merger agreement, UCP confidential disclosure schedules and Century Communities
confidential disclosures reflecting the resolution of these issues. Greenberg Traurig also sent several revisions to the draft voting
agreement to Cooley and Paul, Weiss resolving the open issue regarding PICO’s and Century Communities’ post-closing covenants
with respect to certain tax matters and agreeing to PICO’s reduced (28%) voting obligation if the UCP Board changed its
recommendation of the merger agreement due to the occurrence of an intervening event that did not permit UCP to terminate the
merger agreement.

Also later in the day on April 7, 2017, Mr. Francescon called Mr. Bogue to discuss the status of negotiations and due diligence
reviews of Century Communities and UCP. During this phone call, Mr. Francescon requested that UCP not enter into any bridge or
backstop financing facility with respect to the 2017 Notes before closing or the earlier termination of a definitive merger agreement in
order to avoid incurring the significant costs that such a facility would impose on UCP and given the limited bases on which Century
Communities would not be required to close the proposed merger after entering into a definitive agreement. In addition, he informed
Mr. Bogue that Century Communities would insist, as a condition to signing a definitive merger agreement that certain members of the
UCP management team whom Century Communities desired to retain post-closing agree to amendments of their existing employment
agreements with UCP. The purposes of the requested amendments were to align the employees’ compensation and incentives with
Century Communities’ business practices and to reduce the amount of severance and/or accelerated vesting of equity awards
potentially payable to the executives immediately following the closing of the transaction. Messrs. Francescon and Bogue spoke
several more times throughout the day as well as on April 8 and 9 in respect of these issues.

On the morning of April 8, 2017, J.P. Morgan informed Citi that, despite the receipt by UCP of a preliminary proposal from
another party, Century Communities would not agree to increase the proposed merger
 

-68-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 81/265

Table of Contents

consideration or agree to a significantly reduced, party-specific termination fee; however, Century Communities indicated that it would
agree to reduce the termination fee overall to 3.375% of the total equity value of the proposed transaction.

Beginning on April 8 and continuing through the afternoon of April 10, representatives of Paul, Weiss had a number of
discussions with Century Communities’ outside employment and benefits counsel, Fox Rothschild LLP (which we refer to in this
proxy statement/prospectus as Fox Rothschild), regarding the amendments to the UCP employment agreements proposed by Century
Communities. Paul, Weiss and Fox Rothschild also sent each other a number of drafts of the amendments during this period.

Also on April 8, Greenberg Traurig sent Cooley and Paul, Weiss a first draft of a joint press release announcing the proposed
transaction, assuming the parties would be able to reach a definitive agreement. The parties continued to circulate revised drafts of the
joint press release up until the evening of April 10. Paul, Weiss also sent Greenberg Traurig and Cooley revisions to the draft merger
agreement, none of which reflected material changes to the terms of the proposed transaction.

Throughout the day on April 9, 2017, and into the morning of April 10, 2017, Mr. Bogue, the other members of the transaction
committee and representatives of Paul, Weiss had several discussions regarding Century Communities’ request that UCP not agree to
any bridge or backstop financing in respect of the 2017 Notes, as a result of which the transaction committee members determined,
with input from UCP’s management and Paul, Weiss, that UCP could bear this risk so long as (1) UCP retained flexibility to negotiate,
enter into and incur certain fees under (but not draw on) replacement credit facilities between signing and closing, (2) if closing had not
occurred by a date sufficiently in advance of the maturity of the 2017 Notes to afford UCP time to arrange alternative financing, UCP
could terminate the merger agreement to refinance the 2017 Notes free from the restrictions on incurring new indebtedness under the
merger agreement and (3) the deadline under the merger agreement for filing the Form S-4 registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part were accelerated to permit the timely closing of the proposed merger before the accelerated outside
date prior to the maturity of the 2017 Notes just mentioned. Informed by these determinations, Mr. Bogue and the representatives of
Paul, Weiss communicated with Mr. Francescon and the representatives of Greenberg Traurig, respectively, several times throughout
the day on April 9 and into the morning of April 10, 2017, resulting in additional exceptions to UCP’s ability to incur indebtedness
under the merger agreement being included in UCP’s confidential disclosure schedules and revisions to the draft merger agreement so
that the outside date would be October 15, 2017 and the deadline to file the Form S-4 registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part would be 21 days after the date of the merger agreement. Paul, Weiss and Greenberg Traurig also
sent each other several revised drafts of UCP’s confidential disclosure schedules and the merger agreement reflecting the ongoing
discussions and ultimate resolution of these issues throughout the day on April 9 and into the morning of April 10, 2017.

In the early afternoon of April 10, 2017, Greenberg Traurig, Cooley and Paul, Weiss circulated final versions of the merger
agreement, voting agreement, UCP confidential disclosure schedules and Century Communities confidential disclosure schedules, and
Fox Rothschild and Paul, Weiss circulated final versions of the employment agreement amendments.

The UCP Board and transaction committee held a joint meeting after market close on April 10, 2017, along with representatives
of UCP’s management, Citi and Paul, Weiss. Mr. Bogue first reported on the outcome of the weekend’s negotiations and Century
Communities’ agreement to reduce the termination fee to 3.375%, to permit UCP certain flexibility to negotiate and enter into but not
draw on backstop credit facilities between signing and closing, to accelerate the outside date and deadline for filing the registration
statement, and to the final forms of the employment agreement amendments. The members of management in attendance, including
Mr. Bogue, then left the meeting to permit the other UCP directors to discuss the employment agreement amendments in executive
session with the representatives of Paul, Weiss. During the executive session, the other UCP directors determined that the amendments
to the employment agreements generally resulted in reductions to the benefits
 

-69-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 82/265

Table of Contents

the employees otherwise would have been entitled to receive following the consummation of a business combination transaction and
understood the employees were willing to agree to the amendments as an accommodation to UCP and its stockholders to facilitate
reaching a definitive agreement with Century Communities. After the executive session, the representatives of Paul, Weiss again
discussed with the UCP Board their fiduciary duties in evaluating the proposed transaction and the final terms of the proposed merger
agreement, voting agreement and other ancillary transaction documents. Also at this meeting, Citi reviewed with the UCP Board Citi’s
financial analysis of the Merger Consideration and rendered an oral opinion, confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated April 10,
2017, to the UCP Board to the effect that, as of such date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken described in such opinion, the Merger Consideration to
be received by holders of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates) pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders. After further discussion, including consideration of the factors described in the section
entitled “—UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors” beginning on page 70 of this proxy
statement/prospectus, the transaction committee unanimously recommended that the UCP Board approve the proposed merger
agreement and, thereafter, the UCP Board unanimously determined that the proposed merger agreement, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of UCP and its stockholders and unanimously
approved and declared advisable the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
The UCP Board also directed the officers of UCP to execute and deliver to Century Communities and thereafter cause UCP to perform
the Merger Agreement, resolved that the Merger Agreement be submitted to the UCP stockholders for their approval and recommended
that the UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement. The UCP Board also approved each of the employment
agreement amendments and authorized the officers of UCP to execute and deliver them on behalf of UCP.

Later on April 10, Mr. Bogue executed and delivered the Merger Agreement and Voting Agreement on behalf of UCP,
Mr. Francescon executed and delivered the Merger Agreement and Voting Agreement on behalf of Century Communities and
Mr. Webb executed and delivered the Voting Agreement on behalf of PICO.

Prior to the opening of the U.S. financial markets on April 11, 2017, UCP and Century Communities issued a joint press release
announcing the execution of the Merger Agreement and the proposed Merger.

UCP’s Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of the UCP Board of Directors

In evaluating the Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the UCP Board consulted with UCP
senior management and UCP’s outside legal and financial advisors and, in the course of reaching its determination to approve the
Merger Agreement and to recommend that UCP stockholders vote FOR the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, the UCP Board
considered a wide and complex range of factors, including the following that weighed positively in favor of the its decision, among
others and not necessarily in order of relative importance:

Merger Consideration
 

 

•  Compelling Value. The certainty of value and liquidity for UCP’s stockholders represented by the Merger Consideration
compared to the long-term and recent historical trading prices of UCP Class A Common Stock and the performance of the
homebuilding sector generally, including that, based on the cash consideration of $5.32 per share and the $6.05 implied
value of the stock consideration, calculated using the 0.2309 exchange ratio and Century Communities’ closing stock price
on April 7, 2017 (the last trading day prior to the date of Merger Agreement) of $26.20 per share, the implied total per share
Merger Consideration of $11.37 represented an approximate (i) 22% premium to UCP’s April 7, 2017 closing stock price,
(ii) 16% premium to UCP’s 15-day volume-weighted average stock price of $9.79 per share as of April 7, 2017 and
(iii) 12% premium to UCP’s 30-day volume-weighted average stock price of $10.13 per share as of April 7, 2017.

 
-70-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 83/265

Table of Contents

 

•  Ability to Share in Future Value of Century Communities. The fact that, as of Century Communities’ closing stock price on
April 7, 2017, approximately 53% of the aggregate Merger Consideration consisted of shares of Century Communities
Common Stock, which the UCP Board believed are reasonably likely to increase in value based on the UCP Board’s
consideration of the results of UCP’s due diligence review of Century Communities and the reputation, business practices
and experience of Century Communities and its management. The stock component of the Merger Consideration will allow
UCP stockholders to participate in any potential increase in the equity value of the combined company following the closing
of the Merger, including as a result of possible revenue growth and realization of synergies expected to result from the
Merger.

 

 

•  Fixed Exchange Ratio. The fact that the exchange ratio in respect of the stock portion of the Merger Consideration is fixed
and will not fluctuate based upon changes in the market prices of either UCP Class A Common Stock or Century
Communities Common Stock between the date of the Merger Agreement and the consummation of the Merger, providing
UCP stockholders the opportunity to benefit from any potential increase in the trading price of Century Communities
Common Stock pending the completion of the Merger. The fixed exchange ratio provides UCP stockholders with a certainty
of pro forma ownership in the combined company.

 

 
•  Potential Tax Benefits of Stock Portion of Merger Consideration. Because the Merger is expected to qualify as a partially

tax-deferred transaction, a UCP stockholder will be required to recognize gain only to the extent of the cash portion of the
Merger Consideration received by such stockholder.

 

 

•  Significant Portion of Merger Consideration in Cash. The fact that a large portion of the Merger Consideration will be paid
in cash, giving UCP stockholders the opportunity to immediately realize certain value for a significant portion of their
investment, and the fact that UCP stockholders would be able to reinvest the cash consideration received in the Merger in
Century Communities Common Stock if they desired to do so.

 

 

•  Support from PICO. The fact that PICO, UCP’s majority stockholder, agreed to share any control premium that may be
attributed to its majority position and accept the same consideration per share in the Merger as will be received by all other
UCP stockholders, which the UCP Board believed demonstrated PICO’s view that the Merger Consideration provided the
best value reasonably attainable for the outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

 

 

•  No Majority Stockholder. The fact that, based on UCP’s and Century Communities’ respective stockholder bases as of the
date of the Merger Agreement, it is expected that former UCP stockholders will receive shares in a combined company that
does not have a majority stockholder or control group and whose publicly listed shares trade and will continue to trade in a
more liquid, changing and changeable market with a larger float than is currently the case with respect to UCP’s shares.

 

 

•  Best Available Offer. The fact that the UCP Board’s negotiations with Century Communities resulted in increased closing
certainty and an increase to the Merger Consideration initially proposed by Century Communities, as well as the UCP
Board’s ultimate belief, based on Century Communities’ positions during such negotiations, that the final Merger
Consideration provided by the Merger Agreement represented the maximum amount Century Communities would be willing
to pay and, although Party F submitted a nominally higher preliminary proposal, the best price and overall deal terms that
were reasonably attainable by UCP under the circumstances and likely to be consummated in a timely fashion.

Strategic Considerations
 

 

•  Financial and Business Position. UCP’s historical, current and projected business, operations, financial condition, prospects,
strategy, and competitive position in the homebuilding industry generally. Specifically, the UCP Board considered certain
financial forecasts prepared by UCP management and management’s assessments regarding the achievability of UCP’s long-
term strategic plan as a

 
-71-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 84/265

Table of Contents

 standalone company as compared to the opportunity available to UCP stockholders to receive the Merger Consideration.
 

 

•  Standalone Operational Risks. The advantages of entering into the Merger Agreement and consummating the Merger in
comparison to the risks associated with remaining independent as a standalone company and pursuing UCP’s strategic plan,
including (i) the fact that UCP’s business is cyclical and significantly affected by changes in general and local economic
conditions and any slowing or reversal of the present ongoing housing recovery may materially and adversely affect UCP’s
business and results of operations, (ii) potential future competition, including from larger and better funded companies that
might have competitive advantages from their broader commercial scope and economies of scale, (iii) the risks inherent in
the homebuilding sector for UCP, (iv) the challenges and risks associated with growing UCP organically or through strategic
acquisitions, (v) UCP’s particular geographic concentrations and current lack of scale, (vi) the impending maturity of UCP’s
outstanding 8.5% Senior Notes due 2017, the need to refinance those notes if UCP were to remain independent as a
standalone company, and the risks to UCP’s business if those notes could not be refinanced on commercially acceptable
terms prior to maturity, (vii) the risk that California might enact Assembly Bill No. 199 and the effects on UCP’s business
and operations in California that Assembly Bill No. 199 might have if enacted and (viii) the various additional risk factors
pertaining to UCP that are listed in Item 1A of Part I of its most recent Annual Report filed on Form 10-K.

 

 

•  Potential Strategic Alternatives. The facts that the UCP Board determined to pursue a business combination transaction and
to engage in discussions on a non-exclusive basis with Century Communities after a thorough review of other potential
strategic alternatives reasonably available to UCP, including pursuing its standalone business plan, acquiring other
businesses, continuing to undertake its stock repurchase program, selling additional equity in secondary offerings and
seeking other potential acquirers and business combination partners, and that the UCP Board determined that the Merger is
superior to those other potential strategic alternatives. While UCP’s most recent strategic review process commenced in
January 2017, the UCP Board was further informed by its prior strategic reviews in connection with UCP’s 2015 sale
process and discussions with Century Communities in 2016 regarding a potential business combination, which did not result
in a transaction.

 

 
•  Opportunities Available to Combined Company. The Merger is expected to provide a number of significant strategic

opportunities that UCP and Century Communities would not have as standalone companies, including the following:
 

 

— The combined company is expected to benefit from increased scale and scope and greater geographic diversity, giving
it the ability to leverage complementary strategies and business units, assets and properties across a broader platform,
to be a stronger competitor in its industry and markets, and to better withstand national and regional financial market
and housing sector volatility and other risks in the future;

 

 
— The combined company is expected to have a better earnings trajectory, and the Merger is expected to be accretive to

Century Communities’ earnings per share;
 

 — The combined company is expected to have improved access to and cost of financing in the capital markets; and
 

 
— The combined company will be a financially stronger company than either UCP or Century Communities standing

alone before the Merger and is expected to benefit from a more diverse revenue base and increased net after-tax free
operating cash flows following the Merger.

Negotiations with Century Communities and Other Potential Acquirers
 

 
•  Arms-Length Negotiations with Century Communities. The course of arms-length negotiations between UCP and Century

Communities, which, as of Century Communities’ closing stock price on April 7,
 

-72-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 85/265

Table of Contents

 

2017, eventually resulted in an overall increase of $0.62 from the implied $10.75 Merger Consideration per share of UCP
Class A Common Stock initially proposed by Century Communities. The UCP Board believed based on these negotiations
that the Merger Consideration represented the highest price per share that Century Communities was willing to pay and that
the terms of the Merger Agreement were the most favorable terms to UCP to which Century Communities was willing to
agree.

 

 

•  Active Competitive Process. The facts that UCP actively sought proposals from numerous other strategic and financial
parties that it believed were logical potential acquirers (17 in total, including Century Communities), none of which
ultimately submitted a proposal to acquire UCP on terms more advantageous to UCP and its stockholders than those agreed
to with Century Communities or, in the case of the proposal received from Party F, that the UCP Board determined was
likely to be consummated at the proposed price range or in a timely fashion, and that UCP did not agree to negotiate
exclusively with any potential acquirer (including Century Communities) in the period preceding the UCP Board’s approval
of the Merger Agreement, and the UCP Board’s belief that, based on negotiations and discussions with these other strategic
and financial parties, the Merger Consideration represented the highest price per share reasonably available as of the date of
the Merger Agreement any prospective counterparty was likely to pay to acquire UCP. The UCP Board also considered the
foregoing facts, all of which relate entirely to the 2017 sale process, in the context of the prior strategic reviews in
connection with UCP’s 2015 sale process and discussions with Century Communities in 2016 regarding a potential business
combination, which did not result in a transaction.

Likelihood of Completion
 

 

•  Likelihood of Completion. The likelihood that the Merger will be consummated, based on, among other things, the
likelihood of receiving UCP stockholder approval necessary to complete the transaction in a timely manner, the limited
number of conditions to the Merger, including that there are no governmental approvals or approvals by Century
Communities’ stockholders of the Merger that are conditions to the closing of the Merger, and the remedies available to
UCP under the Merger Agreement in the event of various breaches of the Merger Agreement by Century Communities or
Merger Sub, as well as Century Communities’ perceived ability to finance the Merger within the timeframe contemplated by
the Merger Agreement.

 

 

•  PICO Voting Agreement. The fact that PICO agreed in the voting agreement (i) to vote its shares of UCP Common Stock in
favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, and that such voting obligation is co-terminous with any termination of the
Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (ii) to vote for the adoption of the Merger Agreement such number of its
shares of UCP capital stock equal to 28% of the total outstanding voting power of UCP if the UCP Board changes its
recommendation of the Merger Agreement due to the occurrence of an intervening event, (iii) to terminate various
preexisting agreements between PICO and UCP and/or UCP, LLC that Century Communities demanded be terminated as
conditions to its willingness to consummate the Merger, (iv) to exchange its existing Series A Units in UCP, LLC for shares
of UCP Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, which Century Communities also
demanded as a condition to its willingness to consummate the Merger, and (v) to certain restrictions on its ability to sell or
transfer the shares of Century Common Stock it receives in the Merger to help Century Communities mitigate any potential
impact on the market price of Century Communities Common Stock resulting from a sale or transfer by PICO immediately
after the closing of the Merger.

Opinion of UCP’s Financial Advisor
 

 
•  Opinion of Citi. The opinion of Citi, dated April 10, 2017, to the UCP Board as to the fairness, from a financial point of

view and as of the date of the opinion, of the Merger Consideration to be received by holders of UCP Class A Common
Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates) pursuant to the Merger

 
-73-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 86/265

Table of Contents

 
Agreement, which opinion was based on and subject to various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered
and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken as more fully described in the section entitled “—Opinion of
UCP’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 77 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Terms of the Merger Agreement and Certain Other Agreements
 

 •  The terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including:
 

 
— the UCP Board’s ability under certain circumstances to change its recommendation in favor of the adoption of the

Merger Agreement;
 

 
— UCP’s ability to respond and become fully informed with respect to unsolicited acquisition or business combination

proposals from third parties and to provide such third parties with confidential information;
 

 

— the UCP Board’s right, after complying with the terms of the Merger Agreement (including Century Communities’
matching rights), to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a
superior proposal (including potentially an unsolicited superior proposal from Party F, were it to make one) upon
payment of a $7,050,000 termination fee to Century Communities, which amount the UCP Board was advised was
within the customary range of termination fees payable in similar transactions, was payable under customary and
appropriate circumstances and should not preclude any third party with the financial capability and bona fide interest
of acquiring or combining with UCP from submitting, publicly announcing, or pursuing a potential superior proposal;

 

 
— UCP’s ability to seek specific performance to prevent breaches of the Merger Agreement by Century Communities

and to enforce specifically the terms of the Merger Agreement; and
 

 

— that the Merger Agreement contains terms that, taken as a whole, the UCP Board believed (i) provided a significant
degree of certainty that the Merger will be completed as quickly as possible, (ii) while restricting UCP from taking
certain actions during the pendency of the Merger, would not unduly interfere with UCP’s ability to operate its
business in the ordinary course, and (iii) were of a customary nature for mergers involving companies of UCP’s size
and operating in UCP’s industry and geographic regions.

 

 

•  The fact that all of the confidentiality and standstill agreements entered into by UCP with third parties in connection with
UCP’s market check process conducted prior to the signing and announcement of the Merger Agreement have either expired
or expressly permit such third parties to submit an unsolicited proposal to acquire or enter into a business combination with
UCP from and after the public announcement of the Merger Agreement.

Stockholder Approval and Availability of Appraisal Rights
 

 

•  Stockholder Vote. The fact that the adoption of the Merger Agreement will be subject to approval by the holders of a
majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of UCP Common Stock and that, although PICO agreed to vote its
shares in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement, its voting agreement would terminate automatically upon any
termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms or require it to vote 28% of UCP’s outstanding voting
power in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement upon a change of the UCP Board’s recommendation in favor of the
Merger Agreement due to the occurrence of an intervening event which does not permit the UCP Board to terminate the
Merger Agreement.

 

 
•  Absence of Fees or Penalty upon Unsuccessful Vote. The fact that, except for the termination fee, there would not be any fee

or expense reimbursement payable to Century Communities or penalty as a result of an unsuccessful vote by UCP
stockholders to adopt the Merger Agreement.

 
-74-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 87/265

Table of Contents

 

•  Availability of Appraisal Rights. The fact that appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL are available to holders of
UCP Common Stock that comply with the required procedures under the DGCL, which allows such holders to seek
appraisal of the fair value of their UCP shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery in lieu of accepting the
Merger Consideration.

The UCP Board also considered a number of potential risks and uncertainties in its deliberations concerning the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including, but not limited to, the following (not necessarily in order of
relative importance):
 

 
•  the potential effect of the public announcement of the Merger Agreement, including effects on UCP’s revenues, customers,

operating results and share price and UCP’s ability to attract and retain key management and personnel;
 

 

•  the risks and costs to UCP if the Merger is not completed, including the potential diversion of management and employee
attention, potential employee attrition, the potential effects on business and customer and supplier relationships, diversion of
resources from other strategic opportunities, possibility that the trading price of UCP Class A Common Stock could be
adversely affected, and possibility that the market’s perception of UCP’s prospects could be adversely affected;

 

 

•  the fact that UCP has incurred and will continue to incur significant transaction costs and expenses in connection with the
Merger and other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, regardless of whether they are consummated, and if
the Merger and other transactions are not consummated, UCP will be required to pay its own expenses associated with the
Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  the fact that, as an inducement for and condition to Century Communities’ willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement,
PICO has agreed to vote a majority of UCP’s outstanding voting power in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement,
subject to the termination of such obligation if the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, and that the
PICO voting agreement requires PICO to vote 28% of UCP’s outstanding voting power in favor of the adoption of the
Merger Agreement if the UCP Board changes its recommendation solely in respect of an intervening event (and not to
accept a superior proposal);

 

 
•  the fact that the Merger Agreement requires UCP to submit the Merger Agreement to a vote of UCP’s stockholders if the

UCP Board changes its recommendation of the Merger Agreement solely in the case of an intervening event;
 

 
•  the fact that Party F submitted a preliminary proposal that was for a price per share of UCP Class A Common Stock greater

than the aggregate implied value of the Merger Consideration to be paid pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 

•  the fact that, although the Merger Consideration represented a premium of approximately 22% to the closing price of UCP
Class A Common Stock on April 7, 2017, the implied value of the Merger Consideration as of April 7, 2017 represented a
premium of approximately 3% to the median analyst stock price target for UCP and an approximately 11% discount to the
52-week intraday high price of UCP’s Class A Common Stock;

 

 
•  the risk that the potential benefits of the Merger may not be fully or partially achieved, or may not be achieved within the

expected timeframe;
 

 

•  the potential challenges and difficulties relating to integrating the operations of UCP and Century Communities after
consummation of the Merger, including the cost to achieve synergies, which will require consolidating certain businesses
and functions, integrating organizations, procedures, policies and operations, addressing differences in the business cultures
of the two companies and retaining key personnel, and may disrupt each company’s ongoing business operations or
adversely affect relationships with customers, suppliers, employees and others;

 

 
•  the fact that, because only approximately 53% of the Merger Consideration will be in the form of Century Communities

Common Stock, UCP stockholders will have a smaller ongoing equity
 

-75-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 88/265

Table of Contents

 

participation in the combined company (and, as a result, a smaller opportunity to participate in any potential earnings or
growth of Century Communities and potential appreciation in the value of Century Communities Common Stock following
the Merger) than they have in UCP. The UCP Board considered, however, that UCP stockholders would be able to reinvest
the cash received in the Merger in Century Communities Common Stock if they desired to do so;

 

 
•  the fact that following the closing of the Merger, the existing directors of Century Communities will constitute all of the

members of the combined company’s board of directors and the Century Communities co-chief executive officers and other
senior management will continue in these roles;

 

 
•  the risk that because the exchange ratio is fixed, the value of the stock consideration to UCP stockholders in the Merger

could fluctuate between the signing of the Merger Agreement and the closing of the Merger, including after the UCP
stockholder meeting;

 

 
•  the fact that, because the Merger is expected to qualify as a partially tax-deferred transaction, a UCP stockholder will be

required to recognize gain to the extent of the cash portion of the Merger Consideration received by such stockholder;
 

 

•  certain provisions of the Merger Agreement could have the effect of discouraging third party offers for UCP, including the
restriction on UCP’s ability to solicit third party proposals for alternative transactions involving UCP and the termination fee
UCP would be required to pay Century Communities to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept a superior
proposal from a third party;

 

 
•  the circumstances in which Century Communities may terminate the Merger Agreement, including if the UCP Board

changes its recommendation in favor of the Merger;
 

 
•  the restrictions on the conduct of UCP’s business prior to the completion of the Merger, which restrictions generally require

UCP to operate its businesses in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice with limited exceptions, which
may delay or prevent UCP from undertaking business opportunities that may arise pending completion of the Merger;

 

 
•  the fact that certain executive officers of UCP have, and the possibility that other executive officers and directors of UCP

could have, interests in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement that are different from, or in addition to,
those of UCP’s stockholders;

 

 
•  the potential for litigation challenging the Merger, and the possibility that an adverse judgment for monetary damages could

have a material adverse effect on the operations of the combined company after the Merger or that an adverse judgment
granting permanent injunctive relief could indefinitely enjoin completion of the Merger; and

 

 
•  various other risks associated with the combination and the businesses of UCP and Century Communities described under

“Risk Factors” beginning on page 34 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The UCP Board concluded that these potential risks and uncertainties were outweighed by the benefits that the UCP Board
expected UCP and its stockholders to achieve as a result of the Merger. The UCP Board realized that there can be no assurance about
future results, including results considered or expected as disclosed in the foregoing reasons.

The foregoing discussion of information and material factors considered by the UCP Board is not intended to be exhaustive, but it
does describe the principal factors considered by the UCP Board as aforementioned herein. In view of the variety of factors and
substantial amount of information considered in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger, the UCP
Board did not find it practicable to, and did not, seek to quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the factors summarized above
in reaching its conclusions and in making its recommendation to UCP stockholders to affirmatively vote for the adoption of the Merger
Agreement. In addition, each individual member of the UCP Board applied his or her own personal business judgment to the process
and may have given different weight to different factors. Except as specifically described
 

-76-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 89/265

Table of Contents

above, the UCP Board did not reach any collective view that any individual factor described above either supported or did not support
the overall recommendation of the UCP Board. The factors, potential risks and uncertainties contained in this explanation of the UCP
Board’s reasons for the Merger and other information presented in this section contain information that is forward-looking in nature
and, therefore, should be read in light of the factors discussed in “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements”
beginning on page 32 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

In considering the recommendation of the UCP Board that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement
and FOR the adjournment proposal, UCP stockholders should be aware and take into account the fact that certain UCP directors and
executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally
and that may create potential conflicts of interest. The UCP Board was aware of and carefully considered these interests, among other
matters, in evaluating the terms and structure, and overseeing the negotiation, of the Merger, in approving the Merger Agreement and
in recommending that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the Merger Agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal. For
more information on the interests of certain UCP directors and executive officers, see “—Interests of Certain UCP Directors and
Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 92 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of UCP’s Financial Advisor

UCP engaged Citi as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed Merger. In connection with this engagement, UCP
requested that Citi evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to be received by holders of UCP
Class A Common Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates) pursuant to the Merger Agreement. On April 10, 2017, at a meeting of the
UCP Board held to evaluate the Merger, Citi rendered an oral opinion, confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated April 10, 2017,
to the UCP Board to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken described in such opinion, the Merger Consideration to be
received by holders of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates) pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of Citi’s written opinion, dated April 10, 2017, to the UCP Board, which describes the assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The description of Citi’s opinion set forth below is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of Citi’s opinion. Citi’s opinion was provided for the information of the UCP Board (in its
capacity as such) in connection with its evaluation of the Merger Consideration from a financial point of view and did not
address any other terms, aspects or implications of the Merger. Citi expressed no view as to, and its opinion did not address, the
underlying business decision of UCP to effect or enter into the Merger, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any
alternative business strategies that might exist for UCP or the effect of any other transaction which UCP might engage in or
consider. Citi’s opinion is not intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how such
stockholder should vote or act on any matters relating to the proposed Merger or otherwise.

In arriving at its opinion, Citi:
 

 •  reviewed an execution version, provided to Citi on April 10, 2017, of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  held discussions with certain senior officers, directors and other representatives and advisors of UCP and certain senior

officers and other representatives and advisors of Century Communities concerning the businesses, operations and prospects
of UCP and Century Communities;

 

 
•  reviewed certain publicly available and other business and financial information relating to UCP and Century Communities

provided to or discussed with Citi by the managements of UCP and Century
 

-77-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 90/265

Table of Contents

 

Communities, including certain internal financial forecasts and other information and data relating to UCP reflecting, for
fiscal years 2020 and 2021, alternative home delivery and leverage scenarios for UCP and certain internal financial forecasts
and other information and data relating to Century Communities, and discussed with the management of UCP the potential
strategic implications and financial and operational benefits anticipated by the management of UCP to result from the
Merger;

 

 

•  reviewed the financial terms of the Merger as set forth in the Merger Agreement in relation to, among other things, current
and historical market prices and trading volumes of UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities Common
Stock, historical and projected operating data of UCP and Century Communities, and the capitalization and financial
condition of UCP and Century Communities;

 

 

•  analyzed certain financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating to the businesses of other
companies whose operations Citi considered relevant in evaluating those of UCP and Century Communities and considered,
to the extent publicly available, the financial terms of certain other transactions which Citi considered relevant in evaluating
the Merger;

 

 
•  evaluated certain potential pro forma financial effects of the Merger on Century Communities utilizing the internal financial

forecasts and other information and data relating to UCP, Century Communities and the Merger referred to above; and
 

 
•  conducted such other analyses and examinations and considered such other information and financial, economic and market

criteria as Citi deemed appropriate in arriving at its opinion.

In rendering its opinion, Citi assumed and relied, without independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all
financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with Citi and upon the
assurances of the managements and other representatives of UCP and Century Communities that they were not aware of any relevant
information that was omitted or that remained undisclosed to Citi. With respect to the financial forecasts and other information and data
relating to UCP that Citi was directed to utilize in its analyses (including, without limitation, as to tax attributes expected by the
management of UCP to be utilized by UCP on a standalone basis), Citi was advised by the management of UCP and Citi assumed, with
UCP’s consent, that such forecasts and other information and data were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently
available estimates and judgments of the management of UCP as to, and were a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the future
financial performance of UCP under the alternative scenarios reflected therein and the other matters covered thereby. With respect to
the financial forecasts and other information and data relating to Century Communities that Citi was directed to utilize in its analyses,
Citi was advised by the management of Century Communities and Citi assumed, with UCP’s consent, that such forecasts and other
information and data were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Century Communities as to, and were a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the future financial performance of
Century Communities and the other matters covered thereby. Citi relied, at UCP’s direction, upon the assessments of the managements
of UCP and Century Communities as to, among other things, (i) the potential impact on UCP and Century Communities of certain
market, competitive, cyclical, seasonal and other trends and developments in and prospects for, and governmental, regulatory and
legislative matters relating to or otherwise affecting, the real estate and residential homebuilding industries and related credit and
financial markets, including with respect to the housing markets in which UCP and Century Communities operate, (ii) existing and
future relationships, agreements and arrangements with, and the ability to attract, retain and/or replace, key employees, suppliers and
other commercial relationships of UCP and Century Communities and (iii) the ability to integrate the businesses of UCP and Century
Communities. Citi assumed, with UCP’s consent, that there would be no developments with respect to any such matters that would
have an adverse effect on UCP, Century Communities or the Merger or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to Citi’s
analyses or opinion.

Citi did not make and was not provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent,
derivative, off-balance sheet, accrued or otherwise) of UCP, Century Communities or any other entity and Citi did not make any
physical inspection of the properties or assets of UCP, Century
 

-78-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 91/265

Table of Contents

Communities or any other entity. Citi also did not make any analysis of, nor did Citi express any opinion or view as to, the adequacy or
sufficiency of reserves for warranty or other claims with respect to home sales or any other matters, and Citi assumed, with UCP’s
consent, that such reserves were, and on a pro forma basis would be, in the aggregate appropriate to cover such warranty and other
claims. Citi assumed, with UCP’s consent, that the Merger would be consummated in accordance with its terms (including, without
limitation, with respect to the exchange by PICO of membership interests in a subsidiary of UCP for shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock) and in compliance with all applicable laws, documents and other requirements, without waiver, modification or amendment of
any material term, condition or agreement, and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary governmental, regulatory or third party
approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the Merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition, including any
divestiture or other requirements, amendments or modifications, would be imposed or occur that would have an adverse effect on UCP,
Century Communities or the Merger or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to Citi’s analyses or opinion. Citi also
assumed, with UCP’s consent, that the Merger would qualify for the intended tax treatment contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
Citi did not express any opinion or view as to the actual value of Century Communities Common Stock when issued in the Merger or
the prices at which Century Communities Common Stock (or any other securities of or relating to Century Communities) or UCP
Class A Common Stock (or any other securities of or relating to UCP) would trade or otherwise be transferable at any time.
Representatives of UCP advised Citi, and Citi also assumed, that the final terms of the Merger Agreement would not vary materially
from those set forth in the execution version reviewed by Citi. Citi did not express any opinion or view with respect to tax, accounting,
regulatory, legal or similar matters, including tax or other consequences of the Merger, and Citi relied, with UCP’s consent, upon the
assessments of representatives of UCP as to such matters.

Citi’s opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of its date, of the Merger Consideration (to the
extent expressly specified in the opinion), without regard to individual circumstances of specific holders of, or any rights, preferences,
restrictions or limitations that may be attributable to, shares of UCP Class A Common Stock or other securities of UCP or its affiliates.
Citi’s opinion did not address any other terms, aspects or implications of the Merger, including, without limitation, the form of the
Merger Consideration, the form or structure of the Merger, any exchange agreement, voting support and transfer restriction agreement,
tax receivable agreement or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding to be entered into in connection with or contemplated
by the Merger or otherwise. Citi expressed no view as to, and its opinion did not address, the underlying business decision of UCP to
effect or enter into the Merger, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist for
UCP or the effect of any other transaction which UCP might engage in or consider. Citi also expressed no view as to, and its opinion
did not address, the fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount or nature or any other aspect of any compensation or other payments
to any officers, directors or employees of any parties to the Merger or any affiliates of such parties, or any class of such persons,
relative to the Merger Consideration or otherwise. Citi’s opinion was necessarily based upon information available, and financial, stock
market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed, to Citi as of the date of its opinion. Although subsequent
developments may affect Citi’s opinion, Citi has no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. As the UCP Board was aware,
the credit, financial and stock markets, and the regional housing markets and industries in which UCP and Century Communities
operate, have experienced and continue to experience volatility and Citi expressed no opinion or view as to any potential effects of
such volatility on UCP or Century Communities (or their respective businesses) or the Merger. In connection with its engagement and
at UCP’s direction, Citi held discussions with selected third parties regarding their potential interest in a possible acquisition
transaction involving UCP. The issuance of Citi’s opinion was authorized by Citi’s fairness opinion committee.

In preparing its opinion, Citi performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, including those described below. The
summary below is not a complete description of Citi’s opinion or the analyses underlying, and factors considered in connection with,
Citi’s opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most
appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and,
therefore, a financial opinion is not readily susceptible to summary description. Citi arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results
of all
 

-79-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 92/265

Table of Contents

analyses undertaken by it and factors assessed as a whole, and it did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any one
factor or method of analysis. Accordingly, Citi believes that such analyses and factors must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors
or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying such analyses and
its opinion.

In its analyses, Citi considered industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other
matters existing as of the date of its opinion, many of which are beyond the control of UCP and Century Communities. No company,
business or transaction reviewed is identical or directly comparable to UCP, Century Communities or their respective businesses or the
Merger and an evaluation of these analyses is not entirely mathematical; rather, the analyses involve complex considerations and
judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading, acquisition or other
values of the companies, businesses or transactions reviewed.

The estimates contained in Citi’s analyses and the valuation ranges resulting from any particular analysis are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or predictive of future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
suggested by such analyses. In addition, analyses relating to the value of companies, businesses or securities do not purport to be
appraisals or to reflect the prices at which companies, businesses or securities actually may be sold or acquired. Accordingly, the
estimates used in, and the results derived from, Citi’s analyses are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

Citi was not requested to, and it did not, recommend or determine the specific consideration payable in the Merger. The type and
amount of consideration payable in the Merger were determined through negotiations between UCP and Century Communities and the
decision to enter into the Merger Agreement and related documents was solely that of the UCP Board. Citi’s opinion was only one of
many factors considered by the UCP Board in its evaluation of the Merger and the Merger Consideration and should not be viewed as
determinative of the views of the UCP Board or management with respect to the Merger or the consideration payable in the Merger.

Financial Analyses

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented to the UCP Board in connection with Citi’s opinion,
dated April 10, 2017. The summary set forth below does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses
performed by, and underlying the opinion of, Citi, nor does the order of the financial analyses described represent the relative
importance or weight given to those financial analyses by Citi. Certain financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses, the tables must be read together
with the text of each summary as the tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering
the data in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the financial analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of such
financial analyses. Actual results may differ from those indicated by such financial analyses and such differences may be
material. For purposes of the financial analyses described below, the term “implied per share Merger Consideration” means $11.37 per
share, calculated as (i) the cash consideration of $5.32 per share and (ii) the implied value of the stock consideration of $6.05 per share
based on the 0.2309 exchange ratio and the closing price of Century Communities Common Stock on April 7, 2017 (the last trading
day prior to the date of the Merger Agreement). Implied per share equity value reference ranges reflected in the summaries of the
financial analyses described below were rounded to the nearest $0.10. Financial data utilized for UCP and Century Communities in the
financial analyses described below, to the extent based on internal financial forecasts and estimates provided to or discussed with Citi
by the managements of UCP and Century Communities, are referred to as the UCP forecasts and the Century Communities forecasts,
respectively.
 

-80-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 93/265

Table of Contents

UCP Financial Analyses

Selected Public Companies Analysis. Citi reviewed certain publicly available financial and stock market information of UCP and
the following seven selected companies that Citi considered generally relevant as publicly traded companies in the residential
homebuilding industry with operations and scale generally similar to those of UCP, collectively referred to as the UCP selected
companies:
 

 •  AV Homes, Inc.
 

 •  Beazer Homes USA, Inc.
 

 •  Century Communities, Inc.
 

 •  LGI Homes, Inc.
 

 •  M/I Homes, Inc.
 

 •  The New Home Company Inc.
 

 •  William Lyon Homes

Citi reviewed, among other information and to the extent publicly available, fully diluted equity values, based on closing stock
prices on April 7, 2017, as multiples of latest quarter book value (as of December 31, 2016 and taking into account tax attributes of the
UCP selected companies to the extent publicly available, calculated for certain of such companies on a present value basis), and
calendar years 2017 and 2018 estimated earnings per share, referred to as EPS. Financial data of the UCP selected companies were
based on Wall Street research analysts’ estimates and other publicly available information. Financial data of UCP was based on the
UCP forecasts, Wall Street research analysts’ estimates and other publicly available information. UCP’s multiples were included in the
calculation of median multiples summarized below.

The overall low to high latest quarter book value, calendar year 2017 estimated EPS and calendar year 2018 estimated EPS
multiples observed for the UCP selected companies for which information was publicly available were 0.8x to 1.8x (with a median of
0.9x), 8.0x to 19.3x (with a median of 10.0x) and 6.9x to 16.6x (with a median of 8.3x), respectively. Citi noted that the latest quarter
book value multiple observed for UCP was 0.8x (based on publicly available information) and that the calendar year 2017 estimated
EPS and calendar year 2018 estimated EPS multiples observed for UCP were 18.7x and 12.6x, respectively (based on Wall Street
research analysts’ estimates), and that UCP’s return on invested capital was generally lower than the returns on invested capital of the
UCP selected companies. Citi applied selected ranges of latest quarter book value, calendar year 2017 estimated EPS and calendar year
2018 estimated EPS multiples of 0.9x to 1.2x, 10.0x to 11.4x and 8.3x to 10.3x, respectively, derived from the UCP selected companies
to corresponding data of UCP based on publicly available information and the UCP forecasts. This analysis indicated the following
approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for UCP, as compared to the implied per share Merger Consideration:
 

Approximate Implied Per Share Equity
Value Reference Ranges Based on:   Implied Per Share Merger Consideration

Latest Quarter
Book Value   CY 2017E EPS   CY 2018E EPS    

$11.40 – $14.00   $5.20 – $5.90   $7.00 – $8.70   $11.37
 

-81-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 94/265

Table of Contents

Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis. Using publicly available information, Citi reviewed financial data relating to the
following nine selected transactions that Citi considered generally relevant as transactions involving target companies in the residential
homebuilding industry, collectively referred to as the selected transactions:
 
Announcement Date   Acquiror   Target
September 2016   Lennar Corporation   WCI Communities, Inc.
June 2014

  
William Lyon Homes

  
Polygon Northwest Company L.L.C.
(residential homebuilding business)

April 2002   Newmark Homes Corp.   Engle Holdings Corp.
February 2002   Beazer Homes USA, Inc.   Crossmann Communities, Inc.
December 2001   Hovnanian Enterprises, Inc.   The Forecast Group, L.P.
October 2000   Technical Olympic USA, Inc.   Engle Holdings Corp.
September 2000   Western Pacific Housing   Schuler Homes, Inc.
February 2000   Lennar Corporation   U.S. Home Corporation
October 1999   Technical Olympic USA, Inc.   Newmark Homes Corp.

Citi reviewed, among other information, transaction values of the selected transactions, calculated as the purchase prices paid for
the fully diluted equity values of the target companies, based on closing stock prices as of the announcement dates of the relevant
transactions, as multiples of such target companies’ latest quarter book values as of such announcement dates. Financial data of the
selected transactions were based on public filings and other publicly available information. Financial data of UCP was based on public
filings.

The overall low to high latest quarter book value multiples observed for the selected transactions were 0.7x to 2.0x (with a
median of 1.1x). Citi noted that UCP’s return on invested capital was generally lower than the returns on invested capital of other
companies in the residential homebuilding industry. Citi applied a selected range of latest quarter book value multiples of 1.0x to 1.2x
derived from the selected transactions to UCP’s latest quarter book value (as of December 31, 2016). This analysis indicated the
following approximate implied per share equity value reference range for UCP, as compared to the implied per share Merger
Consideration:
 

Approximate Implied Per Share
Equity Value Reference Range   Implied Per Share Merger Consideration

$12.00 – $14.40   $11.37

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Citi performed a discounted cash flow analysis of UCP by calculating the estimated present
value (as of March 31, 2017) of the unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that UCP was forecasted to generate during the last nine
months of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 through the full fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 based on the UCP forecasts
(including the alternative home delivery and leverage scenarios for UCP for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 reflected therein, referred to as
the base case and constrained capital case), both before and after taking into account the estimated present value (as of March 31, 2017)
of deferred tax assets of UCP expected by the management of UCP to be utilized by UCP during such period, collectively referred to as
tax attributes. For purposes of this analysis, stock-based compensation was treated as a cash expense. Citi calculated the implied
terminal value of UCP by applying to UCP’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2021 estimated real estate inventory less capitalized
interest at the end of the projection period, referred to as adjusted real estate inventory, a selected range of adjusted real estate inventory
multiples of 0.95x to 1.05x based on Citi’s professional judgment and taking into account, among other things and to the extent
publicly available, observed implied adjusted real estate inventory multiples of the UCP selected companies. The present values (as of
March 31, 2017) of UCP’s cash flows, terminal values and tax attributes were then calculated using a selected range of discount rates
of 10.1% to 11.5% derived from a weighted average cost of capital calculation. This analysis indicated the following approximate
implied per share equity value
 

-82-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 95/265

Table of Contents

reference ranges for UCP, both before and after taking into account the estimated present value (as of March 31, 2017) of UCP’s tax
attributes, as compared to the implied per share Merger Consideration:
 

Approximate Implied Per Share Equity
Value Reference Ranges Based on:   

Implied Per Share Merger
Consideration

Base Case   Constrained Capital Case    
Before Tax
Attributes   

After Tax
Attributes   

Before Tax
Attributes   

After Tax
Attributes    

$9.20 – $12.70   $9.40 – $12.90   $9.00 – $12.20   $9.30 – $12.50   $11.37

Century Communities Financial Analyses

Selected Public Companies Analysis. Citi reviewed certain publicly available financial and stock market information of Century
Communities and the following seven selected companies that Citi considered generally relevant as publicly traded companies in the
residential homebuilding industry with operations and scale generally similar to those of Century Communities, collectively referred to
as the Century Communities selected companies:
 

 •  AV Homes, Inc.
 

 •  Beazer Homes USA, Inc.
 

 •  LGI Homes, Inc.
 

 •  M/I Homes, Inc.
 

 •  The New Home Company Inc.
 

 •  UCP, Inc.
 

 •  William Lyon Homes

Citi reviewed, among other information and to the extent publicly available, fully diluted equity values, based on closing stock
prices on April 7, 2017, as multiples of latest quarter book value (as of December 31, 2016 and taking into account tax attributes of the
Century Communities selected companies to the extent publicly available, calculated for certain of such companies on a present value
basis), and calendar years 2017 and 2018 estimated EPS. Financial data of the Century Communities selected companies were based on
Wall Street research analysts’ estimates and other publicly available information. Financial data of Century Communities was based on
the Century Communities forecasts, Wall Street research analysts’ estimates and other publicly available information. Century
Communities’ multiples were included in the calculation of median multiples summarized below.

The overall low to high latest quarter book value, calendar year 2017 estimated EPS and calendar year 2018 estimated EPS
multiples observed for the Century Communities selected companies for which information was publicly available were 0.8x to 1.8x
(with a median of 0.9x), 8.0x to 19.3x (with a median of 10.0x) and 6.9x to 16.6x (with a median of 8.3x), respectively. Citi noted that
the latest quarter book value multiple observed for Century Communities was 1.3x (based on publicly available information) and that
the calendar year 2017 estimated EPS and calendar year 2018 estimated EPS multiples observed for Century Communities were 9.7x
and 8.2x, respectively (based on Wall Street research analysts’ estimates). Citi then applied selected ranges of latest quarter book value,
calendar year 2017 estimated EPS and calendar year 2018 estimated EPS multiples of 0.9x to 1.2x, 10.0x to 11.4x and 8.3x to 10.3x,
respectively, derived from the Century Communities selected companies to corresponding data of Century Communities based on
publicly available information and the Century Communities forecasts. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per
share equity
 

-83-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 96/265

Table of Contents

value reference ranges for Century Communities, as compared to the per share closing price of Century Communities Common Stock
on April 7, 2017:
 

Approximate Implied Per Share Equity
Value Reference Ranges Based on:   

Century Communities Per Share Closing
Stock Price on April 7, 2017

Latest Quarter
Book Value   CY 2017E EPS   CY 2018E EPS    

$19.70 – $24.30   $23.10 – $26.30   $20.20 – $25.00   $26.20

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Citi performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Century Communities by calculating the
estimated present value (as of March 31, 2017) of the unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Century Communities was forecasted to
generate during the last nine months of the fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 through the full fiscal year ending December 31,
2021 based on the Century Communities forecasts. For purposes of this analysis, stock-based compensation was treated as a cash
expense. Citi calculated the implied terminal value of Century Communities by applying to Century Communities’ fiscal year ending
December 31, 2021 estimated adjusted real estate inventory a selected range of adjusted real estate inventory multiples of 1.00x to
1.20x based on Citi’s professional judgment and taking into account, among other things and to the extent publicly available, observed
implied adjusted real estate inventory multiples of the Century Communities selected companies. The present values (as of March 31,
2017) of Century Communities’ cash flows and terminal values were then calculated using a selected range of discount rates of 7.0% to
8.0% derived from a weighted average cost of capital calculation. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share
equity value reference range for Century Communities, as compared to the per share closing price of Century Communities Common
Stock on April 7, 2017:
 

Approximate Implied Per Share
Equity Value Reference Range   

Century Communities Per Share Closing
Stock Price on April 7, 2017

$20.10 – $28.50   $26.20

Certain Additional Information

Citi observed certain additional information that was not considered part of its financial analyses for its opinion but was noted for
informational purposes, including the following:
 

 

•  historical trading prices of UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities Common Stock during the 52-week
period ended April 7, 2017, which indicated low to high intraday prices for UCP Class A Common Stock and Century
Communities Common Stock during such period of approximately $5.95 to $12.75 per share and approximately $16.30 to
$26.25 per share, respectively;

 

 

•  one-year forward stock price targets for UCP Class A Common Stock and Century Communities Common Stock as reflected
in selected publicly available Wall Street research analysts’ reports as of April 7, 2017, which indicated (i) in the case of
UCP, an overall low to high target stock price range of $10.00 to $14.00 per share on an undiscounted basis and
approximately $8.90 to $12.40 per share (with a median of $9.70 per share) on a discounted basis (discounted to present
value as of March 31, 2017 using UCP’s cost of equity) and (ii) in the case of Century Communities, an overall low to high
target stock price range of $25.00 to $30.00 per share on an undiscounted basis and approximately $23.10 to $27.50 per
share (with a median of $24.90 per share) on a discounted basis (discounted to present value as of March 31, 2017 using
Century Communities’ cost of equity);

 

 

•  utilizing publicly available information, the overall observed low to high implied premiums payable in 23 selected cash and
stock transactions involving target companies in various industries announced from January 1, 2010 to April 7, 2017 with
transaction values of $250 million to $750 million based on closing stock prices of such target companies one week prior to
transaction announcement, which indicated (i) average one-week premiums ranging from approximately 20.6% to 32.2%
and (ii) after applying a selected range of implied one-week premiums of 20% to 30% derived from these transactions to the
closing price of UCP Class A Common Stock of $9.35 per share on April 7, 2017, an approximate implied equity value
reference range for UCP of $11.20 to $12.20 per share; and

 
-84-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 97/265

Table of Contents

 

•  the illustrative pro forma financial impact of the Merger on, among other things, Century Communities’ estimated EPS and
estimated book value for the calendar years ending December 31, 2017 and December 31, 2018 based on the UCP forecasts,
the Century Communities forecasts and public filings, assuming the Merger were consummated on December 31, 2016 and
taking into account potential strategic implications and financial and operational benefits anticipated by the management of
UCP to result from the Merger, which indicated that the Merger could be accretive to Century Communities’ estimated EPS
and estimated book value in each of such calendar years. Actual results achieved by the combined company may vary from
forecasted results and variations may be material.

Miscellaneous

UCP has agreed to pay Citi for its services in connection with the proposed Merger an aggregate fee currently estimated to be
approximately $5.5 million, of which a portion was payable upon delivery of Citi’s opinion and approximately $5 million is payable
contingent upon consummation of the Merger. In addition, UCP has agreed to reimburse Citi for Citi’s expenses, including fees and
expenses of counsel, and to indemnify Citi and related parties against certain liabilities, including liabilities under federal securities
laws, arising out of Citi’s engagement. As the UCP Board was aware, Citi and its affiliates in the past have provided and currently and
in the future may provide investment banking, commercial banking and/or other similar financial services to UCP and its affiliates
unrelated to the Merger, for which services Citi and its affiliates have received and would expect to receive compensation, including,
during the two-year period prior to the date of Citi’s opinion, having assisted UCP in connection with share repurchases under UCP’s
stock repurchase program, for which services Citi and its affiliates received during such two-year period aggregate fees of less than
$5,000. As the UCP Board also was aware, Citi and its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future
may provide investment banking, commercial banking and/or other similar financial services to Century Communities and its affiliates,
for which services Citi and its affiliates have received and expect to receive compensation, including, during the two-year period prior
to the date of Citi’s opinion, having acted or acting as (i) an initial purchaser for a private placement of senior notes of Century
Communities, (ii) a sales agent for an at-the-market offering program of Century Communities and (iii) a lender under a revolving
credit facility of Century Communities, for which services described in clauses (i) through (iii) above Citi and its affiliates received
during such two-year period aggregate fees of approximately $500,000. Although Citi and its affiliates did not provide investment
banking, commercial banking or other similar financial services to PICO during the two-year period prior to the date of Citi’s opinion
for which Citi and its affiliates received compensation, Citi and its affiliates in the future may provide such services to PICO and/or its
affiliates, for which services Citi and its affiliates would expect to receive compensation. In the ordinary course of business, Citi and its
affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of UCP, Century Communities, PICO and their respective affiliates for their own
account or for the account of customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such securities. Although
Citi’s and its affiliates’ security holdings in Century Communities may change from time to time, as the UCP Board was aware, Citi
held as of March 31, 2017 approximately 8,687 shares of Century Communities Common Stock, which had an implied aggregate
market value as of that date of less than $250,000. In addition, Citi and its affiliates (including Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates) may
maintain relationships with UCP, Century Communities, PICO and their respective affiliates.

UCP selected Citi as its financial advisor in connection with the proposed Merger based on Citi’s reputation, experience and
familiarity with UCP and its business. Citi is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that regularly engages in the
valuation of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for estate, corporate and other purposes.

Century Communities Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Although Century Communities may periodically publish limited public guidance concerning its expected financial performance,
Century Communities does not, as a matter of course, publicly disclose detailed financial forecasts. However, in connection with the
negotiation of the proposed Merger and the other transactions
 

-85-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 98/265

Table of Contents

contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Century Communities management prepared certain non-public unaudited financial forecasts,
which were furnished to the Century Communities Board and UCP and to Citi for its use and reliance in connection with its financial
analyses and opinion. A summary of the unaudited financial forecasts is included below to provide UCP stockholders access to certain
of such non-public unaudited financial forecasts.

The unaudited financial forecasts were not prepared for the purpose of public disclosure, nor were they prepared in compliance
with published guidelines of the SEC, the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for
preparation and presentation of financial forecasts, or GAAP. The summary of the unaudited financial forecasts is not being included in
this proxy statement/prospectus to influence UCP stockholders with respect to the adoption of the Merger Agreement, including
whether or not to seek appraisal rights with respect to shares of UCP Class A Common Stock held by UCP stockholders. The inclusion
of the unaudited financial forecasts in this proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as an indication that any of Century
Communities, UCP or any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers, advisors or other representatives, or any other recipient of
the unaudited financial forecasts, considered, or now considers, the forecasts to be material or necessarily predictive of actual future
results or events, and the unaudited financial forecasts should not be relied upon as such.

The unaudited financial forecasts include certain non-GAAP financial measures, including unlevered free cash flow (in each case,
as defined below). Century Communities management included forecasts of unlevered free cash flow in the unaudited financial
forecasts because Century Communities management believes that unlevered free cash flow could be useful in evaluating the future
cash flows generated by Century Communities without taking into account debt servicing costs. Non-GAAP financial measures should
not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-GAAP
financial measures as presented in this proxy statement/prospectus may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by Century
Communities, UCP or other companies. The footnotes to the tables below provide certain supplemental information with respect to the
calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures. The unaudited financial forecasts were not prepared with a view toward
compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information.

All of the unaudited financial forecasts summarized below were prepared by, and are the responsibility of, Century Communities
management. No independent registered public accounting firm has examined, compiled or otherwise performed any procedures with
respect to the prospective financial information contained in the unaudited financial forecasts and, accordingly, no independent
registered public accounting firm has expressed any opinion or given any other form of assurance with respect thereto, and no
independent registered public accounting firm assumes any responsibility for the prospective financial information. The reports of the
independent registered public accounting firms incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus relate to Century
Communities’ and UCP’s historical financial information. These reports do not extend to the unaudited financial forecasts and should
not be read to do so.

The unaudited financial forecasts do not give effect to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement or any changes to Century Communities’ operations or strategy that may be implemented after the completion of the
Merger, including any potential synergies realized as a result of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, or to any costs related to, or that may arise in connection with, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, including the effect of any failure of the Merger to occur. Certain potential benefits of the Merger discussed by
Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective management teams are described below under “—Possible Benefits of the Merger.”

The unaudited financial forecasts were based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be
beyond the control of Century Communities management. In preparing these unaudited financial forecasts, Century Communities
management used assumptions that were substantially based on and
 

-86-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 99/265

Table of Contents

consistent with Century Communities’ recent historical results. These assumptions included assumptions with respect to the number of
home deliveries anticipated in each fiscal period, average sales prices, gross and contribution margins, general and administrative
expenses as a percentage of home sales revenue, and Century Communities’ effective tax rate. The unaudited financial forecasts were
prepared by Century Communities management in the first and second quarters of 2017, and Century Communities management
believes the unaudited financial forecasts were prepared on a reasonable basis and reflected the best then-currently available estimates
and judgments of Century Communities management at that time. Important factors that may affect actual results and cause the
unaudited financial forecasts to not be realized include, but are not limited to, the risks, contingencies and other uncertainties described
under “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 32 and 34,
respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus. The unaudited financial forecasts are forward-looking in nature. The forecasts relate to
expectations of multiple future years’ performance, and such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each succeeding
year. As a result, actual results may differ materially, and will differ materially if the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement are completed, from the unaudited financial forecasts, and there can be no assurance that the forecasts will be
realized. None of Century Communities, UCP, or any of their respective affiliates, directors, officers, advisors or other representatives
made or makes any representation to any stockholder or other person regarding Century Communities’ ultimate performance compared
to the information contained in the unaudited financial forecasts. Except as may be required under applicable law, Century
Communities does not undertake any obligation to update or otherwise revise the unaudited financial forecasts to reflect events or
circumstances after the date the forecasts were made, including events or circumstances that may have occurred during the period
between that date and the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even in the event
that any or all of the assumptions are not realized.

Century Communities Unaudited Financial Forecasts

The following table summarizes the unaudited financial forecasts related to Century Communities on a stand-alone basis without
giving effect to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and were prepared by Century
Communities management as described above.
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E    2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  
Total Revenue   $1,088   $1,143   $1,200   $1,248   $1,285 
Gross Margin   $ 209   $ 220   $ 224   $ 230   $ 234 
Pre-Tax Income   $ 81   $ 85   $ 90   $ 97   $ 103 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (1)   $ 20   $ 29   $ 28   $ 41   $ 53 
Real Estate Inventory   $ 906   $ 952   $ 999   $1,039   $1,070 

 
(1) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or

net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flows or as a measure of liquidity.

Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures used in the unaudited financial forecasts to the most directly comparable GAAP
measures are provided below:
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E 
Pre Tax Income   $ 81   $ 85   $ 90   $ 97   $ 103 
Capitalized Interest   $ 27   $ 29   $ 27   $ 28   $ 26 
Taxes   $ (38)   $ (40)   $ (41)   $ (44)   $ (45) 
Increase/(Decrease) in Real Estate Inventory   $ (48)   $ (45)   $ (48)   $ (40)   $ (31) 
(Increase)/Decrease in Net Working Capital (1)   $ (2)   $ 0   $ 0   $ 0   $ 0 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ 20   $ 29   $ 28   $ 41   $ 53 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
(1) Excluding real estate inventory.
 

-87-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 100/265

Table of Contents

CENTURY COMMUNITIES DOES NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE UNAUDITED
FINANCIAL FORECASTS SET FORTH ABOVE TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE
THE FORECASTS WERE MADE, INCLUDING EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES THAT MAY HAVE OCCURRED
DURING THE PERIOD BETWEEN THAT DATE AND THE DATE OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, OR
TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF
THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THESE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL PROJECTIONS ARE NOT REALIZED.

Possible Benefits of the Merger

In connection with the negotiation of the Merger, Century Communities’ and UCP’s respective managements discussed various
potential benefits to Century Communities as a result of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
including, among other things, potential annual cost savings and synergies from a reduction in expenses.

Century Communities expects that approximately $5.0 million of incremental annualized cost synergies will be realized within
one year of completion of the Merger. Both Century Communities and UCP were aware that the amounts of any benefits to Century
Communities as a result of the Merger were estimates, that they may change, and that achieving any of the benefits would be subject to
a number of risks, contingencies and other uncertainties, including those described under “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward
Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 32 and 34, respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus.

UCP Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Although UCP may periodically publish limited public guidance concerning its expected financial performance, UCP does not, as
a matter of course, publicly disclose detailed financial forecasts. However, in connection with the negotiation of the proposed Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, UCP management prepared certain non-public unaudited financial
forecasts regarding UCP’s projected future operations for the 2017 through 2021 fiscal years, including, for fiscal years 2020 and 2021,
alternative home delivery and leverage scenarios for UCP, which were furnished to the UCP Board and Century Communities and to
Citi for its use and reliance in connection with its financial analyses and opinion. We refer to these unaudited financial forecasts as the
“UCP Projections.” A summary of the UCP Projections is included below to provide UCP stockholders access to certain of such non-
public unaudited financial forecasts.

The UCP Projections include certain non-GAAP financial measures, including EBITDA and unlevered free cash flow (in each
case, as defined below). UCP’s management included forecasts of EBITDA in the UCP Projections because EBITDA is commonly
used by investors to assess financial performance and operating results of ongoing business operations and UCP’s management
believes that EBITDA could be useful in evaluating the business, potential operating performance and cash flow of UCP. UCP’s
management included forecasts of unlevered free cash flow in the UCP Projections because UCP’s management believes that
unlevered free cash flow could be useful in evaluating the future cash flows generated by UCP without taking into account debt
servicing costs. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information
presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-GAAP financial measures as presented in this proxy statement/prospectus may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures used by UCP, Century Communities or other companies. The footnotes to the tables below
provide certain supplemental information with respect to the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures. The UCP Projections
were not prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information.
 

-88-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 101/265

Table of Contents

The UCP Projections were not prepared for the purpose of public disclosure. The summary of the UCP Projections is not being
included in this proxy statement/prospectus to influence UCP stockholders with respect to the adoption of the Merger Agreement,
including whether or not to seek appraisal rights with respect to shares of UCP Class A Common Stock held by UCP stockholders. The
inclusion of the UCP Projections in this proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as an indication that any of Century
Communities, UCP or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives or any other recipient of the
UCP Projections considered, or now considers, the forecasts to be material or necessarily predictive of actual future results or events,
and the UCP Projections should not be relied upon as such.

All of the UCP Projections summarized below were prepared by, and are the responsibility of, UCP management. No independent
registered public accounting firm has examined, compiled or otherwise performed any procedures with respect to the prospective
financial information contained in the UCP Projections and, accordingly, no independent registered public accounting firm has
expressed any opinion or given any other form of assurance with respect thereto, and no independent registered public accounting firm
assumes any responsibility for the UCP Projections. The reports of the independent registered public accounting firms incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus relate to Century Communities’ and UCP’s historical financial information. These
reports do not extend to the UCP Projections and should not be read to do so.

While presented with numeric specificity, the UCP Projections were based on numerous variables and assumptions (including,
but not limited to, those related to industry performance and competition and general business, economic, market and financial
conditions and additional matters specific to UCP’s businesses) that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of UCP
management. UCP management prepared the UCP Projections in April 2017 in connection with the negotiation of the proposed
Merger, and UCP management believes the UCP Projections were prepared on a reasonable basis and reflect the best then-currently
available estimates and judgments of UCP management at that time and, to the best of UCP management’s knowledge and belief at that
time, the then-expected course of action and then-expected future financial performance of UCP. For additional information regarding
UCP management’s preparation of the UCP Projections see “—Background of the Merger” beginning on page 57 of this proxy
statement/prospectus. Important factors that may affect actual results and cause the UCP Projections to not be realized include, but are
not limited to, the risks, contingencies and other uncertainties described under “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements” and “Risk Factors” beginning on pages 32 and 34, respectively, of this proxy statement/prospectus. The UCP Projections
are forward-looking in nature. The forecasts relate to expectations of multiple future years’ performance, and such information by its
nature becomes less predictive with each succeeding year. The UCP Projections also reflect numerous variables, expectations and
assumptions available at the time they were prepared as to certain business decisions that are subject to change. As a result, actual
results may differ materially from those contained in the UCP Projections. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forecasted
results summarized below will be realized. None of UCP, Century Communities or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors,
advisors or other representatives has made or makes any representation to any stockholder or other person regarding UCP’s ultimate
performance compared to the information contained in the UCP Projections summarized below, or that the forecasted results will be
achieved. UCP has made no representation to Century Communities, in the Merger Agreement or otherwise, concerning the UCP
Projections. The UCP Projections summarized below do not give effect to the Merger. UCP urges all stockholders to review UCP’s
reported financial results in its most recent SEC filings. Except as may be required under applicable law, UCP does not undertake any
obligation to update or otherwise revise the UCP Projections to reflect events or circumstances after the date the UCP Projections were
made, including events or circumstances that may have occurred during the period between that date and the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions are not
realized.

UCP Projections

The following tables summarize the UCP Projections related to UCP on a stand-alone basis without giving effect to the Merger or
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and were prepared by UCP
 

-89-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 102/265

Table of Contents

management as described above. As noted above and in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “—Background of the
Merger,” the “Base Case” and “Constrained Capital Case” reflect alternative home delivery and leverage scenarios for UCP for fiscal
years 2020 and 2021.

Base Case:
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E    2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  
Total Revenue   $ 404   $ 522   $ 602   $ 725   $ 852 
Gross Margin   $74.8   $94.1   $109.3   $131.2   $154.1 
Pre-Tax Income   $15.9   $26.0   $ 34.7   $ 41.7   $ 52.7 
EBITDA (1)   $ 27   $ 42   $ 53   $ 64   $ 78 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (2)   $ (54)   $ (12)   $ (8)   $ (45)   $ (21) 
Real Estate Inventory   $ 458   $ 500   $ 543   $ 633   $ 706 
Adjusted Real Estate Inventory (3)   $ 438   $ 481   $ 525   $ 618   $ 695 

 
(1) Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (“EBITDA”) is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be

considered as an alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flows or as a
measure of liquidity.

(2) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or
net income as a measure of operating performance or cash flows or as a measure of liquidity. For purposes of the UCP
Projections, unlevered free cash flow is defined as EBITDA, less depreciation and amortization and income tax expense, plus
depreciation and amortization, less capital expenditures, increases/(decreases) in real estate inventory (excluding capitalized
interest) and (increases)/decreases in net working capital (excluding real estate inventory).

(3) For purposes of the UCP Projections, adjusted real estate inventory is defined as real estate inventory less capitalized interest at
the end of the projection period.

Constrained Capital Case:
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E    2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  
Total Revenue   $ 404   $ 522   $ 602   $ 667   $ 747 
Gross Margin   $74.8   $94.1   $109.3   $120.6   $134.7 
Pre-Tax Income   $15.9   $26.0   $ 34.7   $ 38.3   $ 45.8 
EBITDA   $ 27   $ 42   $ 53   $ 58   $ 68 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (54)   $ (12)   $ (8)   $ (7)   $ (9) 
Real Estate Inventory   $ 458   $ 500   $ 543   $ 588   $ 641 
Adjusted Real Estate Inventory   $ 438   $ 481   $ 525   $ 572   $ 628 

 
-90-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 103/265

Table of Contents

Reconciliations of non-GAAP financial measures used in the UCP Projections to the most directly comparable GAAP measures
are provided below:

Base Case:
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E 
Operating Income   $ 26   $ 41   $ 52   $ 62   $ 77 
Depreciation & Amortization   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1 

          
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

EBITDA   $ 27   $ 42   $ 53   $ 64   $ 78 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Operating Income   $ 26   $ 41   $ 52   $ 62   $ 77 
Income Tax Expense   $ (10)   $ (16)   $ (20)   $ (24)   $ (30) 
Depreciation & Amortization   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1 
Capital Expenditures   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (2) 
Increase/(Decrease) in Real Estate Inventory (1)   $ (82)   $ (43)   $ (44)   $ (93)   $ (77) 
(Increase)/Decrease in Net Working Capital (2)   $ 12   $ 5   $ 5   $ 10   $ 8 

          
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (54)   $ (12)   $ (8)   $ (45)   $ (21) 
          

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
(1) Excluding capitalized interest.
(2) Excluding real estate inventory.

Constrained Capital Case:
 

   For the Years Ending December 31,  
(amounts in millions)   2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E 
Operating Income   $ 26   $ 41   $ 52   $ 57   $ 67 
Depreciation & Amortization   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1 

          
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

EBITDA   $ 27   $ 42   $ 53   $ 58   $ 68 
          

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Operating Income   $ 26   $ 41   $ 52   $ 57   $ 67 
Income Tax Expense   $ (10)   $ (16)   $ (20)   $ (22)   $ (26) 
Depreciation & Amortization   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1   $ 1 
Capital Expenditures   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (1)   $ (1) 
Increase/(Decrease) in Real Estate Inventory (1)   $ (82)   $ (43)   $ (44)   $ (47)   $ (56) 
(Increase)/Decrease in Net Working Capital (2)   $ 12   $ 5   $ 5   $ 5   $ 6 

          
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (54)   $ (12)   $ (8)   $ (7)   $ (9) 
          

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
(1) Excluding capitalized interest.
(2) Excluding real estate inventory.

UCP DOES NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE UCP PROJECTIONS SET FORTH ABOVE
TO REFLECT EVENTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES AFTER THE DATE THEY WERE MADE, INCLUDING EVENTS OR
CIRCUMSTANCES THAT MAY HAVE OCCURRED DURING THE PERIOD BETWEEN THAT DATE AND THE DATE
OF THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF UNANTICIPATED EVENTS,
EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THESE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL
PROJECTIONS ARE NOT REALIZED.
 

-91-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 104/265

Table of Contents

Interests of Certain UCP Directors and Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the UCP Board that UCP stockholders vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement
and FOR the adjournment proposal, UCP stockholders should be aware and take into account the fact that certain UCP directors and
executive officers have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of UCP stockholders generally
and that may create potential conflicts of interests. Specifically, (i) Mr. Bogue will be entitled to a one-time transaction bonus equal to
$1,972,639, paid 60 days after the closing of the Merger, and may be entitled to up to $1.4 million in accelerated vesting of restricted
stock units and $530,000 in cash severance if terminated without “cause” or if he resigns for “good reason” following such closing
(plus a COBRA subsidy for 12 months following termination), and (ii) Mr. Pirrello, if terminated without “cause” or if he resigns for
“good reason” after such closing, may be entitled to up to $953 thousand in accelerated vesting of restricted stock units and $1,126,726
in cash severance (plus a COBRA subsidy for 12 months following termination). The directors and executive officers of UCP will also
be entitled to certain indemnification rights under the Merger Agreement.

The UCP Board was aware of and carefully considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating the terms and structure,
and overseeing the negotiation of, the Merger, in approving the Merger Agreement and in recommending that the UCP stockholders
vote FOR the adoption of the merger agreement and FOR the adjournment proposal. All of the independent and disinterested UCP
directors approved the Merger Agreement and made the foregoing recommendations.

UCP’s current named executive officers (who also constitute all of its executive officers) are Dustin L. Bogue, President and
Chief Executive Officer, and James M. Pirrello, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer.

UCP Equity Awards

As described in the sections entitled “—Treatment of UCP Equity Awards” and “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of UCP
Equity Awards” below, at the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding option to purchase shares of UCP Class A Common Stock,
whether vested or unvested, shall, without any further action on the part of the holder, be converted into an option to purchase a
number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock equal to the number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock underlying
such option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger multiplied by the Equity Award Exchange Ratio (as defined below)
(rounded down to the nearest whole share), with an exercise price equal to the exercise price applicable to such option immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger divided by the Equity Award Exchange Ratio (rounded up to the nearest whole cent). Each
such converted option shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to the Merger (including
vesting terms, conditions, and schedules). As noted below in the section entitled “—CEO Employment Agreement Amendment,”
Mr. Bogue has agreed to forfeit all of his outstanding stock options, whether vested or unvested, upon the closing of the Merger. In
addition, pursuant to amendments to employment agreements of certain UCP employees that will become effective as of, and are
subject to and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Merger, all of the remaining outstanding options to purchase shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock, whether vested or unvested, will be canceled for no consideration upon the consummation of the Merger.

In addition, each outstanding restricted stock unit with respect to a share of UCP Class A Common Stock shall, without any
further action on the part of the holder, be converted into a restricted stock unit with respect to a number of shares of Century
Communities Common Stock equal to the number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock underlying such award immediately prior
to the effective time of the Merger multiplied by the Equity Award Exchange Ratio. Each such converted restricted stock unit shall be
subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable immediately prior to the merger (including vesting terms, conditions, and
schedules). However, as noted below in the section entitled “—CEO Employment Agreement Amendment,” Century Communities and
Mr. Bogue have agreed to a modified vesting schedule for Mr. Bogue’s outstanding unvested restricted stock units. Pursuant to the
terms of Mr. Bogue’s and Mr. Pirrello’s restricted stock unit
 

-92-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 105/265

Table of Contents

award agreements, each of Mr. Bogue and Mr. Pirrello are entitled to full vesting of their unvested restricted stock units upon a
termination without “cause” or resignation for “good reason”; based on the average closing sale price of a share of Century
Communities Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on and including June 20, 2017,
the value of such accelerated vesting (after giving effect to the conversion of such restricted stock units as described above) for
Mr. Bogue and Mr. Pirrello would be $1.4 million and $953 thousand, respectively.

The “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the sum of (i) 0.2309 (the Stock Exchange Ratio) plus (ii) the quotient obtained by
dividing (a) $5.32 (the cash consideration) by (b) the average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as
reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately
preceding the closing date of the Merger, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth.

CEO Employment Agreement Amendment

On April 10, 2017, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, UCP entered into an employment
agreement amendment (which we refer to as the “CEO Employment Agreement Amendment”) with Mr. Bogue. The CEO Employment
Agreement Amendment will become effective as of, and is subject to and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Merger.

Under the CEO Employment Agreement Amendment, Mr. Bogue’s current employment agreement will remain in effect, except
that:
 

 
•  Mr. Bogue’s new title will be Regional President – West, and he no longer will have a contractual right to report to the board

of directors;
 

 
•  Mr. Bogue’s annual cash incentive bonus in respect of the 2017 fiscal year will be determined in accordance with the annual

performance goals or objectives established as of immediately prior to the closing of the Merger;
 

 

•  The current vesting schedule for Mr. Bogue’s 124,409 unvested restricted stock units (which currently vest in calendar years
2018 through 2022) will instead vest (after giving effect to their conversion as described above) in three installments as
follows: 30,201 of such restricted stock units will vest on the 60th day following the closing of the Merger; 56,544 of such
restricted stock units will vest on the first anniversary of the 60th day following the closing of the Merger; and 37,664 of
such restricted stock units will vest on the second anniversary of the 60th day following the closing of the Merger. As
described above, Mr. Bogue’s restricted stock units will also vest in full upon a termination without “cause” or resignation
for “good reason”;

 

 
•  Mr. Bogue will receive a one-time transaction bonus 60 days following the closing of the Merger, equal to three times the

sum of his current base salary and average annual bonus for the past three completed fiscal years (such bonus equal to
$1,972,639 in total);

 

 
•  As described above, any options to purchase UCP Class A Common Stock, whether vested or unvested, that Mr. Bogue

holds at the effective time of the Merger shall be canceled for no consideration; and
 

 

•  Mr. Bogue’s “change in control” severance arrangements will be eliminated, such that following any termination without
“cause” or resignation for “good reason,” Mr. Bogue will be entitled to receive, subject to a release, (i) a severance payment
equal to one times his respective base salary, which is currently $530,000 per year (or, in the event of a resignation for “good
reason” and if higher, his base salary prior to the event constituting “good reason”), and (ii) a subsidy for any Consolidated
Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (which we refer to as “COBRA”) contribution coverage premiums
for 12 months. Under his current employment agreement, upon a termination without “cause” or resignation for “good
reason” within two years following a “change in control,” Mr. Bogue would have been entitled to a severance payment equal
to three times the sum of his base

 
-93-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 106/265

Table of Contents

 
salary and average of his annual bonuses for the three previous fiscal years (or, if such termination occurred absent a
“change in control,” two times the sum of his base salary and target annual bonus), and Mr. Bogue would have been entitled
to a COBRA subsidy for 24 months following termination.

CFO Severance Benefits

Pursuant to his employment agreement with UCP, upon a termination without “cause” or a resignation for “good reason” within
two years following a “change in control”, Mr. Pirrello is entitled to a lump sum severance payment, subject to a release, equal to two
times the sum of his base salary and average of his annual bonuses for the three previous fiscal years (such severance payment
currently equal to $1,126,726 in total), plus a COBRA subsidy for 12 months following termination.

Indemnification and Insurance

Under the Merger Agreement, Century Communities and Merger Sub are required to honor all of UCP’s obligations to exculpate,
indemnify (including to advance expenses), defend or hold harmless the current and former UCP directors and officers in accordance
with the terms of the UCP Charter, UCP Bylaws and any individual indemnification agreements or other applicable documents from
the effective time of the Merger until the expiration of the applicable statute of limitations with to respect to any claims against such
persons relating to acts or omissions by such persons before the effective time of the Merger. Century Communities has further agreed
to cause UCP’s directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies to be maintained for a period of six years after the effective time of
the Merger, subject to certain terms and conditions in the Merger Agreement. In addition, Century Communities agreed in the Merger
Agreement that, at UCP’s option, UCP may purchase before the effective time of the Merger a six-year prepaid “tail” policy, in which
case Century Communities is required to cause such coverage to remain in full force and effect for its full term.

Board of Directors and Management Following the Merger

Upon consummation of the Merger, the board of directors and executive officers of Century Communities are expected to remain
unchanged. For information on Century Communities’ current directors and executive officers, please see Century Communities’
proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of stockholder filed with the SEC on March 29, 2017. See “Where You Can Find More
Information” beginning on page 152.

Treatment of UCP Equity Awards

At the effective time of the Merger:
 

 

•  each option, referred to as the UCP option, to purchase shares of UCP Class A Common Stock that is outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will automatically, and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, be converted into an option to purchase shares of Century Communities Common Stock, referred to as an “adjusted
option,” on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such UCP option immediately prior to the effective time
of the Merger (including vesting terms, conditions and schedules), with the number of shares of Century Communities
Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares) subject to such adjusted option equal to the product
of (i) the total number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock underlying such UCP option immediately prior to the
effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) the “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” (as defined in the Merger Agreement and
described below), and with the exercise price applicable to such adjusted option to equal the quotient (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent) obtained by dividing (a) the exercise price per share applicable to such UCP option immediately prior to
the effective time of the Merger, by (b) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio; and

 

 
•  each restricted stock unit with respect to a share of UCP Class A Common Stock, referred to as a UCP restricted stock unit,

that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will
 

-94-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 107/265

Table of Contents

 

automatically, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into a restricted stock unit award with
respect to a share of Century Communities Common Stock, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable under
such UCP restricted stock unit immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (including vesting and settlement terms,
conditions and schedules), and relating to the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock equal to the
product of (i) the number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock subject to such UCP restricted stock unit immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares
rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock.

The “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the sum of (i) 0.2309 (the Stock Exchange Ratio) plus (ii) the quotient obtained by
dividing (a) $5.32 (the cash consideration) by (b) the average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as
reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately
preceding the closing date of the Merger, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth.

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, UCP entered into amendments to employment
agreements (which we refer to as the “Employment Agreement Amendments”) with certain employees of UCP. The Employment
Agreement Amendments will become effective as of, and are subject to and conditioned upon, the consummation of the Merger. Under
the Employment Agreement Amendments, such employees of UCP agreed to forfeit all of their outstanding UCP Options, whether
vested or unvested, upon the closing of the Merger. The UCP Options which are subject to the Employment Agreement Amendments
represent all of the outstanding UCP Options as of the date of the Merger Agreement.

For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of UCP Equity Awards” beginning on page 113 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The following is a discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the exchange of shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock for a combination of shares of Century Communities Common Stock and cash pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

This discussion addresses only “U.S. holders” of UCP Class A Common Stock, meaning persons who hold that stock as a capital
asset and are “U.S. persons,” as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For these purposes a “U.S. person” is:
 

 •  an individual citizen or resident of the United States as defined for U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 

 
•  a corporation (or any other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or

under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 

 •  an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
 

 
•  a trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States, if one or more U.S. persons have the

authority to control all of its substantial decisions, or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury regulations
to be treated as a U.S. person.

This discussion does not address any non-income tax or any foreign, state or local tax consequences of the Merger. This
discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to a U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common
Stock in light of that U.S. holder’s particular circumstances or to a U.S. holder subject to special rules (such as a financial institution, a
broker or dealer in securities, an insurance company, a regulated investment company, a real estate investment trust, a tax-exempt
organization, a person who holds UCP Class A Common Stock as part of a hedging or conversion transaction or as part of a short-sale
 

-95-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 108/265

Table of Contents

or straddle, a partnership or other pass-through entity for U.S. federal income tax purposes or a person who acquired UCP Class A
Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of options or otherwise as compensation). This discussion is based on the Code, applicable
Treasury regulations, administrative interpretations and court decisions, each as in effect as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus and all of which are subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect.

If a partnership (or an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds UCP Class A
Common Stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of
the partnership. Any partnership or entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes that holds UCP
Class A Common Stock, and the partners in such partnership, are urged to consult their own tax advisors.

HOLDERS ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX
CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE MERGER, INCLUDING THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL,
STATE, LOCAL AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS IN LIGHT OF THEIR PARTICULAR
CIRCUMSTANCES.

General

It is a condition to completion of the Merger that Paul, Weiss, tax counsel to UCP, and Greenberg Traurig, tax counsel to Century
Communities, each deliver an opinion to both UCP and Century Communities, dated the closing date of the Merger, to the effect that
the Merger will qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Each party may waive the requirement to receive such opinions as a condition to each party’s obligation to complete the Merger, but if
the requirement to receive such opinions is waived after the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the UCP stockholders, then the
approval of the UCP stockholders must be resolicited. Neither UCP nor Century Communities intends to waive this condition.

The tax opinions regarding the Merger will not address any state, local or foreign tax consequences of the Merger. The opinions
will be based on certain assumptions and representations as to factual matters from Century Communities and UCP, as well as certain
covenants and undertakings by Century Communities and UCP, substantially in the forms of the letters set forth in the disclosure
schedules to the Merger Agreement. If any of the assumptions, representations, covenants or undertakings is incorrect, incomplete,
inaccurate or is violated prior to the effective time of the Merger, one or both of the opinions may not be delivered and, if delivered, the
conclusions reached by counsel in their opinions cannot be relied upon. In such case, the tax consequences of the Merger could differ
from those described in this proxy statement/prospectus. Neither Century Communities nor UCP is currently aware of, or expects there
to be, any facts or circumstances that would cause any of the assumptions, representations, covenants or undertakings set forth in the
forms of the letters set forth in the disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement to be incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate or violated.

An opinion of counsel represents such counsel’s best legal judgment but is not binding on the IRS or any court, so there can be no
certainty that the IRS will not challenge the conclusions reflected in the opinion or that a court would not sustain such a challenge.
Neither UCP nor Century Communities intends to obtain a private letter ruling from the IRS on the tax consequences of the Merger. If
the IRS were to successfully challenge the “reorganization” status of the Merger, a U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock would
recognize taxable gain or loss in full for U.S. federal income tax purposes upon the exchange of UCP Class A Common Stock for a
combination of Century Communities Common Stock and cash in the Merger.

Assuming that the Merger qualifies as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, the U.S. federal
income tax consequences to U.S. holders of UCP Class A Common Stock who receive a combination of shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock and cash in the Merger generally will be as follows.
 

-96-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 109/265

Table of Contents

Exchange of UCP Class A Common Stock for a Combination of Century Communities Common Stock and Cash

Except as discussed in “—Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares,” a U.S. holder who surrenders shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock in exchange for a combination of Century Communities Common Stock and cash generally will recognize gain (but not loss)
equal to the lesser of:
 

 
(1) the excess, if any, of the cash plus the fair market value of any Century Communities Common Stock received (including

such fractional share for which cash was paid) in the Merger, over such U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of
UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered by such U.S. holder in the Merger, and

 

 
(2) the cash received by such U.S. holder in the Merger (other than cash received in lieu of any fractional share of Century

Communities Common Stock).

In the case of any U.S. holder who acquired different blocks of UCP Class A Common Stock at different times and at different
prices, any realized gain or loss will be determined separately for each identifiable block of shares surrendered in the Merger, and a loss
realized on the exchange of one block of shares cannot be used to offset a gain realized on the exchange of another block of shares.
Any such U.S. holder is urged to consult its tax advisor prior to the exchange with regard to identifying the bases or holding periods of
the particular shares of UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered in the Merger.

Any gain recognized generally will be long-term capital gain if the U.S. holder held the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock
for more than one year at the effective time of the Merger. Long-term capital gains of an individual generally are subject to favorable
rates of U.S. federal income tax. In some limited cases where the U.S. holder actually or constructively owns Century Communities
Common Stock before the Merger, such gain may be treated as having the effect of the distribution of a dividend to such U.S. holder
under the tests set forth in Section 302 of the Code, in which case such gain would be treated as dividend income. These rules are
complex and dependent upon the specific factual circumstances particular to each U.S. holder. Consequently, each U.S. holder that may
be subject to these rules is urged to consult its tax advisor as to their application to the particular facts relevant to such U.S. holder.

Generally, a U.S. holder’s aggregate tax basis in the Century Communities Common Stock received by such U.S. holder in the
Merger, including any fractional share deemed received by the U.S. holder under the treatment discussed below in “—Cash in Lieu of
Fractional Shares,” will equal such U.S. holder’s aggregate tax basis in the UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered in the Merger,
increased by the amount of taxable gain or dividend income, if any, recognized by such U.S. holder in the Merger (other than with
respect to any gain recognized on the receipt of cash in lieu of any fractional share of UCP Class A Common Stock), and decreased by
the amount of cash, if any, received by such U.S. holder in the Merger (other than any cash received in lieu of any fractional share of
Century Communities Common Stock). The holding period for the shares of Century Communities Common Stock received in the
Merger, including any fractional share deemed received by the U.S. holder under the treatment discussed below in “—Cash in Lieu of
Fractional Shares,” generally will include the holding period for the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock exchanged therefor.

Cash in Lieu of Fractional Shares

No fractional shares will be issued to holders of UCP Class A Common Stock in the Merger. A U.S. holder that receives cash in
lieu of any fractional share of Century Communities Common Stock in the Merger will generally be treated as having received the
fractional share in the Merger and then as having exchanged the fractional share for cash. As a result, a U.S. holder that receives cash
in lieu of any fractional share of Century Communities Common Stock in connection with the Merger will generally recognize capital
gain or loss measured by the difference between the cash received for such fractional share and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in the
fractional share. Any capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder
 

-97-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 110/265

Table of Contents

held the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock for more than one year at the effective time of the Merger. The deductibility of capital
losses is subject to limitations. Currently, long-term capital gains of an individual generally are subject to favorable rates of U.S.
federal income tax.

Exchange of UCP Class A Common Stock Solely for Cash Pursuant to Stockholder Appraisal Rights under Delaware Law

A U.S. holder who properly exercises its appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL and surrenders all of its shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock solely in exchange for cash in the Merger generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference
between the amount of cash received by such U.S. holder and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the UCP Class A Common Stock
exchanged therefor.

Any capital gain or loss generally will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder held the shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock for more than one year at the effective time of the Merger. Long-term capital gains of an individual generally are
subject to favorable rates of U.S. federal income tax. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Backup withholding, at a rate of 28%, may apply with respect to certain payments unless the holder of the UCP Class A Common
Stock receiving such payments (1) is an exempt holder (including corporations, tax-exempt organizations, qualified pension and profit-
sharing trusts and individual retirement accounts) who, when required, provides certification as to its status; or (2) provides a certificate
containing the holder’s name, address, correct U.S. federal taxpayer identification number and a statement that the holder is exempt
from backup withholding. Additional information regarding the required certifications will be provided in the Letter of Transmittal to
holders of UCP Class A Common Stock shortly before the effective time of the Merger.

A U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock who does not provide Century Communities (or the Exchange Agent) with its
correct taxpayer identification number may be subject to penalties imposed by the IRS. Backup withholding is not an additional tax.
Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be allowed as a refund or credit against the U.S. holder’s U.S. federal
income tax liability, provided that the holder timely furnishes certain required information to the IRS.

Reporting Requirements

Each U.S. holder of UCP Class A Common Stock who receives shares of Century Communities Common Stock in the Merger is
required to retain records pertaining to the Merger pursuant to Treasury regulations Section 1.368-3(d). U.S. holders who hold 5
percent or more (by vote or value) of the UCP Class A Common Stock immediately prior to the Merger or who hold UCP Class A
Common Stock with a basis of $1 million or more will also generally be required to file a statement that contains the information listed
in Treasury regulations Section 1.368-3(b) with their U.S. federal income tax returns for the year of the Merger. Such statement must
include the U.S. holder’s basis in the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock surrendered in the Merger and other information regarding
the Merger.

Medicare Net Investment Income Tax

A U.S. holder that is an individual or estate, or a trust that does not fall into a special class of trusts that is exempt from such tax,
is subject to a 3.8% tax on the lesser of:
 

 
(1) the U.S. holder’s “net investment income” (or “undistributed net investment income” in the case of an estate or trust) for

the relevant taxable year, and
 

 
(2) the excess of the U.S. holder’s modified adjusted gross income for the taxable year (or the U.S. holder’s adjusted gross

income in the case of an estate or trust) over a certain threshold (which in the
 

-98-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 111/265

Table of Contents

 case of individuals is between $125,000 and $250,000, depending on the individual’s circumstances).

For this purpose, net investment income generally includes dividend and net capital gain income, for example, net capital gain
recognized with respect to a disposition of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock in the Merger, unless such dividend income or net
gain is derived in the ordinary course of the conduct of a trade or business (other than a trade or business that consists of certain passive
or trading activities). If you are a U.S. holder that is an individual, estate or trust, you are urged to consult your tax advisors regarding
the applicability of the net investment income tax with respect to your disposition of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock in the
Merger.

Consequences to Century Communities, UCP, and Merger Sub

None of Century Communities, UCP, or Merger Sub will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
result of the Merger.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

The Merger will be accounted for in accordance with GAAP. GAAP requires the Merger to be accounted for using the acquisition
method pursuant to which Century Communities has been determined to be the acquirer for accounting purposes. As required by the
acquisition method, Century Communities will record UCP’s tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and liabilities
assumed based on their fair values at the acquisition date. The excess of consideration transferred (i.e. purchase price) over the fair
value of net assets acquired will be recognized as goodwill. Goodwill is not amortized, but is tested for impairment at least annually or
more frequently if circumstances indicate potential impairment. The operating results of UCP will be reported as part of the combined
company beginning on the closing date of the Merger. The final valuation of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets acquired and
liabilities assumed has not yet been completed. The completion of the valuation upon consummation of the Merger could result in
significantly different amortization expenses and balance sheet classifications than those presented in Century Communities’ unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information included in this proxy statement/prospectus.

Regulatory Approvals Required to Complete the Merger

Century Communities and UCP have determined that the Merger is not subject to requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and no other governmental consents to the Merger is required. The Merger may require that
notifications be given to governmental agencies that have issued licenses that are held by UCP and its subsidiaries, and other
governmental agencies. The shares of Century Communities Common Stock that will be issued to UCP stockholders as a result of the
Merger must be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

A putative class action lawsuit (captioned: Joseph Tola v. UCP, Inc., Michael C. Cortney, Dustin L. Bogue, Eric H. Speron, Peter
H. Lori, Kathleen R. Wade, Maxim C.W. Webb, Century Communities, Inc. and Casa Acquisition Corp., Case No. 5:17-cv-02713,
United States District Court, Northern District of California) was filed on May 10, 2017, purportedly on behalf of UCP stockholders,
against UCP and the individually named directors, all of whom are the directors of UCP. Century Communities and Merger Sub are
also named as defendants. The complaint alleges claims under Section 14(a) of the Exchange Act, and Rule 14a-9 promulgated
thereunder, as well as claims under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act. Plaintiff alleges that this proxy statement/prospectus omits to
include certain information and seeks to enjoin the Merger, rescission in the event the Merger is consummated or an award of
rescissory damages, and an award of plaintiff’s attorney’s fees and costs of the litigation.
 

-99-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 112/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities and UCP are disclosing in this proxy statement/prospectus certain additional information (which we refer
to as the “Supplemental Disclosures”) in response to plaintiff’s complaint and solely for the purpose of rendering moot the allegations
contained therein. The defendants deny all of the allegations set forth by plaintiff in the complaint and deny any alleged violations of
law. The Supplemental Disclosures should be read in conjunction with this proxy statement/prospectus, which we urge you to read in
its entirety. With respect to plaintiff’s complaint, the defendants deny that this proxy statement/prospectus contained, prior to the
amendment containing the Supplemental Disclosures, any material misstatements or omissions, and deny that any further supplemental
disclosure was required to be made under any applicable rule, statute, regulation or law. The defendants deny and have not admitted
wrongdoing of any kind, including, but not limited to, alleged inadequacies in any disclosure contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus, the materiality of any disclosure that the plaintiff alleges should have been made in this proxy
statement/prospectus, or any violation of any federal or state law. The defendants believe that this proxy statement/prospectus
disclosed, prior to the amendment containing the Supplemental Disclosures, all material information necessary for holders of UCP
Common Stock to make a fully informed voting decision, and the defendants deny that the Supplemental Disclosures are material or
are otherwise required by any federal or state law.

Plaintiff and defendants, through their respective counsel, entered into a memorandum of understanding, dated June 21, 2017,
pursuant to which, among other things, plaintiff has agreed to voluntarily withdraw and dismiss with prejudice his individual claims in
the above-referenced lawsuit and to terminate all asserted claims therein in connection with the Supplemental Disclosures made in this
proxy statement/prospectus.

Exchange of Shares in the Merger

The conversion of UCP Class A Common Stock into the right to receive the Merger Consideration will occur automatically at the
effective time of the Merger. Century Communities has designated U.S. Bank as the Exchange Agent and will enter into an exchange
agent agreement with the Exchange Agent reasonably acceptable to UCP providing for the Exchange Agent to handle the exchange of
certificates or book-entry shares representing shares of UCP Class A Common Stock for the Merger Consideration. Century
Communities will deliver to the Exchange Agent as needed the cash and shares of Century Communities Common Stock comprising
the Merger Consideration payable in respect of UCP Class A Common Stock. As promptly as practicable after the effective time of the
Merger, Century Communities will instruct the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of UCP Class A Common Stock a
letter of transmittal specifying that delivery will be effected and risk of loss and title to any certificates representing shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock shall pass only upon delivery of such certificates to the Exchange Agent. The letter of transmittal will also
include instructions explaining the procedure for surrendering UCP stock certificates or transferring uncertificated shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock in exchange for the Merger Consideration.

UCP stockholders who submit a duly executed letter of transmittal, together with their stock certificates or a lost stock certificate
affidavit (in the case of certificated shares) or other evidence of transfer requested by the Exchange Agent (in the case of book-entry
shares), will receive the Merger Consideration into which the shares of UCP Class A Common Stock were converted in the Merger.
UCP stockholders will not receive any fractional shares of Century Communities Common Stock and will instead receive cash in lieu
of any such fractional shares in an amount, without interest, rounded up to the nearest whole cent, equal to the product of (i) the
fraction of a share of Century Communities Common Stock to which such holder otherwise would have been entitled to receive,
multiplied by (ii) the average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the
five consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the
Merger.

After the effective time of the Merger, shares of UCP Class A Common Stock will automatically be converted or canceled as
provided in the Merger Agreement and will cease to exist, and certificates that previously represented shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock will represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration as described above. Until holders of UCP Class A Common
Stock have surrendered their shares to the Exchange Agent for exchange, those holders will not receive dividends or distributions
declared or made with
 

-100-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 113/265

Table of Contents

respect to shares of Century Communities Common Stock with a record date after the effective time of the Merger. However, upon the
surrender of their shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, such holders will receive the amount of dividends, without interest, or other
distributions with respect to shares of Century Communities Common Stock theretofore paid with a record date after the effective time
of the Merger.

If there is a transfer of ownership of UCP Class A Common Stock that is not registered in the records of UCP, payment of the
Merger Consideration as described above will be made to a person other than the person in whose name the certificate or uncertificated
share so surrendered is registered only if the certificate is properly endorsed or otherwise is in proper form for transfer or the
uncertificated share is properly transferred, and the person requesting the payment must pay to the Exchange Agent any transfer or
other similar taxes required as a result of such payment or satisfy the Exchange Agent that any transfer or other similar taxes have been
paid or that no payment of those taxes is necessary.

Dividends and Share Repurchases

Neither Century Communities nor UCP currently pays a quarterly dividend on their respective capital stock. Under the terms of
the Merger Agreement, until the effective time of the Merger, neither Century Communities nor UCP is permitted to declare, set aside
or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock or to purchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of its capital stock, subject to certain exceptions, including acquiring shares of either company’s capital stock
delivered to that company to pay the exercise price or tax withholding obligations under any option or restricted stock unit, and, in the
case of Century Communities, repurchases of Century Communities Common Stock under its existing stock repurchase program.

Listing of Shares of Century Communities Common Stock and Delisting and Deregistration of UCP Class A Common Stock

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Century Communities is required to use all reasonable efforts to cause the shares of
Century Communities Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE prior to the effective time of
the Merger, subject to official notice of issuance. Accordingly, application will be made to have the shares of Century Communities
Common Stock to be issued in the Merger approved for listing on the NYSE, where shares of Century Communities Common Stock
are currently listed for trading under the ticker symbol “CCS.”

If the Merger is completed, there will no longer be any publicly held shares of UCP Class A Common Stock. Accordingly, UCP
Class A Common Stock will no longer be listed on NYSE and will be deregistered under the Exchange Act.

Appraisal Rights

Pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL, UCP stockholders who do not vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement, who
continuously hold their shares of UCP Class A Common Stock through the effective time of the Merger and who otherwise comply
with the applicable requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of UCP
Common Stock, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, if the Merger is completed. The “fair value” of shares of UCP
Common Stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery could be greater than, the same as, or less than the value of the
Merger Consideration that UCP stockholders would otherwise be entitled to receive under the terms of the Merger Agreement.

The right to seek appraisal will be lost if a UCP stockholder votes FOR adoption of the Merger Agreement. However, abstaining
or voting against adoption of the Merger Agreement is not in itself sufficient to perfect appraisal rights because additional actions must
also be taken to perfect such rights.

UCP stockholders who wish to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares must so advise UCP by submitting a written
demand for appraisal prior to the taking of the vote on the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting, and must otherwise follow
the procedures prescribed by Section 262 of the DGCL. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of UCP Class A Common Stock
held of record in the name of another person, such as a
 

-101-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 114/265

Table of Contents

nominee or intermediary, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps required by Section 262 of the DGCL and in
a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights. In view of the complexity of Section 262 of the DGCL, UCP stockholders that may wish to
pursue appraisal rights are urged to consult their legal and financial advisors. In addition, under Section 262 of the DGCL, the
Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss any appraisal proceedings as to all stockholders who have perfected their appraisal rights
unless (i) the total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, or
(ii) the value of the Merger Consideration provided in the Merger Agreement for the total number of shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock entitled to appraisal exceeds $1 million. See “Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 143 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Corporate Headquarters

Century Communities’ principal executive offices are located at 8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650, Greenwood Village,
Colorado 80111. Its main telephone number is (303) 770-8300.
 

-102-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 115/265

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following section summarizes material provisions of the Merger Agreement, which is included in this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A, is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety, and qualifies the following summary in its entirety.
The rights and obligations of Century Communities, Merger Sub, and UCP, as parties to the Merger Agreement, are governed by the
Merger Agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. UCP stockholders are urged to read the Merger Agreement carefully and in its entirety, as well as this proxy
statement/prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, before making any decisions
regarding the proposals.

The following summary of the Merger Agreement is included in this proxy statement/prospectus to provide you with information
regarding the terms of the Merger Agreement and is not intended to provide any factual information about Century Communities or
UCP. Such information can be found elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the other public filings Century Communities
and UCP, respectively, have made and will make with the SEC. See “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties and covenants by each of the parties to the Merger Agreement.
These representations and warranties have been made by UCP solely for the benefit of Century Communities, on the one hand, and by
Century Communities and Merger Sub, solely for the benefit of UCP, on the other hand, and:
 

 
•  may not be intended as statements of fact, but rather as a way of allocating risk between Century Communities and UCP in

the event the statements therein prove to be inaccurate;
 

 
•  have been qualified in important respects by confidential disclosures that were exchanged between Century Communities

and UCP at the time they entered into the Merger Agreement, which disclosures are not reflected in the Merger Agreement
itself; and

 

 
•  may apply standards of materiality in a way that is different from the standard of materiality that is applicable to disclosures

to investors.

Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement and
described below may have changed since the date of the Merger Agreement, and subsequent developments or new information
qualifying a representation or warranty may have been included in this proxy statement/prospectus. In addition, if specific material
facts arise that contradict the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement, each of Century Communities and UCP, as
applicable, will disclose those material facts in public filings that it makes with the SEC if it determines that it has a legal obligation to
do so. Accordingly, the representations and warranties and other provisions of the Merger Agreement should not be read alone, but
instead should be read together with the information provided elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 152 of
this proxy statement/prospectus.

Structure and Effect of the Merger

The Merger Agreement provides that Century Communities will acquire UCP, UCP’s separate corporate existence will cease to
exist and UCP will no longer be a publicly traded company. Specifically, in the Merger, UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub,
with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Century Communities.

The forward triangular Merger structure was viewed by Century Communities and UCP as an important element in creating the
tax effects of the Merger described in the section entitled “Proposal I: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.”
 

-103-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 116/265

Table of Contents

From and after the effective time of the Merger, all of the rights, privileges, powers, franchises, properties, liabilities, duties and
debts previously in the name of and owned by, belonging to, and owed and owing to, UCP, will be in the name of and owned by,
belong to, and be owed and owing to, Merger Sub (as the surviving corporation of the Merger).

From and after the effective time of the Merger, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately
prior to the effective time of the Merger will remain the certificate of incorporation and bylaws, respectively, of Merger Sub, as the
surviving corporation of the Merger until amended, modified or replaced in accordance with the certificate of incorporation or bylaws
of Merger Sub and Delaware law, and the directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger
will be the directors and officers, respectively, of Merger Sub, as the surviving corporation of the Merger until his or her successor has
been elected and qualified, subject to his or her earlier death, resignation or removal.

Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the Merger, each share of UCP Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the Merger, except for any (i) shares held by UCP in its treasury, (ii) shares owned by Century Communities or any
subsidiary of Century Communities or UCP, and (iii) shares with respect to which appraisal rights have been properly demanded in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, which will have the rights described in “Appraisal Rights,” beginning on page 143 of this
proxy statement/prospectus, will be converted into the right to receive, (a) $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon, and (b) 0.2309 of
a validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable share of Century Communities Common Stock; provided, that UCP stockholders will
not receive any fractional shares of Century Communities Common Stock and will instead receive cash in lieu of any such fractional
shares in an amount, without interest, rounded up to the nearest whole cent, equal to the product of (x) the fraction of a share of
Century Communities Common Stock to which such holder otherwise would have been entitled to receive, multiplied by (y) the
average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading
days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the Merger. Shares of UCP
Class B Common Stock outstanding at the effective time of the Merger, if any, will be canceled for no consideration.

No adjustment will be made to the Stock Exchange Ratio of 0.2309 of a share of Century Communities Common Stock payable
in the Merger to the holders of UCP Class A Common Stock due to any increase or decrease, as applicable, to the price of a share of
Century Communities Common Stock at any time from and after April 10, 2017 (the date of the execution of the Merger Agreement).
However, if, between April 10, 2017 and the effective time of the Merger, the outstanding shares of Century Communities Common
Stock have been changed into a different number of shares or a different series or class of shares of capital stock of Century
Communities by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination, recombination, exchange of shares or
adjustment, or a stock dividend thereon shall be declared with a record date within such period, the Stock Exchange Ratio and related
provisions will be appropriately and proportionately adjusted.

Representations and Warranties

The Merger Agreement contains substantially reciprocal representations and warranties of Century Communities and Merger Sub,
on the one hand, and UCP, on the other hand, regarding, among other things:
 

 •  due organization, valid existence, good standing and qualification to do business, and corporate power and authority;
 

 •  capitalization, and capitalization and ownership of subsidiaries;
 

 
•  corporate authorization of the Merger Agreement and the Merger and the valid, binding and enforceable nature of the

Merger Agreement;
 

-104-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 117/265

Table of Contents

 

•  the absence of any conflict with, or violation of, or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or right of
termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation or loss of a benefit under, or creation of any pledge, claim, lien,
charge, encumbrance or security interest of any kind or nature whatsoever upon any property (real or personal) or assets
under (i) the organizational documents of Century Communities and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, or UCP and its
subsidiaries, on the other hand, (ii) any contract, lease, license, indenture, agreement, commitment, benefit plan, or other
legally binding arrangement to which Century Communities and its subsidiaries, on the one hand, or UCP and its
subsidiaries, on the other hand, is a party or their respective properties or assets are bound, or (iii) any governmental filings,
order, or law;

 

 •  required consents and approvals from governmental entities;
 

 
•  SEC documents and financial statements, the absence of material misstatements or omissions in such filings and documents,

and compliance of such filings with legal requirements;
 

 •  absence of certain undisclosed liabilities;
 

 •  maintenance and effectiveness of internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures;
 

 •  accuracy of information supplied or to be supplied for use in this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  conduct of its businesses in the ordinary course, consistent with past practice, and the absence of an event that would cause a

material adverse effect;
 

 •  material assets;
 

 •  real property;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  information technology;
 

 •  existence of and compliance with certain material contracts;
 

 •  possession of and compliance with required permits necessary for the conduct of such party’s business;
 

 •  insurance policies;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  absence of certain legal proceedings, investigations and governmental orders;
 

 •  compliance with applicable laws, including anti-corruption laws, and governmental orders;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  employee benefit plan and ERISA matters;
 

 •  employment and labor matters;
 

 •  absence of transactions, contracts or arrangements with affiliates requiring disclosure under the securities laws;
 

 •  brokers’ fees payable in connection with the Merger;
 

 •  ownership of the common stock of the other party; and
 

 •  non-reliance on extra-contractual representations and warranties of the other party.

In addition, UCP has further made representations and warranties regarding, among other things:
 

 •  applicability of antitakeover statutes;
 

 •  voting requirements of its stockholders with respect to the Merger; and
 

 •  the receipt of an opinion from its financial advisor.
 

-105-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 118/265

Table of Contents

In addition, Century Communities has further made representations and warranties regarding, among other things:
 

 
•  the availability of funds sufficient to pay the cash consideration in the Merger and all of its fees and expenses related to the

Merger; and
 

 •  the ownership, capitalization, and operations of Merger Sub.

Many of the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement are qualified by a “materiality” or “material adverse effect”
standard (that is, they will not be deemed to be untrue or incorrect unless their failure to be true or correct would be material to or have
a material adverse effect with respect to the party making the representation or warranty) or speak only to the actual knowledge (after
due inquiry) of specified officers of Century Communities or UCP, as applicable.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “material adverse effect” means, with respect to a party, any effect, or any change,
event, development, state of facts or occurrence, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse on or to the (i) business, assets,
liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (ii) ability of such party to
consummate the Merger prior to the Outside Date, except that that none of the following shall be taken into account in determining
whether a “material adverse effect” has occurred or would be reasonably likely to occur:
 

 

•  changes in financial, securities or currency markets, changes in prevailing interest rates or exchange rates, changes in
general economic or political conditions, changes in the industry in which such party or any of its subsidiaries operates,
changes in commodity prices, or effects of weather, natural disaster or acts of God (in each case, except to the extent such
effect affects such party and its subsidiaries in a disproportionate manner as compared to other companies that operate in the
same industry and geographic region as such party);

 

 
•  any attack, outbreak, hostility, terrorist activity, act or declaration of war or act of public enemies or other calamity, crisis or

geopolitical event (in each case, except to the extent such effect affects such party and its subsidiaries in a disproportionate
manner as compared to other companies that operate in the same industry and geographic region as such party);

 

 

•  changes in law or in any interpretation of any law, or changes in regulatory conditions in the jurisdictions in which such
party or any of its subsidiaries operates, including, for avoidance of doubt, if California Assembly Bill No. 199 is enacted (in
each case, except to the extent such effect affects such party and its subsidiaries in a disproportionate manner as compared to
other companies that operate in the same industry and geographic region as such party);

 

 •  changes in GAAP or any authoritative interpretation thereof;
 

 

•  any failure of such party to meet its internal or published earnings, revenue, cash flows or EBITDA forecasts, projections,
guidance, or estimates or any budgets or financial or operating plans, or any change or prospective change to such party’s
credit ratings (but not the underlying causes of any such failure or change to the extent not otherwise falling within any of
the exceptions to this definition);

 

 
•  the negotiation, announcement, execution, delivery, consummation or pendency of the Merger Agreement or of the

transactions contemplated thereunder (including any effect thereof on the relationships of such party or any of its
subsidiaries with its customers, suppliers, employees or competitors);

 

 
•  any litigation arising from any alleged breach of fiduciary duty or other violation of law relating to the Merger Agreement or

the transactions contemplated thereunder;
 

 
•  any action taken or omission to act by such party, its controlled affiliates, or any other person that is expressly contemplated

or required by the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  actions taken or not taken at the request or with the consent of the other party;
 

-106-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 119/265

Table of Contents

 •  any breach, violation or non-performance by the other party of any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement; or
 

 
•  changes in the trading prices or trading volume of such party (but not the underlying causes of any such changes to the

extent not otherwise falling within any of the exceptions to this definition).

The representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement will not survive the effective time of the Merger.

Conduct of Business

Each of Century Communities and UCP has agreed, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the effective time of the
Merger, to conduct its business in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices, including by using reasonable efforts
to (i) preserve intact its current business organization, (ii) maintain its rights and permits, (iii) keep available the services of its current
officers and employees, (iv) keep its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
business dealings with it, and (v) maintain its properties and assets in their current state of repair, order, functionality and condition,
reasonable wear and tear excepted, to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired.

In addition, each of Century Communities and UCP has agreed not to take certain actions between the date of the Merger
Agreement and the effective time of the Merger without the prior written consent (not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed) of the other party, including the following (subject to exceptions described below or in the Merger Agreement, or as set forth
in disclosure schedules that were exchanged between Century Communities and UCP at the time they entered into the Merger
Agreement):
 

 
•  declaring, setting aside or paying any dividends on, or making any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock,

other than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect subsidiary of such party to its parent;
 

 
•  splitting, combining or reclassifying any of its capital stock or issuing or authorizing the issuance of any other securities in

respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital stock;
 

 

•  purchasing, redeeming or otherwise acquiring any shares of its capital stock or any capital stock of any of its subsidiaries or
any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other securities, except for shares
of its common stock delivered to it to pay the exercise price or tax withholding obligations under any of its options or
restricted stock awards or units;

 

 

•  issuing, delivering, selling or granting (i) any shares of its capital stock, (ii) any voting debt or other voting securities, or
(iii) any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of its capital stock, other than the issuance of common
stock upon the exercise of options outstanding on the date of the Merger Agreement and in accordance with their present
terms;

 

 

•  amending its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or organizational documents, except for such
amendments to its certificate of incorporation, by-laws and other comparable charter or organizational documents that do not
have an adverse effect on the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or adopt a plan of
complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for a complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization;

 

 

•  acquiring or agreeing to acquire (i) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or substantially all the assets of or
all or substantially all the outstanding equity interests in, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited
liability company or other company, association or other business organization, or (ii) any assets or real property, which
acquisition or acquisitions would be material, individually or in the aggregate, to it and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
except

 
-107-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 120/265

Table of Contents

 
purchases of land in the ordinary course of business (including entering into option contracts to acquire (and purchasing
pursuant to the terms of such contracts) land (or an ownership interest in an entity holding land));

 

 
•  making any change in accounting methods, principles or practices materially affecting its reported consolidated assets,

liabilities or results of operations, except as may be required by a change in GAAP;
 

 
•  selling, leasing (as lessor), licensing or otherwise disposing of or subjecting to any lien any of its real property or any of its

land assets with an aggregate valuation in excess of $1,000,000, other than in the ordinary course of business;
 

 
•  selling, leasing (as lessor), licensing or otherwise disposing of or subject to any lien any of its properties or assets that are

material, individually or in the aggregate, to it and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except sales of inventory and excess or
obsolete assets in the ordinary course of business;

 

 

•  incurring any indebtedness for borrowed money or guaranteeing any such indebtedness of another person, issuing or selling
any debt securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any of its or its subsidiaries’ debt securities, or guaranteeing any
debt securities of another person, except for the incurrence of certain forms of indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course
of business; or

 

 
•  making any loan or advance (other than loans or advances that will be repaid before the closing of the Merger) to any of its

affiliates, officers or directors, other than in the ordinary course of business.

UCP has further agreed not to take certain actions between the date of the Merger Agreement and the effective time of the Merger
without the prior written consent (not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) of Century Communities, including the
following (subject to exceptions described below or in the Merger Agreement, or as set forth in disclosure schedules that were
previously provided to Century Communities at the time of entry into the Merger Agreement):
 

 

•  except for (a) retention bonus awards and payments to be paid pursuant to a specified retention plan, (b) increases in
compensation, and/or (c) increases in severance or termination pay, not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate, which in each
case shall be subject to prior review and approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) by Century
Communities, (i) granting to any of its or any of its subsidiaries’ officers or directors any increase in compensation, except
for such increases in compensation that are required under employment contracts in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement, (ii) granting to any of its or any of its subsidiaries’ officers or directors any increase in severance or termination
pay, except for such increases in severance and termination pay that are required under contracts in effect as of the date of
the Merger, (iii) entering into any severance or termination agreement with any such officer or director, (iv) establishing,
adopting, extending, renewing, entering into or amending in any material respect any collective bargaining agreement or any
of its benefit plans, or (v) taking any action to accelerate any rights or benefits, or making any material determinations under
any collective bargaining agreement or any of its benefit plans in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement, except as
required by the terms of such collective bargaining agreement or benefit plan;

 

 
•  making or agreeing to make any new capital expenditure that, individually, is in excess of $500,000, except to the extent

provided for in its budget for 2017 previously made available to Century Communities; or
 

 

•  (i) making (except for elections made in the ordinary course of business) or changing any material tax election, (ii) changing
any tax accounting period for purposes of a material tax or material method of tax accounting, (iii) filing any material
amended tax return, (iv) settling or compromising any audit or proceeding relating to a material amount of taxes, except in
the ordinary course of business, (v) agreeing to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to a material
amount of taxes, (vi) entering into any “closing agreement” within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code (or

 
-108-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 121/265

Table of Contents

 

any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) with respect to any material tax, (vii) surrendering any right to claim a
material tax refund, or (viii) taking any action that would require the filing of a “gain recognition agreement” (within the
meaning of the Treasury regulations promulgated under Section 367 of the Code) to avoid current recognition of a material
amount of income or gain for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals

UCP has agreed that, from April 10, 2017 until the earlier to occur of (i) the effective time of the Merger and (ii) the termination
of the Merger Agreement (in accordance with its terms), it will not, nor will it authorize any of its representatives or permit any of its
controlled affiliates to, and it will instruct each of its representatives not to, on its behalf, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage or facilitate any inquiries or the making, announcement or submission to UCP of

any expression of interest, proposal or offer that constitutes, or reasonably would be expected to lead to, any Takeover
Proposal (as defined and described below);

 

 •  enter into any agreement (whether binding, non-binding, conditional or otherwise) with respect to any Takeover Proposal;
 

 
•  other than with respect to Century Communities, fail to enforce, release any person from, terminate or waive or render

inapplicable, or amend in any manner less favorable to UCP, the provisions of any confidentiality, standstill or other similar
agreement currently in effect to which UCP or any of its subsidiaries is a party, with respect to a Takeover Proposal;

 

 
•  “opt out” of, waive or amend, or take any action to render inapplicable to any person (other than Century Communities and

Merger Sub) or to any Takeover Proposal (other than the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement), the provisions of any anti-takeover laws or of Article XII of UCP’s certificate of incorporation; or

 

 

•  engage in, continue, or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, or furnish any non-public UCP information
(whether orally or in writing) or access to the business, properties, assets, liabilities, books or records of UCP or any of its
subsidiaries to, or otherwise knowingly cooperate with, assist, or participate in any effort by, any person (or any
representative of any person) that has made, is seeking to make, has informed UCP or any of its controlled affiliates of any
intention to make, or has publicly announced an intention to make, any proposal that constitutes, or reasonably would be
expected to lead to, any Takeover Proposal.

Notwithstanding the restrictions described above, if, prior to obtaining the requisite stockholder approval in connection with the
Merger, UCP receives from any person or group an unsolicited written Takeover Proposal that the UCP Board determines in good faith,
after consultation with UCP’s financial advisor and outside legal counsel, constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a
Superior Proposal (as defined and described below), then, subject to compliance with the Merger Agreement, UCP and any of its
representatives will be permitted to (i) furnish to such person or group and its or their representatives, pursuant to a confidentiality
agreement (a copy of which will be furnished to Century Communities), information with respect to UCP and its subsidiaries, and
(ii) engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with such person, group and its or their representatives regarding any
Takeover Proposal. UCP will make available to Century Communities copies of all material non-public information (to the extent such
information has not previously been furnished or made available to Century Communities) that it has furnished or made available to
any such person or group in accordance with the preceding sentence before or substantially concurrently with the time such
information is furnished or made available to such person or group.

A “Takeover Proposal” means any offer or proposal made by any person (other than UCP, any subsidiary of UCP, PICO, Century
Communities or Merger Sub) or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the
 

-109-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 122/265

Table of Contents

Exchange Act), relating to or providing for, in any single transaction or series of related transactions (other than the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement), directly or indirectly, any (i) purchase, sale, lease, license, assignment,
transfer, exchange or other disposition of assets of UCP or any of its subsidiaries representing 20% or more of the consolidated assets
of UCP or to which 20% or more of UCP’s earnings power or revenues are attributable; (ii) acquisition of 20% or more of the
aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of UCP; (iii) tender or exchange offer that, if consummated,
would result in any such person or group owning 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding shares of capital
stock of UCP; (iv) issuance by UCP or any of its subsidiaries of equity interests representing 20% or more of the aggregate voting
power of the then-outstanding capital stock of UCP; (v) merger, business combination, consolidation, share exchange, reorganization,
recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving UCP or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to which any
such person, group or such person’s or group’s stockholders (other than UCP stockholders (as a group) immediately prior to the
consummation of such transaction) would beneficially own 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding shares
of capital stock of UCP or other equity securities of UCP resulting, directly or indirectly, from any such transaction; or (vi) any
combination of the foregoing types of transactions if the total percentage of the UCP’s consolidated assets, earnings power and/or
revenues involved is 20% or more, or if such person or group (or the stockholders of such person or group) would acquire beneficial
ownership or the right to acquire beneficial ownership of equity interests representing 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of
the then-outstanding capital stock of UCP.

A “Superior Proposal” means a bona fide, written Takeover Proposal (except that references in the definition of “Takeover
Proposal” to “20% or more” shall be replaced by “80%” for purposes of this definition) made by any person(s) or “group” (within the
meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) that UCP’s board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with UCP’s
financial advisor and outside legal counsel, and after (i) taking into account all legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal
(including any break-up and expense reimbursement fees, conditions to consummation, and whether the transactions contemplated by
the proposal are reasonably capable of being consummated on a timely basis in accordance with their terms), and (ii) giving effect to
any binding proposal made by Century Communities and considered and negotiated in good faith by UCP in accordance with the terms
of the Merger Agreement, is more favorable to the holders of UCP Class A Common Stock, from a financial point of view, than the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and for which, in the case of any cash consideration, all
requisite cash funds are or will be immediately available or will be committed by identified financing sources at the time of signing a
definitive transaction agreement.

Change of UCP Board Recommendation

UCP has agreed that neither the UCP Board nor any duly authorized committee thereof will (i) fail to include in this proxy
statement/prospectus the UCP Board’s recommendation in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement (which we refer to as the
“UCP Board Recommendation”) or otherwise fail to make the UCP Board Recommendation; (ii) change, modify, withhold, qualify or
withdraw, in a manner adverse to Century Communities, the UCP Board Recommendation; (iii) make any recommendation or public
announcement in response to a tender or exchange offer commenced by any person(s), other than an express recommendation (made
pursuant to Rule 14e-2(a)(1) under the Exchange Act) that UCP stockholders reject such tender or exchange offer, or a temporary
“stop-look-listen” communication by the UCP Board (made pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act); (iv) fail to publicly
recommend against a Takeover Proposal, or fail to publicly reaffirm the UCP Board Recommendation, in each case, within 10 business
days after any written request by Century Communities to do so, which is transmitted to UCP subsequent to any public announcement
by any person of a Takeover Proposal; or (v) enter into, approve, adopt or recommend, or resolve or propose publicly to enter into,
approve, adopt or recommend, any Takeover Proposal or any letter of intent, agreement-in-principle, expression of interest, term sheet,
Merger Agreement, acquisition or business combination agreement, asset sale or transfer agreement, restructuring, reorganization or
recapitalization agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement, or other contract contemplating, or
providing for, a Takeover
 

-110-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 123/265

Table of Contents

Proposal. We refer to the actions described in clauses (i) through (v) of the previous sentence as a “UCP Recommendation Change.”

Notwithstanding the restrictions described above, the UCP Board, at any time before UCP stockholders adopt the Merger
Agreement, may make a UCP Recommendation Change in response to either (i) a Superior Proposal that did not result from a violation
of UCP’s non-solicitation obligations, or (ii) an Intervening Event (as defined below), in each case only if the UCP Board determines in
good faith, after consultation with UCP’s outside legal counsel, that a failure to do so would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of
the UCP Board under applicable law.

UCP may not make a UCP Recommendation Change unless:
 

 

•  UCP has given Century Communities at least four business days’ prior written notice that the UCP Board intends to make a
UCP Recommendation Change, which notice must include, (i) if the UCP Recommendation Change is to be made in
response to a Superior Proposal, the identity of the person making the Superior Proposal, the material terms thereof and a
true and complete copy of the proposed agreement or proposal with respect to such Superior Proposal, or (ii) if the UCP
Recommendation Change is to be made in respect of an Intervening Event, a reasonable summary of the material underlying
facts, conditions and circumstances giving rise to the occurrence and continuing existence of such Intervening Event;

 

 

•  during the four business day period commencing on the date of receipt by Century Communities of the written notice of the
UCP Recommendation Change, UCP and its representatives negotiates in good faith with Century Communities and its
representatives, to the extent Century Communities desires to negotiate, so that Century Communities may propose in
writing a binding offer to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement to enable the UCP
Board to determine that (i) the Superior Proposal leading to the UCP Recommendation Change no longer constitutes a
Superior Proposal, or (ii) the failure to make a UCP Recommendation Change in respect of the Intervening Event leading to
the UCP Recommendation Change would no longer be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the UCP Board under
applicable law; and

 

 

•  at the end of the four business day period commencing on the date of receipt by Century Communities of the written notice
of the UCP Recommendation Change, the UCP Board, given effect to the terms of such binding offer, determines in good
faith, after consultation with UCP’s financial advisor and/or outside legal counsel, as applicable, that, (i) the Superior
Proposal leading to the UCP Recommendation Change continues to constitute a Superior Proposal, or (ii) the failure of the
UCP Board to make a UCP Recommendation Change in respect of the Intervening Event leading to the UCP
Recommendation Change would continue to be inconsistent with the UCP Board’s fiduciary duties under applicable law.

An “Intervening Event” means an event, state of facts, change, discovery, development or circumstance that is material to UCP
and its subsidiaries (and not of a general economic, industry or market nature, except to the extent UCP is affected in a beneficially
disproportionate manner compared to other companies that operate in UCP’s industry sector and conduct substantially the same
businesses as UCP and its subsidiaries), taken as a whole, that was not known or reasonably foreseeable by UCP as of or prior to
April 10, 2017, and which event, state of facts, change, discovery, development or circumstance becomes known to the UCP Board
prior to UCP stockholders adopting the Merger Agreement. However, none of the following events will constitute an “Intervening
Event”: (i) any Takeover Proposal or Superior Proposal, or any inquiry, offer or proposal that constitutes or that reasonably can be
expected to lead to or result in any Takeover Proposal or Superior Proposal; or (ii) any change in the price or trading volume of the
UCP Class A Common Stock or UCP’s credit rating in and of itself, although the facts underlying any such change may be, or
contribute to the occurrence of, an Intervening Event.
 

-111-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 124/265

Table of Contents

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Each of Century Communities, Merger Sub, and UCP has agreed to use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all
actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all things necessary, proper or
advisable to complete and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger, including:
 

 

•  the obtaining of all necessary actions or non-actions, permits, registrations, waivers, consents and approvals from
governmental entities, the making of all necessary registrations and filings (including filings with governmental entities, if
any), and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be necessary or desirable to obtain an approval, permit, registration, or
waiver from, or to avoid or terminate a proceeding by, any governmental entity;

 

 •  the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties;
 

 
•  the defending of any proceedings challenging the Merger Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other

transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including seeking to have any stay or temporary restraining order
entered by any court or other governmental entity vacated or reversed; and

 

 
•  the execution and delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the Merger and the other transactions

contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and to fully carry out the purposes of the Merger Agreement.

In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, each of UCP, the UCP Board, Century Communities, and the Century
Communities Board has agreed to (i) take all action necessary to ensure that no state anti-takeover law or similar statute or regulation is
or becomes applicable to the Merger Agreement, the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and
(ii) if any state anti-takeover law or similar statute or regulation becomes or may become applicable to the Merger Agreement, the
Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement, take all action necessary to ensure that the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by
the Merger Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such anti-takeover law or similar statute or regulation on the Merger
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Employee Benefits Matters

From the effective time of the Merger until the first anniversary of such time (we refer to such period as the “Benefit Protection
Period”), Century Communities will provide or cause its subsidiaries to provide:
 

 
•  base salary, wages and commission opportunities to each UCP employee at a rate that is no less favorable than the rate of

base salary, wages or commission opportunities provided to such UCP employee immediately prior to the effective time of
the Merger;

 

 
•  an annual bonus opportunity to each UCP employee that is not less favorable than the annual bonus opportunity provided to

such UCP employee immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger; and
 

 
•  health and welfare benefits under plans and programs maintained or to be maintained by Century Communities or any of its

subsidiaries that are no less favorable than the health and welfare benefits provided to similarly situated employees of
Century Communities and its subsidiaries after the effective time of the Merger.

For all purposes under any employee benefit plan of Century Communities and any other employee benefit program, policy or
arrangement maintained by Century Communities or any of its subsidiaries (except for any defined benefit pension plan or equity
compensation plan or arrangement), including any vacation, paid time off and severance plans, each UCP employee’s service with or
otherwise credited by UCP or any UCP subsidiary
 

-112-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 125/265

Table of Contents

will be treated as service with Century Communities or any of its subsidiaries; provided, however, that such service need not be
recognized to the extent that such recognition would result in any duplication of benefits.

Century Communities will, or will cause its subsidiaries to, (i) use all reasonable efforts to waive, or cause to be waived, any pre-
existing condition limitations, exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods under any welfare benefit plan
maintained by Century Communities or any of its subsidiaries in which UCP employees (and their eligible dependents) will be eligible
to participate from and after the effective time of the Merger, except to the extent that such pre-existing condition limitations,
exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods would not have been satisfied or waived under the comparable UCP
benefit plan immediately prior to the effective time, and (ii) use all reasonable efforts to recognize, or cause to be recognized, the dollar
amount of all co-payments, deductibles and similar expenses incurred by each UCP employee (and his or her eligible dependents)
during the calendar year in which the effective time of the Merger occurs for purposes of satisfying such year’s deductible and co-
payment limitations under the relevant welfare benefit plans in which such UCP employee (and his or her eligible dependents) will be
eligible to participate from and after the effective time of the Merger.

Nothing in the Merger Agreement will (i) be treated as an amendment of any benefit plan of Century Communities or any of its
subsidiaries, (ii) give any UCP employee or former UCP employee or any other individual associated therewith or any employee
benefit plan or trustee thereof or any other third person any right to enforce the provisions of the Merger Agreement, or (iii) obligate
Century Communities or any of its affiliates to (a) maintain any particular benefit plan, except in accordance with the terms of such
plan, or (b) retain the employment of any particular UCP employee.

Treatment of UCP Equity Awards

Stock Options. At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding equity award granted under the UCP, Inc. 2013 Long-Term
Incentive Plan (which we refer to as the “UCP Stock Plan”) that is an option to purchase shares of UCP Class A Common Stock (which
we refer to as a “UCP Option”), whether vested or unvested, will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, be converted into an option to purchase shares of Century Communities Common Stock (which we refer to as an
“Adjusted Option”) on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such UCP Option immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger (including vesting terms, conditions and schedules), with the number of shares of Century Communities Common
Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares) subject to such Adjusted Option equal to the product of (i) the total
number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock underlying such UCP Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger,
multiplied by (ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio (as defined below), and with the exercise price applicable to such Adjusted Option
to equal the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) obtained by dividing (a) the exercise price per share applicable to such
UCP Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, by (b) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio; provided, that the exercise
price and the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock underlying the Adjusted Option will be determined in a
manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; and provided, further, that, in the case of any UCP Option to
which Section 422 of the Code applies, the exercise price and the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock
underlying the corresponding Adjusted Option will be determined in accordance with the foregoing, subject to such adjustments as are
necessary in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code.

Restricted Stock Units. At the effective time of the Merger, each outstanding equity award granted under the UCP Stock Plan that
is a restricted stock unit with respect to a share of UCP Class A Common Stock (which we refer to as a “UCP Restricted Stock Unit”)
will, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into a restricted stock unit award
with respect to a share of Century Communities Common Stock, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such
UCP Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (including vesting and settlement terms, conditions
and schedules), and relating to the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock equal to the product of
 

-113-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 126/265

Table of Contents

(i) the number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock subject to such UCP Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the effective
time of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole
number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock.

The “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the sum of (i) 0.2309 (the Exchange Ratio) plus (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing
(a) $5.32 (the cash consideration) by (b) the average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as reported
on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately preceding the
closing date of the Merger, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth.

Other Covenants and Agreements

The Merger Agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements, including covenants relating to:
 

 •  cooperation between Century Communities and UCP in the preparation of this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  confidentiality and access by each party to certain information about the other party during the period prior to the effective

time of the Merger;
 

 •  indemnification of current and former directors and officers of UCP;
 

 •  cooperation between Century Communities and UCP in connection with press releases and other public announcements;
 

 
•  cooperation between Century Communities, Merger Sub, and UCP to cause the Merger to qualify for the intended tax

treatment, including considering and negotiating in good faith such amendments to the Merger Agreement as may
reasonably be required in order to obtain such qualification;

 

 
•  cooperation between Century Communities and UCP in the defense or settlement of any litigation brought by its

stockholders relating to the Merger;
 

 
•  causing the dispositions of UCP Class A Common Stock resulting from the Merger by each director and officer of UCP who

is subject to reporting requirements under Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act to be exempt from Section 16(b) of the
Exchange Act;

 

 
•  causing the exchange of all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO for shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, so that,

from and after the consummation of such exchange, all issued and outstanding membership interests and other voting and
economic interests in and to UCP, LLC will be wholly-owned by UCP;

 

 
•  Century Communities’ use of commercially reasonable efforts to cause the issuance of Century Communities Common

Stock to be approved for listing on the NYSE; and
 

 
•  cooperation between Century Communities and UCP in causing the delisting of UCP Class A Common Stock from the

NYSE and termination of its registration under the Exchange Act, in each case to be effective following the effective time of
the Merger.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

The obligations of Century Communities, the Merger Sub and UCP to effect the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of each of the following conditions:
 

 •  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders;
 

 
•  the absence of any temporary restraining order, injunction or other order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction

preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
 

-114-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 127/265

Table of Contents

 
•  the consummation of the exchange of all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO for shares of UCP Class A Common

Stock, so that, from and after the consummation of such exchange, all issued and outstanding membership interests and
other voting and economic interests in and to UCP, LLC will be wholly-owned by UCP;

 

 
•  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part and the absence of a

stop order or proceedings threatened or initiated by the SEC relating thereto;
 

 
•  the authorization for the listing on NYSE of the shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued to the UCP

stockholders in the Merger; and
 

 
•  the receipt by each of UCP and Century Communities of (i) a copy of the opinion of Paul, Weiss, dated as of the effective

time of the Merger, and (ii) a copy of the opinion of Greenberg Traurig, dated as of the effective time of the Merger, each to
the effect that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.

In addition, the obligations of Century Communities and Merger Sub to effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of each of the following conditions:
 

 

•  the representations and warranties of UCP relating to (i) its capitalization, except for such inaccuracies that are not
reasonably expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in additional cost, expense or liability to Century
Communities and Merger Sub, of more than $250,000, (ii) its economic interests in UCP, LLC, (iii) the due authorization,
execution and validity of the Merger Agreement, and the applicability of state anti-takeover statutes, and (iv) fees and
expenses of its brokers being true and correct in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger as though made on such
date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to another date (in which case such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such other date);

 

 

•  all other representations and warranties of UCP in the Merger Agreement (in each case, without giving effect to any
materiality or material adverse effect qualifications therein, or any provisions contained therein relating to preventing or
materially delaying the consummation of the Merger or any of the other Transactions) being true and correct on the closing
date of the Merger as though made on such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to
another date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such other date), and
except for such failures to be true and correct that, individually and in the aggregate, have not had, and would not be likely
to have, a material adverse effect on UCP;

 

 
•  UCP having performed its obligations in the Merger Agreement relating to no solicitation of alternative proposals and UCP

Recommendation Change, and UCP having performed in all material respects all other obligations required to be performed
by it under the Merger Agreement, in each case, at or before the closing date of the Merger;

 

 
•  the receipt by Century Communities of a customary closing certificate signed on behalf of UCP by a senior executive officer

of UCP, certifying that the conditions described in the preceding three bullets have been satisfied; and
 

 
•  the absence since the date of the Merger Agreement of any event, change, effect or development that has had, or is likely to

have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on UCP.

In addition, the obligations of UCP to effect the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver of each of the following
conditions:
 

 

•  the representations and warranties of Century Communities relating to (i) its capitalization, except for such inaccuracies that
are not reasonably expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in an increase in the number of authorized, issued or
outstanding shares of Century Communities Common Stock or preferred stock of Century Communities, on a fully diluted
basis, of more than a number of

 
-115-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 128/265

Table of Contents

 

shares equal to the quotient of (a) $250,000 divided by (b) the average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities
Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on the second complete trading day
immediately preceding the date of the Merger Agreement, (ii) the due authorization, execution and validity of the Merger
Agreement, and the applicability of state anti-takeover statutes, and (iii) the execution and delivery by each of Century
Communities and Merger Sub of the Merger Agreement not conflicting with the Century Communities Charter and Century
Communities Bylaws being true and correct in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger as though made on such date,
except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to another date (in which case such representations
and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such other date);

 

 

•  all other representations and warranties of Century Communities in the Merger Agreement (in each case, without giving
effect to any materiality or material adverse effect qualifications therein, or any provisions contained therein relating to
preventing or materially delaying the consummation of the Merger or any of the other Transactions) being true and correct
on the closing date of the Merger as though made on such date, except to the extent such representations and warranties
expressly relate to another date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such
other date), and except for such failures to be true and correct that, individually and in the aggregate, have not had, and
would not be likely to have, a material adverse effect on Century Communities;

 

 
•  Century Communities and Merger Sub having performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by

them under the Merger Agreement, in each case, at or before the closing date of the Merger;
 

 
•  the receipt by UCP of a customary closing certificate signed on behalf of Century Communities by a senior executive officer

of Century Communities, certifying that the conditions described in the preceding three bullets have been satisfied; and
 

 
•  the absence since the date of the Merger Agreement of any event, change, effect or development that has had, or is likely to

have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Century Communities.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time before the effective time of the Merger, notwithstanding the receipt of the
requisite approval of UCP stockholders, under the following circumstances:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Century Communities, Merger Sub and UCP;
 

 •  by either Century Communities or UCP, if:
 

 

— the Merger is not consummated on or before October 15, 2017 (which we refer to as the “Outside Date”); provided,
that the party seeking to terminate the Merger Agreement for this reason has not breached any provision of the
Merger Agreement or otherwise failed to perform fully its obligations under this Merger Agreement in any manner
that shall have caused the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement not to be
consummated by the Outside Date;

 

 

— any governmental entity issues a judgment permanently enjoining or otherwise permanently prohibiting the Merger
and such judgment has become final and non-appealable; provided, that the party seeking to terminate the Merger
Agreement for this reason has not breached any provision of the Merger Agreement or otherwise failed to perform
fully its obligations under this Merger Agreement in any manner that shall have caused the issuance of such
judgment;

 

 
— if any condition to the obligation of such party to consummate the Merger becomes incapable of satisfaction before

the Outside Date; provided, that the party seeking to terminate the Merger
 

-116-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 129/265

Table of Contents

 
Agreement for this reason has not breached any provision of the Merger Agreement or otherwise failed to perform
fully its obligations under this Merger Agreement in any manner that shall have caused the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement not to be consummated by the Outside Date; or

 

 — UCP stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement at the UCP special meeting or any adjournment thereof.
 

 

•  by Century Communities, if Century Communities is not then in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant
contained in the Merger Agreement, and UCP has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties or
covenants contained in the Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a
closing condition relating to the accuracy of UCP’s representations and warranties or UCP’s compliance with covenants, and
(ii) cannot be, or, if capable of cure, has not been, cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to UCP of such
breach or failure to perform;

 

 

•  by Century Communities, before adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders, if the UCP Board (or any duly
authorized committee thereof) makes any UCP Recommendation Change; provided, that if Century Communities elects to
exercise its right to terminate the Merger Agreement by reason of a UCP Recommendation Change made solely in respect of
an Intervening Event, Century Communities must deliver to UCP a notice of termination not later than five business days
immediately following the date UCP publicly announced the UCP Recommendation Change solely in respect of such
Intervening Event;

 

 

•  by UCP, if UCP is not then in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in the Merger Agreement, and
Century Communities has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in the
Merger Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a closing condition relating to the
accuracy of Century Communities’ and Merger Sub’s representations and warranties or Century Communities’ or Merger
Sub’s compliance with covenants, and (ii) cannot be, or, if capable of cure, has not been, cured within 30 days after the
giving of written notice to Century Communities of such breach or failure to perform; or

 

 

•  by UCP, before adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders, if (i) a Superior Proposal has been made and
received by UCP, (ii) UCP is and has been in compliance with its covenants in the Merger Agreement relating to prohibition
on soliciting activities and a UCP Recommendation Change, (iii) UCP concurrently pays (or causes to be paid) to Century
Communities the $7,050,000 termination fee, and (iv) the UCP Board concurrently approves, and UCP concurrently enters
into, a definitive agreement providing for such Superior Proposal.

Under the Merger Agreement, UCP is not permitted to terminate the Merger Agreement in respect of, or due to, any UCP
Recommendation Change made by the UCP Board solely in response to an Intervening Event. If the Merger Agreement is validly
terminated, the Merger Agreement will become void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the part of any party,
except in the case of intentional fraud or willful breach. The provisions of the Merger Agreement relating to non-reliance on
representations and warranties, fees and expenses, effects of termination, governing law, waiver of jury trial, and certain other
provisions of the Merger Agreement, as well as the non-disclosure agreement (as amended) entered into among UCP, Century
Communities, and PICO, will survive any termination of the Merger Agreement.

Fees and Expenses and Termination Fees

All fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement
shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that (i) UCP will bear all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with preparing the
 

-117-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 130/265

Table of Contents

proxy statement portion of this proxy statement/prospectus, (ii) Century Communities will bear all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with preparing the prospectus portion of this proxy statement/prospectus, and (iii) Century Communities and UCP will each
bear 50% of all fees and expenses incurred in connection with (a) filing (including SEC registration fees), printing and mailing this
proxy statement/prospectus, and (b) any regulatory filings, or obtaining any consents or approvals from governmental entities or third
parties necessary for the consummation of the Merger.

UCP will be obligated to pay a termination fee of $7,050,000 to Century Communities if:
 

 
•  UCP terminates the Merger Agreement and approves, recommends and enters into a definitive agreement providing for a

Superior Proposal;
 

 •  Century Communities terminates the Merger Agreement after a UCP Recommendation Change;
 

 
•  a proposal for a Company Qualifying Transaction (as defined below) with respect to UCP is made and publicly announced,

and not subsequently publicly withdrawn, and thereafter, the Merger Agreement is terminated:
 

 — by Century Communities or by UCP, because the Merger is not consummated by the Outside Date,
 

 
— by Century Communities or by UCP, because UCP stockholders failed to adopt of the Merger Agreement at the UCP

special meeting (or at any adjournment or postponement thereof), or
 

 

— by Century Communities, because of a breach by UCP of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants (to the
extent that any such breach constitutes a failure of certain of the conditions under which Century Communities is
obligated under the Merger Agreement to complete the Merger); provided, that such breach is either incapable of
being cured or is not cured within 30 days of written notice thereof delivered by Century Communities to UCP; and,
in each case,

within 12 months of such termination, UCP enters into a definitive agreement to consummate, or consummates, a Company
Qualifying Transaction.

A “Company Qualifying Transaction” means a transaction for which a Takeover Proposal is made and publicly disclosed or
announced (substituting, for purposes of this definition, “80%” for each reference to “20%” in the definition of “Takeover Proposal”).

Amendments, Extensions, Waivers, and Consents

The Merger Agreement may be amended at any time by a written instrument signed on behalf of each of the parties, except that
(i) after the adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders, no amendment may be made that requires the approval of such
stockholders under applicable law without such approval, and (ii) no amendment shall be made to the Merger Agreement after the
effective time of the Merger.

At any time before the effective time of the Merger, any party may (i) extend the time for the performance of any of the
obligations or other acts of the other party, (ii) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other party contained
in the Merger Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the Merger Agreement, or (iii) waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions contained in the Merger Agreement. Any such extension or waiver will be valid only if set forth in a written
instrument signed on behalf of such party.

For any matter under the Merger Agreement requiring the consent or approval of any party, such consent or approval will be valid
and binding on such party only if delivered in a written instrument signed on behalf of such party.
 

-118-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 131/265

Table of Contents

No Third Party Beneficiaries

The Merger Agreement is not intended to confer upon you or any person, other than Century Communities, Merger Sub, and
UCP, any rights or remedies, except with the respect (i) to the rights to indemnification and continuing maintenance after the
completion of the Merger of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage maintained by UCP and its subsidiaries, (ii) after the
effective time of the Merger, the rights of former UCP stockholders to receive the Merger Consideration, and (iii) after the effective
time of the Merger, the rights of former holders of UCP options or restricted stock units to receive new options or restricted stock units,
respectively, in respect of Century Communities Common Stock in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement.

Specific Performance

Century Communities and UCP agreed in the Merger Agreement that irreparable damage may occur in the event that any of the
provisions of the Merger Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that
monetary damages, even if available, may not be an adequate remedy therefor. Century Communities and UCP further agreed that,
except in certain cases where Century Communities is paid the termination fee described above under “—Fees and Expenses and
Termination Fee,” the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of the Merger Agreement and to
enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the Merger Agreement, without any proof of actual damages and without the necessity
of securing or posting of any bond or surety in connection with such remedy.

Governing Law

The Merger Agreement is governed by Delaware law.
 

-119-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 132/265

Table of Contents

THE VOTING AGREEMENT

The following section summarizes material provisions of the Voting Support and Transfer Restriction Agreement, dated April 10,
2017, by and among Century Communities, Merger Sub, PICO, for the limited purposes set forth therein, UCP, and for the limited
purposes set forth therein, UCP, LLC (which we refer to as the “Voting Agreement”), which is included in this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex B, is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety, and qualifies the following summary in its entirety.
The rights and obligations of Century Communities, Merger Sub, PICO, UCP and UCP, LLC, as parties to the Voting Agreement, are
governed by the Voting Agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in or incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement/prospectus. UCP stockholders are urged to read the Voting Agreement carefully and in its entirety, as well as this
proxy statement/prospectus and the information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, before making any
decisions regarding the proposals.

The following summary of the Voting Agreement is included in this proxy statement/prospectus to provide you with information
regarding the terms of the Voting Agreement and is not intended to provide any factual information about Century Communities,
PICO, UCP or UCP, LLC. Such information can be found elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the other public filings
Century Communities and UCP, respectively, have made and will make with the SEC. See “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 152 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Holders of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common Stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented
to UCP stockholders for their vote or approval. PICO holds all of the outstanding shares of UCP Class B Common Stock, which
provides PICO with no economic rights but entitles PICO, without regard to the number of shares of UCP Class B Common Stock held
by it, to one vote on matters presented to UCP stockholders for each Series A Unit of UCP, LLC held by PICO, multiplied by the
Exchange Rate. As of the close of business on the Record Date, there were outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock, and
PICO held 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP, LLC (which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock),
which provides PICO with approximately 57% of the aggregate voting power attributable to all outstanding shares of capital stock of
UCP.

Pursuant to the terms of, and subject to the conditions set forth in, the Voting Agreement, PICO has agreed to:
 

 

•  appear and be present at all meetings of UCP stockholders and otherwise cause all shares of UCP Class B Common Stock
held by PICO (such shares, together with all other shares of capital stock acquired by PICO and its affiliates from and after
the date of the Voting Agreement, being collectively referred to as the “PICO Shares”) to be counted for purposes of
determining a quorum; and

 

 

•  affirmatively vote and cause to be voted all PICO Shares in favor of (“for”), or, if action is to be taken by written consent in
lieu of a meeting of UCP stockholders, deliver to UCP a duly executed affirmative written consent in favor of (“for”), the
adoption of the Merger Agreement by UCP stockholders and approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement.

In addition, under the Voting Agreement, PICO has agreed to vote and cause to be voted all PICO Shares against, and not provide
any written consent with respect to or for, the adoption or approval of:
 

 •  any Takeover Proposal and the transactions contemplated thereby,
 

 

•  any action or agreement (including, without limitation, any amendment of any agreement to which UCP or any of its
subsidiaries is a party or to which any assets or properties of UCP or any of its subsidiaries is subject or bound) that PICO
knows, or would reasonably be expected to know, would result in (a) a breach or violation of, or non-compliance with, any
representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, or other obligation of UCP or any of its subsidiaries or affiliates set forth in
the Merger Agreement, or (b) the failure of any of the conditions to the obligations of Century Communities or

 
-120-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 133/265

Table of Contents

 
Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement set forth in
Sections 7.01 and 7.02 of the Merger Agreement,

 

 •  any change in the size, term in office, or composition of the UCP Board, and
 

 

•  any agreement (including, without limitation, any amendment, waiver, release from, or non-enforcement of any agreement),
any amendment or restatement of the UCP Charter or the UCP Bylaws, or any other action (or failure to act) that is intended
or would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, or materially impair or delay, the consummation of the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement in accordance with their terms.

Furthermore, as part of the Voting Agreement, and as security for and in furtherance of the agreements described in the preceding
paragraph, to the extent that PICO fails to comply with any of its voting and other obligations as to voting pursuant to the Voting
Agreement, PICO has irrevocably granted to, constituted and appointed Century and each of the executive officers of Century
Communities, in their respective capacities as executive officers of Century, as the case may be, as PICO’s proxy and attorney-in-fact
(with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of PICO, to vote all PICO Shares that are owned beneficially
and/or held of record by PICO and its affiliates on the date of the Voting Agreement and, from time to time, with full and unconditional
authority to grant or withhold a consent or approval in respect of such PICO Shares and to execute and deliver a proxy (or proxies) to
vote such PICO Shares at each meeting of UCP stockholders convened in respect of the matters set forth in the preceding paragraph.
The proxy granted pursuant to the Voting Agreement shall be deemed to be a proxy coupled with an interest, is irrevocable (subject to
the termination of the Voting Agreement), and shall not be terminated by operation of law or upon the occurrence of any other event.

Under the Voting Agreement, PICO also agreed, except as expressly contemplated by the Voting Agreement or the Merger
Agreement, not to:
 

 •  sell, transfer, gift, pledge, hypothecate, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of any PICO Shares;
 

 
•  deposit any PICO Shares into a voting trust or grant any proxies or enter into a voting agreement, power of attorney or

voting trust with respect to any PICO Shares; or
 

 
•  take any action that would make any representation or warranty of PICO set forth in the Voting Agreement untrue or

incorrect or have the effect of preventing, disabling or delaying PICO from performing any of its obligations under the
Voting Agreement.

Furthermore, under the Voting Agreement, PICO, UCP, and UCP, LLC, as applicable, irrevocably terminated, subject to and
contingent upon the occurrence of the effective time of the Merger, the following related party agreements (without any payments or
other obligations due or owing from, or any cost or expense to, UCP, Century Communities, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation):
(i) the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013, by and among UCP, UCP, LLC, and PICO, (ii) the Tax Receivable Agreement,
dated as of July 23, 2013, by and among the UCP, UCP, LLC, and PICO, (iii) the Transition Services Agreement, dated as of July 23,
2013, by and between PICO and the Company, and (iv) the Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 23, 2013, by and between the
UCP and PICO.

The Voting Agreement terminates automatically on the first to occur of (i) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance
with its terms, and (ii) the effective time of the Merger.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a UCP Recommendation Change is made by the UCP Board in response to an Intervening
Event, and Century Communities does not exercise its right to terminate the Merger Agreement, PICO’s voting obligations and the
proxy granted by PICO pursuant to the Voting Agreement as described in the preceding paragraphs will no longer be in respect of all
PICO Shares, but, in lieu and instead thereof, will be in respect of that number of PICO Shares equal to 28% of the aggregate voting
power attributable to all outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock and UCP Class B Common Stock.
 

-121-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 134/265

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL II: ADJOURNMENT OF UCP SPECIAL MEETING

UCP stockholders are being asked to approve a proposal that will give the UCP Board authority to adjourn the UCP special
meeting one or more times, if necessary or appropriate, as determined by UCP, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient
votes at the time of the UCP special meeting or any adjournments thereof to adopt the Merger Agreement.

If this proposal is approved, the UCP special meeting could be adjourned to any date. If the UCP special meeting is adjourned,
UCP stockholders who have already submitted their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use. If you sign and
return a proxy and do not indicate how you wish to vote on any proposal, or if you indicate that you wish to vote FOR the proposal to
adopt the Merger Agreement but do not indicate a choice on the adjournment proposal, your shares of UCP Common Stock will be
voted FOR the adjournment proposal. If you indicate, however, that you wish to vote against the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement, your shares of UCP Common Stock will only be voted FOR the adjournment proposal if you indicate that you wish to vote
FOR that proposal.

The affirmative vote, in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all classes
of stock entitled to vote on such question which are present in person or by proxy at the UCP special meeting is required to approve the
adjournment proposal.

The UCP Board recommends that UCP stockholders vote FOR the approval of the adjournment of the UCP special
meeting, if necessary or appropriate, as determined by UCP, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the
time of the UCP special meeting or any adjournments thereof to adopt the Merger Agreement.
 

-122-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 135/265

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements have been prepared to illustrate the effect of the
proposed business combination of Century Communities and UCP, which was announced on April 11, 2017, and the private offering
by Century Communities of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its 5.875% Senior Notes due 2025, which closed on May
12, 2017. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is for illustrative and informational purposes only and is
not intended to represent or be indicative of what the financial condition or results of operations would have been had Century
Communities operated historically on a stand-alone basis or if the Merger had occurred on the dates indicated. The unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information should not be considered representative of future consolidated financial condition or
consolidated results of operations. Assumptions underlying the pro forma adjustments are described in the accompanying notes and
should be read in conjunction with the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements.

Immediately prior to the consummation of the Merger, each share of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding at such time shall
be converted into the right to receive (i) $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon, and (ii) 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid and
non-assessable share of Century Communities Common Stock.

The Merger will be accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with
Accounting Standards Codification Topic 805, Business Combinations, which will establish a new basis of accounting for all
identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at fair value as of the date control is obtained. Century Communities will be treated
as the acquirer in the Merger for accounting purposes. Accordingly, Century Communities’ cost to purchase UCP will be allocated to
the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed based upon their respective fair values on the date the Merger is consummated. The total
purchase price will be paid with approximately $97.7 million in cash and 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common Stock
that will be issued in exchange for all outstanding shares of UCP Class A Common Stock. The equity consideration is valued at
$106.0 million, assuming a per share price of $25.00 for Century Communities Common Stock, which is the closing price of Century
Communities Common Stock on June 20, 2017. The transaction has a total enterprise value of approximately $365.2 million, including
assumed debt and without deducting acquired cash.

Additionally, each option (each, a “UCP Option”) to purchase shares of UCP Class A Common Stock that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Merger will automatically, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into an
option to purchase shares of Century Communities Common Stock (an “Adjusted Option”) on the same terms and conditions as were
applicable under such UCP Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (including vesting terms, conditions and
schedules), with the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest whole number of shares)
subject to such Adjusted Option equal to the product of (i) the total number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock underlying such
UCP Option immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger, multiplied by (ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio (as defined
below), and with the exercise price applicable to such Adjusted Option to equal the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent)
obtained by dividing (a) the exercise price per share applicable to such UCP Option immediately prior to the effective time, by (b) the
Equity Award Exchange Ratio. In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, UCP entered into
amendments to employment agreements (which we refer to as the “Employment Agreement Amendments”) with certain employees of
UCP. The Employment Agreement Amendments will become effective as of, and are subject to and conditioned upon, the
consummation of the Merger. Under the Employment Agreement Amendments, such employees of UCP agreed to forfeit all of their
outstanding UCP Options, whether vested or unvested, upon the closing of the Merger. The UCP Options which are subject to the
Employment Agreement Amendments represent all of the outstanding UCP Options as of the date of the Merger Agreement.

Furthermore, each restricted stock unit award with respect to shares of UCP Class A Common Stock (each, a “UCP Restricted
Stock Unit”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger will
 

-123-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 136/265

Table of Contents

automatically, and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into a restricted stock unit award with respect to
shares of Century Communities Common Stock, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such UCP Restricted
Stock Unit immediately prior to the effective time of the Merger (including vesting and settlement terms, conditions and schedules),
and relating to the number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock subject to such UCP Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the effective time, multiplied by (ii) the Equity
Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of Century Communities Common
Stock.

The “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the sum of (i) 0.2309 plus (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (a) $5.32 by (b) the
average closing sale price of a share of Century Communities Common Stock as reported on the New York Stock Exchange for the five
consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the
Merger, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth.

On May 12, 2017, Century Communities completed a private offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its
5.875% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “May 2017 Notes”) at an issue price of 100%, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately
$395.0 million after offering costs. The May 2017 Notes were sold and issued in a private offering, exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain
non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet of Century Communities gives effect to the Merger as if it
had been consummated on March 31, 2017, and includes estimated pro forma adjustments for the preliminary valuations of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed. The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations of Century
Communities for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016 give effect to the Merger as if it had
been consummated on January 1, 2016, the beginning of the earliest period presented. The following unaudited pro forma condensed
combined financial statements have been derived from Century Communities’ financial statements and accompanying notes, which are
contained in Century Communities’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and Century
Communities’ Quarterly Report on From 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017, as well as UCP’s financial statements and
accompanying notes, which are contained in UCP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 and
UCP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2017, each of which is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus.

The historical financial information is adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements to give effect
to unaudited pro forma adjustments that are (i) directly attributable to the Merger, (ii) factually supportable, and (iii) with respect to the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the consolidated operating
results. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements include certain pro forma adjustments that are intended to
provide information about the continuing impact of the Merger on Century Communities’ financial position and results of operations.
The pro forma adjustments set forth in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements reflect the following:
 

 •  issuance of the May 2017 Notes, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately $395.0 million after offering costs;
 

 •  issuance of cash consideration by Century Communities in the Merger;
 

 •  exchange of each share of UCP Class A Common Stock for 0.2309 of a share of Century Communities Common Stock;
 

 •  alignment of UCP’s accounting policies to Century Communities’ accounting policies;
 

 •  transaction costs in connection with the Merger;
 

-124-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 137/265

Table of Contents

 •  impact of purchase accounting; and
 

 •  tax effect of pro forma adjustments at the U.S. federal and state income tax statutory rate.

The unaudited pro forma adjustments included herein are preliminarily based on currently available information, and may be
revised as additional information becomes available and as additional analyses are performed. The unaudited pro forma condensed
combined statement of operations does not reflect the expected benefits to be derived from synergies and cost reduction actions
expected to be implemented in connection with the Merger, or the impact of one-time non-recurring costs relating to the Merger,
including the costs to achieve expected synergies and cost savings. These revisions, if any, could have a material impact on the
accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements and Century Communities’ future results of operations
and financial position. Changes in the price of Century Communities Common Stock may increase or decrease the total value of the
Merger Consideration. Increases or decreases in the estimated fair value of the net assets acquired may change the amount of the
purchase price allocated to goodwill, if any, resulting from the Merger and other acquired assets and liabilities. This may impact the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations due to an increase or decrease in the amount of amortization or
depreciation of the adjusted assets.

These unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements reflect adjustments that, in the opinion of Century
Communities’ management, are necessary to present fairly the unaudited pro forma condensed combined results of operations and the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial position of Century Communities as of and for the periods indicated.

Certain amounts in UCP’s historical financial statements have been reclassified to conform to Century Communities’
presentation, including “Restricted cash” presented in “Prepaid expenses and other assets;” “Customer deposits” presented in “Accrued
expenses and other liabilities;” and “Senior Notes, net” presented in “Notes payable and revolving line of credit” on the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined balance sheet; and “Sales and marketing” presented in “Selling, general, and administrative” on the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements constitute forward-looking information and is
subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated. See “Risk Factors”
and “Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on pages 34 and 32, respectively, of this proxy
statement/prospectus.
 

-125-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 138/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities, Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

As of March 31, 2017
 

(in thousands)   

Historical
Century

Communities   
Historical

UCP    

Pro Forma
Adjustments

May 2017
Notes   

Pro Forma
Adjustments

UCP Acquisition  

Pro Forma
Combined

Total  
Assets         
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 23,465   $ 34,270   $ 395,000  (a)  $ (259,226) (e)  $ 124,409 

       (65,000) (a)   (3,100) (h)  
        (1,000) (h)  

Cash held in escrow    17,216    —        17,216 
Accounts receivable    7,037    3,677      10,714 
Inventories    884,072    389,379     (41,738) (b)   1,255,708 

        23,995  (c)  
Prepaid expenses and other assets    40,259    8,628      48,887 
Property and equipment, net    11,365    855      12,220 
Investment in unconsolidated subsidiaries    18,680    —        18,680 
Deferred tax asset, net    —      5,227     (450) (j)   4,777 
Amortizable intangible assets, net    2,567    82     1,400  (d)   4,049 
Goodwill    21,365    —       —     21,365 

    
 

    
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Total assets   $1,026,026   $442,118   $ 330,000   $ (280,119)  $1,518,025 
    

 

    

 

    

 

   

 

   

 

Liabilities and stockholders’ equity         

Liabilities:         
Accounts payable   $ 8,280   $ 16,533   $   $   $ 24,813 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities    72,883    35,524     5,625  (f)   122,540 

        8,508  (g)  
Deferred tax liability, net    450    —       (450) (j)   —   
Notes payable and revolving line of credit    447,948    161,551    395,000  (a)   (161,551) (e)   777,948 

       (65,000) (a)    —  
    

 
    

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Total liabilities    529,561    213,608    330,000    (147,868)   925,301 
    

 
    

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Stockholders’ equity:         
Stockholders’ equity    496,465    102,184     105,984  (l)   592,724 

        (102,184) (l)  
        (5,625) (f)  
        (4,100) (h)  

Noncontrolling interests    —      126,326     (126,326) (l)   —   
    

 
    

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Total stockholders’ equity    496,465    228,510    —     (132,251)   592,724 
    

 
    

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $1,026,026   $442,118   $ 330,000   $ (280,119)  $1,518,025 
    

 

    

 

    

 

   

 

   

 

See notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.
 

-126-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 139/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities, Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2017
 

(dollars in thousands, except for share and per share data)   

Historical
Century

Communities   
Historical

UCP   
Pro Forma

Adjustments  
Pro Forma
Combined  

Revenues      
Homebuilding revenues      

Home sales revenues   $ 226,420  $ 94,002  $ —    $ 320,422 
Land sales and other revenues    1,896   496   —     2,392 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   228,316   94,498   —     322,814 
Financial services revenue    —     —     —     —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues    228,316   94,498   —     322,814 
Homebuilding Cost of Revenues      

Cost of home sales revenues    (182,324)   (76,653)   1,470  (b)   (259,699) 
     (2,192) (i)  

Cost of land sales and other revenues    (1,144)   (475)   —     (1,619) 
Impairment on real estate    —     (102)   —     (102) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   (183,468)   (77,230)   (722)   (261,420) 
Financial services costs    (754)   —     —     (754) 
Selling, general, and administrative    (33,212)   (13,651)   (175) (d)   (47,038) 
Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries    1,255   —     —     1,255 
Other income (expense)    (86)   460   425  (f)   1,391 

     592  (g)  
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income before income tax expense    12,051   4,077   120   16,248 
Income tax expense    (3,252)   (621)   (42) (j)   (3,915) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income before noncontrolling interests    8,799   3,456   78   12,333 
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling

interest    —     2,310   (2,310) (k)   —   
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income available to common stockholders   $ 8,799  $ 1,146  $ 2,388  $ 12,333 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Earnings per share:      
Basic   $ 0.40  $ 0.14   $ 0.47 (m) 
Diluted   $ 0.40  $ 0.14   $ 0.46 (m) 
Weighted average common shares outstanding:      
Basic    21,512,289   7,950,723    25,751,621 (m) 
Diluted    21,722,540   8,102,962    26,209,762 (m) 

See notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.
 

-127-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 140/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities, Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31, 2016
 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts)   

Historical
Century

Communities   
Historical

UCP   
Pro Forma

Adjustments  
Pro Forma
Combined  

Revenues      
Homebuilding revenues      

Home sales revenues   $ 978,733  $ 343,919  $ —    $ 1,322,652 
Land sales and other revenues    15,707   5,449   —     21,156 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   994,440   349,368   —     1,343,808 
Financial Services revenues    —     —     —     —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues    994,440   349,368   —     1,343,808 
Homebuilding Cost of Revenues      

Cost of home sales revenues    (786,127)   (280,614)   5,879  (b)   (1,069,034) 
     (8,172) (i)  

Cost of land sales and other revenues    (14,217)   (4,637)   —     (18,854) 
Impairment on real estate    —     (2,589)   —     (2,589) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   (800,344)   (287,840)   (2,293)   (1,090,477) 
Financial services costs    —     —     —     —   
Selling, general, and administrative    (122,224)   (48,418)   (700) (d)   (171,342) 
Goodwill impairment    —     (4,223)   —     (4,223) 
Equity in income of unconsolidated subsidiaries    191   —     —     191 
Other income (expense)    1,086   276   —     1,362 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income before income tax expense    73,149   9,163   (2,993)   79,319 
Income tax benefit (expense)    (23,609)   5,285   1,047  (j)   (17,277) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income before noncontrolling interests    49,540   14,448   (1,946)   62,042 
Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest   —     5,210   (5,210) (k)   —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income available to common stockholders   $ 49,540  $ 9,238  $ 3,264  $ 62,042 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Earnings per share:      
Basic   $ 2.34  $ 1.16   $ 2.44 (m) 
Diluted   $ 2.33  $ 1.15   $ 2.37 (m) 
Weighted average common shares outstanding      
Basic    20,679,189   7,969,028    24,906,938 (m) 
Diluted    20,791,937   8,064,728    25,655,745 (m) 

See notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Statements.
 

-128-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 141/265

Table of Contents

NOTES TO THE UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Basis of Presentation

On April 10, 2017, Century Communities, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Century Communities”), entered into an Agreement and
Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) with Casa Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Century Communities (“Merger Sub”), and UCP, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“UCP”), pursuant to which UCP will be merged with
and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”), with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as the surviving corporation (the “Surviving
Corporation”). As a result of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation, together with the legacy business and subsidiaries of UCP, will
become direct and indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of Century Communities.

Contemporaneously with the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of
UCP (“UCP Class A Common Stock”) will be converted into the right to receive (i) $5.32 in cash, without any interest thereon, and
(ii) 0.2309 of a duly authorized, fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Century
Communities (“Century Communities Common Stock”). No fractional shares of Century Communities Common Stock will be issued
in the Merger, and UCP stockholders will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares. As of March 31, 2017, PICO held 10,593,000
Series A Units of UCP, LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common Stock. The exchange of all
Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO into shares of UCP Class A Common Stock is a required condition to the closing of the
Merger, and as such, the effect of such exchange is reflected in the total number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding.

On May 12, 2017, Century Communities completed a private offering of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of its
5.875% Senior Notes due 2025 (the “May 2017 Notes”) at an issue price of 100%, which resulted in net proceeds of approximately
$395.0 million after offering costs. The May 2017 Notes were sold and issued in a private offering, exempt from the registration
requirements of the Securities Act, to qualified institutional buyers in reliance on Rule 144A under the Securities Act, and to certain
non-U.S. persons in transactions outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act.

The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements present the pro forma consolidated financial
position and results of operations of the combined company based upon the historical financial statements of Century Communities and
UCP, after giving effect to the Merger and adjustments described in these notes, and are intended to reflect the impact of the Merger on
Century Communities’ consolidated financial statements. The accompanying unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements are presented for illustrative purposes only and do not reflect the costs of any integration activities or benefits that may
result from realization of future cost savings due to operating efficiencies expected to result from the Merger. Certain amounts in the
historical consolidated financial statements of UCP have been reclassified to conform to the Century Communities’ presentation.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet gives effect to the Merger as if it had been consummated on
March 31, 2017 and includes estimated pro forma adjustments for the preliminary valuations of assets acquired and liabilities assumed.
These adjustments are subject to further revision as additional information becomes available and additional analyses are performed.
The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended
December 31, 2016 give effect to the Merger as if it had been consummated on January 1, 2016, the beginning of the earliest period
presented.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet has been adjusted to reflect the preliminary valuation of the net
assets acquired. The valuation of the assets and liabilities in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements is
based upon a purchase price of the net assets of approximately $203.7 million, inclusive of acquired cash and cash equivalents. This
amount was derived as described above and outlined below in accordance with the Merger Agreement, based on the outstanding shares
of UCP Class A Common Stock at April 10, 2017. The actual number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be
 

-129-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 142/265

Table of Contents

issued in the Merger will be based upon the actual number of shares of UCP Class A Common Stock outstanding when the Merger
closes, and the valuation of those shares will be based on the trading price of Century Communities Common Stock when the Merger
closes.

The preliminary purchase price, inclusive of cash acquired, is calculated as follows:
 

UCP Shares (including noncontrolling interest ) as of April 10, 2017 (1)    18,360,036 
Cash paid per share   $ 5.32 

    
 

Total cash consideration   $ 97,675,392 
    

 

UCP Shares (including noncontrolling interest ) as of April 10, 2017 (1)    18,360,036 
Exchange ratio    0.2309 

    
 

Number of shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued    4,239,332 
Closing price of Century Communities Common Stock on June 20, 2017 (2)   $ 25.00 

    
 

Consideration attributable to common stock   $105,983,300 
    

 

Total consideration in cash and equity   $203,658,692 
    

 

 
(1) Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013 (the “Exchange Agreement”), among UCP, UCP, LLC, a

Delaware limited liability company and subsidiary of UCP, and PICO Holdings, Inc., a California corporation and the majority
stockholder of UCP (“PICO”), PICO may exchange Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by it for shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock based on the Exchange Rate (as defined in the Exchange Agreement) at the time of such exchange. As of March 31, 2017,
PICO held 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP, LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of UCP Class A Common
Stock. The exchange of all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO into shares of UCP Class A Common Stock is a required
condition to the closing of the Merger, and as such, the effect of such exchange is reflected in the total number of shares of UCP
Class A Common Stock outstanding. The estimated value of the UCP Options and UCP Restricted Stock Units that are anticipated
to be attributable to pre-combination services and therefore included in consideration for the Merger are estimated to be nominal
to the total consideration, and consequently, have not been included in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
statements.

(2) An increase or decrease in the closing price per share of Century Communities Common Stock of 30%, which represents the
historical volatility of the price of Century Communities Common Stock over the preceeding year, would increase or decrease, as
the case may be, the total consideration by $31.8 million.

 
-130-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 143/265

Table of Contents

The following is a summary of the assets acquired and the liabilities anticipated to be assumed in the Merger. Century
Communities made an estimate of the fair value of the acquired assets and assumed liabilities based on information currently available.
Assets acquired include certain intangible assets, including a tradename. Once Century Communities finalizes a valuation analysis,
assumptions utilized to estimate fair value may change and accordingly estimated allocations may change.
 

(in thousands)   

Historical
UCP

Balance as
of March 31,

2017    

Pro Forma
Adjustment

for UCP
Transaction

Costs   

Adjusted
Historical

Balances of
UCP as of
March 31,

2017    

Purchase
Accounting
Adjustment  

Estimated
Fair Value as
of March 31,

2017  
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 34,270   $ —    $ 34,270   $ —    $ 34,270 
Accounts receivable    3,677    —     3,677    —     3,677 
Inventories    389,379    —     389,379    (17,743)   371,636 
Prepaid expenses and other assets    8,628    —     8,628    —     8,628 
Property and equipment, net    855    —     855    —     855 
Deferred tax asset, net    5,227    —     5,227     5,227 
Amortizable intangible assets, net    82    —     82    1,400   1,482 

    
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total assets   $ 442,118   $ —    $ 442,118   $ (16,343)  $ 425,775 
    

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

Accounts payable   $ 16,533   $ —    $ 16,533   $ —    $ 16,533 
Accrued expenses and other liabilities    35,524    8,508   44,032    —     44,032 
Notes payable and revolving loan agreement    161,551    —     161,551    —     161,551 

    
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total liabilities   $ 213,608   $ 8,508  $ 222,116   $ —    $ 222,116 
    

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

Purchase price/Net equity   $ 228,510   $ (8,508)  $ 220,002   $ (16,343)  $ 203,659 
    

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements reflect the following adjustments:
 

 
(a) May 2017 Notes: Adjusted to reflect the receipt by Century Communities of approximately $395.0 million in net proceeds in

connection with the private offering and issuance of the May 2017 Notes, and the subsequent use by Century Communities
of a portion of the net proceeds to repay $65.0 million of outstanding indebtedness under its revolving credit facility.

 

 

(b) Inventories Owned: Inventories owned (excluding homes under construction and model homes) were adjusted to their
estimated fair value in accordance with ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures under a land residual
value analysis. Under the land residual value analysis, we estimated what a willing buyer would pay and what a willing
seller would sell a parcel of land for (other than in a forced liquidation) in order to generate a market rate gross margin based
on projected revenues, costs to develop land, and costs to construct homes within a community. The gross margin used to
calculate land residual values and related fair values was generally consistent with Century Communities’ historical margins.
This evaluation and the assumptions used by Century Communities’ management to determine fair value required a
substantial degree of judgment, especially with respect to real estate projects that have a substantial amount of development
to be completed, have not started selling or are in the early stages of sales, or are longer-term in duration. Due to the inherent
uncertainty in the estimation process, significant volatility in the demand for new housing, and the availability of mortgage
financing for potential homebuyers, the fair value of the inventory to be acquired in the Merger may fluctuate significantly
between March 31, 2017 and the final completion of the Merger. This analysis resulted in a step-down of the Inventories
Owned of $41.7 million.

The step-down in inventories owned is reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for
the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016 as a decrease in cost of home sales revenues
of $1.5 million and $5.9 million, respectively. The

 
-131-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 144/265

Table of Contents

adjustments to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations represent the anticipated recognition of
the step-down in inventories owned based upon UCP’s lot supply as of March 31, 2017. As of March 31, 2017, UCP owned
4,234 lots and controlled 3,743 lots, which represented a six to eight year supply of inventory based on UCP’s historical
deliveries. Accordingly, we estimated approximately 4% and 15% of the step-down in inventory will be amortized into cost
of home sales revenues for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively.

 

 

(c) Homes Under Construction and Model Homes: Homes under construction and model homes were adjusted to increase their
estimated fair value by $24.0 million using the income approach. Revenues associated with the contract with the homebuyer
are projected over the life of the contract and cost of home sales and selling expenses are estimated using an expected
operating margin based on remaining costs to construct and sell the homes. While the impact of the step up of $24.0 million
is not reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations, as it is not expected to have a
continuing impact on Century Communities’ operating results, Century Communities anticipates recognizing this step up in
inventories in its post combination financial statements over a period of six to nine months as the related homes under
construction are delivered to third party buyers.

 

 

(d) Tradename: Century Communities currently anticipates continuing to build and sell homes, for certain acquired
communities, under UCP’s “Benchmark Communities” trade name. Accordingly, Century Communities estimated the fair
value of the tradename of $1.4 million using a relief-from-royalties method based on projected revenues over the estimated
useful life of approximately two years. The statement of operations for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year
December 31, 2016 includes $0.2 million and $0.7 million of amortization expense related to this intangible asset,
respectively.

 

 

(e) Notes Payable and Revolving Line of Credit and Cash and Cash equivalents: Cash on hand from the net proceeds of the
offering of the May 2017 Notes will be used to (i) repay UCP’s outstanding indebtedness of approximately $161.6 million,
which approximates its fair value, and (ii) pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration (in the aggregate amount of
approximately $97.7 million) to UCP stockholders in connection with the Merger.

 

 

(f) Century Communities Transaction Costs: Century Communities estimates that its expenses for this transaction will be
approximately $6.1 million, of which $0.4 million are reflected as an expense in the historical financials of Century
Communities for the three months ended March 31, 2017. These costs include fees for investment banking services, legal,
accounting, due diligence, tax, valuation, printing and other various services necessary to complete the transaction. The
estimated remaining expenses of Century Communities are reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
balance sheet as of March 31, 2017 as an increase to Accrued expenses and other liabilities of $5.6 million, and will be
reflected as an expense of Century Communities in the period the expense is incurred. In addition, the $0.4 million of
transaction costs that were realized during the three months ended March 31, 2017 are reflected as an adjustment in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations as they are non-recurring charges which result directly
from the Merger. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial statements do not reflect any potential termination
fees that could be required if the Merger was not completed.

 

 

(g) UCP Transaction Costs: UCP estimates that its expenses for this transaction will be approximately $9.1 million, of which
$0.6 million are reflected as an expense of UCP in the historical financials for the three months ended March 31, 2017.
These costs include fees for investment banking, legal, accounting, due diligence, tax, valuation, printing and other various
services necessary to complete the transaction. These estimated remaining expenses of UCP are reflected in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of March 31, 2017 as an increase to Accrued expenses and other liabilities
of $8.5 million, and will be reflected as an expense in UCP’s pre-Merger historical consolidated financial statements in the
period the expense is incurred. In addition, the $0.6 million of transaction costs that were realized during the three months
ended March 31, 2017

 
-132-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 145/265

Table of Contents

 
are reflected as an adjustment in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations as they are non-
recurring charges which result directly from the Merger.

 

 
(h) Other Integration Costs: The following integration costs are not included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined

statement of operations as they are non-recurring charges which result directly from the Merger:
 

 
•  Estimated transaction bonuses of $3.1 million to be paid to certain executives and other employees of UCP pursuant

to certain employment agreements; and
 

 
•  Estimated severance and other amounts of $1.0 million to be paid to non-executive employees of UCP pursuant to

certain retention agreements.
 

 

(i) Capitalized Interest: The adjustment to cost of home sales revenues is attributable to additional pro forma interest resulting
from the offering of the May 2017 Notes, offset by the repayment of UCP’s outstanding indebtedness and the repayment of
outstanding amounts under Century Communities’ revolving line of credit. These transactions which are discussed in
notes (a) and (e) above, along with the pro forma adjustments to inventory discussed in notes (b) and (c) above, result in an
increase of approximately 30% to the historical combined debt to inventory ratio of 48% as of March 31, 2017 (calculated as
$609.5 million of historical combined debt to $1,273.5 million of historical combined inventory), as compared to the pro
forma combined debt to inventory ratio of 62% as of March 31, 2017 (calculated as $777.9 million of pro forma combined
debt to $1,258.3 million of pro forma combined inventory). The increase in the ratio of average debt to average inventory
during the periods presented approximates the increase as of March 31, 2017 outlined above.

As the pro forma combined inventories are in excess of Century Communities’ pro forma combined notes payable and
revolving line of credit, the pro forma adjustment assumes that 100% of pro forma interest expense is capitalized to
inventories. Accordingly, the increase in the ratio of outstanding indebtedness to inventory results in a proportionate
increase to the amount of pro forma interest capitalized to each home during construction. As such, in order to estimate the
pro forma adjustment, Century Communities applied the increase in the ratio of combined debt to inventory of
approximately 30% to the historical combined interest in cost of home sales revenues of $7.3 million and $27.2 million for
the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively, resulting in pro forma
adjustments to increase the cost of home sales revenues of $2.2 million and $8.2 million for the three months ended
March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, respectively.

 

 

(j) Income Taxes: Adjustment to the deferred tax asset reflects the reclassification of Century Communities’ historical deferred
tax liability of $0.5 million, to reduce the deferred tax asset of UCP. Adjustment to increase income tax expense by
$42 thousand and decrease income tax expense by $1.0 million for the three months ended March 31, 2017 and the year
ended December 31, 2017, respectively, is based upon the net pro forma impact the Merger has upon historical taxable
income for the period presented using the statutory federal and state income tax rate of 35%. For the year ended
December 31, 2016, UCPs historical statement of operations includes a benefit from income taxes of $5.3 million, which is
primarily related to the reversal of a $5.4 million valuation allowance. The one-time benefit of the reversal of the valuation
allowance has not been adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations as it was reflected
it UCPs historical statement of operations. However, the benefit is not anticipated to occur in future periods, and Century
Communities anticipates that its effective tax rate after the Merger will likely approximate the historical effective tax rate of
Century Communities for the year ended December 31, 2016.

 

 
(k) As of March 31, 2017, PICO held 10,593,000 Series A Units of UCP, LLC, which are exchangeable for 10,401,722 shares of

UCP Class A Common Stock. The exchange of all Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO into shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock is a required condition to the closing of the Merger.

 
-133-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 146/265

Table of Contents

Income attributable to Series A Units of UCP, LLC held by PICO is reflected in the historical financial statements of UCP,
Inc. as net income attributable to the noncontrolling interest. Subsequent to the Merger, all subsidiaries of Century
Communities will be wholly owned, and a pro forma adjustment has been made to eliminate the net income attributable to
the noncontrolling interest in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations.

 

 (l) Stockholders’ Equity: Pro forma adjustments to stockholders’ equity and revolving line of credit represent:
 

 
•  the issuance of approximately 4.2 million shares of Century Communities Common Stock which increases

stockholders’ equity by $106.0 million, and
 

 
•  the acquisition and cancellation of UCP’s common stock and elimination of UCP equity, including noncontrolling

interests, which reduces stockholders’ equity by $228.5 million.
 

 

(m) The unaudited pro forma combined basic and diluted earnings per share for the periods presented are based on the basic and
diluted weighted-average number of outstanding shares after taking into account the shares issued in connection with the
Merger, as well as the application of the two-class method of calculating earnings per share, as Century Communities’ non-
vested restricted stock awards have non-forfeitable rights to dividends, and accordingly represent a participating security.
The two-class method is an earnings allocation method under which EPS is calculated for each class of common stock and
participating security considering both dividends declared (or accumulated) and participation rights in undistributed earnings
as if all such earnings had been distributed during the period. The denominator includes the estimated 4.2 million shares of
Century Communities Common Stock and 0.2 million Century Communities Restricted Stock Units that will be issued in
connection with the Merger and assumes that they were outstanding for the entire period.

The following table sets forth the computation of pro forma basic and diluted earnings per share for the three months ended
March 31, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, (in thousands, except share and per share information):
 

   
Three months ended

March 31, 2017    
Year Ended

December 31, 2016 
Numerator     
Pro forma net income   $ 12,333   $ 62,042 
Less: Pro forma undistributed earnings

allocated to participating securities    (152)    (1,183) 
    

 
    

 

Pro forma net income allocable to
common stockholders   $ 12,181   $ 60,859 

    

 

    

 

Denominator     
Pro forma weighted average common

shares outstanding—basic    25,751,621    24,906,938 
Pro forma dilutive effect of restricted

stock units    458,141    748,807
    

 
    

 

Pro forma weighted average common
shares outstanding—diluted    26,209,762    25,655,745

    

 

    

 

Pro forma earnings per share:     
Pro forma—Basic   $ 0.47   $ 2.44
Pro forma—Diluted   $ 0.46   $ 2.37

 
-134-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 147/265

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF CENTURY COMMUNITIES CAPITAL STOCK

The following is a summary of the material terms of Century Communities’ capital stock. Because it is only a summary, it may not
contain all of the information that may be important to you and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Century Communities
Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws. Accordingly, you should read the more detailed provisions of the Century Communities
Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws.

Authorized Shares

Century Communities’ authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and
50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share, issuable in one or more series. As of March 31, 2017, there were
22,291,222 shares of Century Communities Common Stock issued and outstanding, and no shares of preferred stock issued and
outstanding.

Common Stock

Voting. Each holder of Century Communities Common Stock is entitled to one vote per each share on all matters to be voted upon
by the common stockholders of Century Communities, and there are no cumulative voting rights. Subject to applicable law and the
rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock Century Communities may designate and issue in the
future, holders of Century Communities Common Stock will be entitled to vote on all matters on which stockholders generally are
entitled to vote.

Dividends. Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock Century Communities
may designate and issue in the future, holders of Century Communities Common Stock will be entitled to receive ratably the dividends,
if any, as may be declared from time to time by the Century Communities Board out of funds legally available for that purpose.

Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up. If there is a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Century Communities, subject to
the rights, if any, of the holders of outstanding shares of any series of preferred stock Century Communities may designate and issue in
the future, holders of Century Communities Common Stock would be entitled to ratable distribution of its assets remaining after the
payment in full of its liabilities.

Other Rights. Under the terms of the Century Communities Charter, the holders of Century Communities Common Stock have no
preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights, and there are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the
Century Communities Common Stock. All currently outstanding shares of Century Communities Common Stock are fully paid and
non-assessable. The rights of the holders of Century Communities Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the
rights of the holders of shares of any series of preferred stock that Century Communities may designate and issue in the future.

Preferred Stock

The Century Communities Charter provides that the Century Communities Board is expressly authorized to provide for the
issuance of shares of preferred stock in one or more series and, by filing a certificate of designation pursuant to the applicable law of
the State of Delaware (which we refer to as a “preferred stock designation”), to establish from time to time for each such series the
number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the designations, powers, rights and preferences of the shares of each
such series, if any, and the qualifications, limitations and restrictions, if any, thereof. The authority of the Century Communities Board
with respect to each series of preferred stock includes, but is not limited to, establishing the following:
 

 •  the designation of the series, which may be by distinguishing number, letter or title;
 

 
•  the number of shares of the series, which number the Century Communities Board may thereafter (except where otherwise

provided in the preferred stock designation) increase (but not above the total number of authorized shares of the class) or
decrease (but not below the number of shares thereof then outstanding);

 
-135-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 148/265

Table of Contents

 
•  whether dividends, if any, shall be paid, and, if paid, the date or dates upon which, or other times at which, such dividends

shall be payable, whether such dividends shall be cumulative or noncumulative, the rate of such dividends (which may be
variable) and the relative preference in payment of dividends of such series;

 

 •  the redemption provisions and price or prices, if any, for shares of the series;
 

 
•  the amounts payable on shares of the series in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, or dissolution of

Century Communities; and
 

 

•  whether the shares of the series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or series of Century
Communities, and, if so, the specification of such other class or series, the conversion price or prices, or rate or rates, any
adjustments thereto, the date or dates on which such shares shall be convertible and all other terms and conditions upon
which such conversion may be made.

Provisions in the Century Communities Charter and Century Communities Bylaws With Possible Anti-Takeover Effects

The Century Communities Charter, the Century Communities Bylaws, and Delaware law contain provisions that may delay or
prevent a transaction or a change in control of Century Communities that might involve a premium paid for shares of Century
Communities Common Stock or otherwise be in the best interests of the stockholders of Century Communities, which could adversely
affect the market price of Century Communities Common Stock. Certain of these provisions are described below.

Selected provisions of the Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws. The Century Communities
Charter and/or the Century Communities Bylaws contain anti-takeover provisions that, subject to the rights, if any, of any preferred
stock Century Communities may designate and issue in the future:
 

 

•  authorize the Century Communities Board, without further action by the stockholders of Century Communities, to issue up
to 50 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series, and with respect to each series, to fix the number of shares
constituting that series, the powers, rights and preferences of the shares of that series, and the qualifications, limitations and
restrictions of that series;

 

 
•  require that actions to be taken by the stockholders of Century Communities may be taken only at an annual or special

meeting of stockholders and not by written consent;
 

 
•  specify that special meetings of the stockholders of Century Communities can be called only by the Century Communities

Board, the chairman of the Century Communities Board, or the chief executive officer or president of Century Communities;
 

 
•  provide that the Century Communities Bylaws may be amended by the Century Communities Board without stockholder

approval;
 

 
•  provide that directors may be removed from office only by the affirmative vote of the holders of 662/3% of the voting power

of the capital stock of Century Communities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;
 

 
•  provide that vacancies on the Century Communities Board or newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the

number of directors may be filled only by a vote of a majority of directors then in office, even though less than a quorum;
 

 

•  provide that any amendment, modification or repeal of, or the adoption of any new or additional provision, inconsistent with
the Century Communities Charter provisions relating to the removal of directors, exculpation of directors, indemnification,
the prohibition against stockholder action by written consent, and the vote of stockholders required to amend the Century
Communities Bylaws requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 662/3% of the voting power of the capital stock
of Century Communities entitled to vote generally in the election of directors;

 
-136-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 149/265

Table of Contents

 
•  establish advance notice procedures for stockholders to submit nominations of candidates for election to the Century

Communities Board and other proposals to be brought before a stockholders meeting; and
 

 

•  designate the Delaware Court of Chancery, subject to jurisdictional limits, as the sole and exclusive forum for certain legal
claims and actions, including any action asserting a claim of or for breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director or officer
or other employee of Century Communities to Century Communities or its stockholders, unless Century Communities
consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum.

Delaware Anti-Takeover Statute. In the Century Communities Charter, Century Communities elected to be subject to Section 203
of the DGCL, an antitakeover statute. In general, Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a publicly-held Delaware corporation from
engaging in a “business combination” with an “interested stockholder” (as such terms are defined in Section 203) for a period of three
years following the time the person became an interested stockholder, unless: (i) prior to such time the board of directors of the
corporation approved either the business combination or the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder; (ii) upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the
interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the “voting stock” (as defined in Section 203) of the corporation outstanding at the time
the transaction commenced; or (iii) the business combination is approved by the board of directors and by the stockholders (acting at a
meeting and not by written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66-2/3% of the outstanding voting stock which is not “owned”
(as defined in Section 203) by the interested stockholder. Generally, a “business combination” includes a merger, asset or stock sale, or
other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder. Generally, an “interested stockholder” is a person who,
together with affiliates and associates, owns 15% or more of a corporation’s voting stock or is an affiliate or associate of the
corporation and was the owner of 15% or more of Century Communities’ outstanding voting stock at any time within the three-year
period immediately before the date of determination. The existence of this provision would be expected to have an anti-takeover effect
with respect to transactions not approved in advance by the Century Communities Board, including discouraging attempts that might
result in a premium over the market price for the shares of Century Communities Common Stock.

Authorized but Unissued Shares

Authorized but unissued shares of Century Communities Common Stock will be available for future issuance without stockholder
approval. Century Communities may use additional shares for a variety of purposes, including future offerings to raise additional
capital, to fund acquisitions and as employee compensation. The existence of authorized but unissued shares of Century Communities
Common Stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of Century Communities by means of a proxy
contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise.

Transfer Agent and Registrar

The transfer agent and registrar for Century Communities Common Stock is American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC.

National Securities Exchange

Century Communities Common Stock is listed for trading on the NYSE under the ticker symbol “CCS.”
 

-137-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 150/265

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDER RIGHTS

Century Communities and UCP are both Delaware corporations subject to the provisions of the DGCL. At the effective time of
the Merger, each share of UCP Class A Common Stock (other than dissenters’ shares or treasury shares held by UCP and any shares of
UCP Class A Common Stock owned by any UCP subsidiary, Century Communities or Century Communities subsidiary) will be
converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration, consisting of 0.2309 of a fully paid and nonassessable share of Century
Communities Common Stock and $5.32 cash. No fractional shares will be issued in the Merger, and UCP stockholders will receive
cash in lieu of any fractional shares. As a result, UCP stockholders will become stockholders of Century Communities and will have
their rights as stockholders governed by the Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws. The Century
Communities Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws will differ from the UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws that currently
govern the rights of UCP stockholders.

Set forth below are the material differences between the rights of a holder of Century Communities Common Stock under the
Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities Bylaws, on the one hand, and a holder of UCP Class A Common Stock
under the UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws, on the other hand.

The following summary does not reflect any rules of NYSE or any federal securities laws that may apply to Century
Communities or UCP in connection with the matters discussed. In addition, this summary does not purport to be a complete discussion
of, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to, the DGCL and the constituent documents of Century Communities and UCP.
 

Century Communities   UCP
Authorized Capital

•    100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share
 

•    50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share
 

Under the Century Communities Charter, the Century Communities
Board has the authority to issue preferred stock in one or more series
and to establish the designations, preferences and rights, including
voting rights, of each series.

  

•    501,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of which 500,000,000 shares are Class A Common
Stock and 1,000,000 shares are Class B Common Stock

 

•    50,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per
share

 

Under the UCP Charter, the UCP Board has the authority to
issue preferred stock in one or more series and to establish the
designations, preferences and rights, including voting rights, of
each series.

Voting rights

Each holder of Century Communities Common Stock is entitled to
one vote per share.

  

Each holder of Class A Common Stock is entitled to one vote
per share.
 

Each holder of Class B Common Stock, without regard to the
number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by such
holder, is entitled to one vote for each Series A Unit of UCP,
LLC held by such holder, multiplied by the Exchange Rate.
 

Holders of the Class A Common Stock and Class B Common
Stock vote together as a single class on all matters presented to
UCP stockholders for their vote or approval.

 
-138-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 151/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities   UCP
Quorum

Holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of
Century Communities capital stock entitled to vote at a meeting,
represented in person or proxy, constitute a quorum.

  

Holders of UCP stock having a majority of the votes which
could be cast by the holders of all outstanding classes of UCP
stock entitled to vote at a meeting, represented in person or
proxy, constitute a quorum.

Number of Directors and Size of Board

The Century Communities Bylaws provide that the size of board will
be one or more members, the number to be set by the Century
Communities Board.
 

Immediately after the effective time of Merger, the Century
Communities Board will be comprised of five members.   

The UCP Charter provides that the size of the UCP Board may
be set by the board, but may not be fewer than three members.
 

The UCP Board currently has six directors.

Term of Directors

The members of the Century Communities Board are elected for
one-year terms, to serve until their successors and duly elected and
qualified or until their earlier death, removal, resignation or
disqualification.   

The UCP Board is divided into three classes, Class I, Class II
and Class III, with staggered three year terms, each director
serving until their successor is duly elected and qualified or
until their earlier death, removal or resignation.

Election of Directors

The Century Communities Bylaws provide that, at any meeting for
the election of directors at which a quorum is present, each director
is elected by a plurality of the votes.   

The UCP Bylaws provide that directors shall be elected by a
plurality of the votes cast in the election of directors.

Removal of Directors

The Century Communities Charter provides that any director or the
entire board of directors may be removed solely by the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all the
then outstanding shares of capital stock of the corporation entitled to
vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single
class.   

The UCP Charter provides that a director may be removed by
the stockholders only for cause.

Stockholder Action by Written Consent

The Century Communities Charter provides that no action that is
required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the
corporation at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be
effected by written consent of the stockholders in lieu of a meeting.   

The UCP Charter expressly denies stockholders from acting by
written consent. The stockholders of UCP can only take action
at an annual or special meeting of the stockholders.

Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation

The Century Communities Charter provides that the affirmative vote
of the holders of at least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all the then
outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote generally in
the election of directors, voting together as a single class, is required
to   

The UCP Charter provides that the certificate of incorporation
may be amended in the manner prescribed by statute. Under
the DGCL, a company’s certificate of incorporation generally
may be amended by the affirmative vote of a majority of the

 
-139-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 152/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities   UCP
amend provisions of the Century Communities Charter related to:
 

•    removal of directors;
 

•    amendments to the Century Communities Bylaws;
 

•    the stockholders’ ability to act by written consent;
 

•    indemnification and advancement of expenses;
 

•    amendments to the certificate of incorporation requiring
supermajority vote; and

 

•    personal liability of directors.   

voting power of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on such
amendment and by the affirmative vote of a majority of the
voting power of the outstanding stock of each class entitled to
vote on such amendment as a class.

Amendment of Bylaws

The Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities
Bylaws provide that the Century Communities Bylaws may be
amended by the board of directors.
 

The stockholders may also make additional bylaws and may amend,
alter or repeal bylaws with the affirmative vote of the holders of at
least 66 2/3% of the voting power of all the then outstanding shares
of capital stock of the corporation entitled to vote generally in the
election of directors, voting together as a single class.

  

The UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws provide that the UCP
Bylaws may be altered, repealed or amended by the majority
vote of the whole board of directors.
 

A bylaw adopted by the holders of stock representing a
majority of the votes which could be cast by the holders of all
outstanding stock that prescribes the required vote for the
election of directors may not be altered by the board of
directors. The holders of stock representing a majority of the
votes which could be cast by the holders of all outstanding
stock may make additional bylaws and may alter and repeal
any bylaws whether adopted by them or otherwise.

Notice Requirement for Stockholder Nominations and Proposals

In order to submit any business at an annual meeting of stockholders
(including the nomination of a director), the Century Communities
Bylaws generally require a stockholder to give notice of such
business in writing to the Secretary of Century Communities so that
such written notice is received at the principal executive offices of
Century Communities not less than 90 days and not more than 120
days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual
meeting, or if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days
before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, notice must
be delivered not before 120 days prior to such annual meeting and
not later than the later of 90 days prior to such annual meeting or the
tenth day following the first public announcement of the date of the
meeting. The Century Communities Bylaws further describe the
information that a stockholder must provide in such notice, which
generally relates to the stockholder submitting the notice, the
Century Communities capital stock held by such stockholder, and the
director nominee or the other business desired to be brought before
the annual meeting.

  

In order to submit any business at an annual meeting of
stockholders (including the nomination of a director), the UCP
Bylaws generally require a stockholder to give notice of such
business in writing to the Secretary of UCP so that such written
notice is received at the principal executive offices of UCP not
less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first
anniversary of the date on which UCP first mailed its proxy
materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials
(whichever is earlier) for the immediately preceding year’s
annual meeting, or, if no annual meeting was held the previous
year or the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within
30 days from the first anniversary of the preceding year’s
annual meeting date, the written notice must be received no
earlier than 120 days before the date of such annual meeting
and not later than the later of 90 days before the date of such
annual meeting or on the tenth day following the first public
announcement of the date of such annual meeting. The UCP
Bylaws further describe the information that a stockholder
must provide in such notice, which generally relates

 
-140-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 153/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities   UCP

  

to the stockholder submitting the notice the UCP capital stock
held by such stockholder, and the director nominee or the other
business desired to be brought before the annual meeting.

Right to Call a Special Meeting of Stockholders

The Century Communities Bylaws provide that a special meeting of
the stockholders may be called by the board of directors, the
chairperson of the board of directors, the chief executive officer or
the president.

  

The UCP Charter provides that a special meeting of the
stockholders may be called at any time only by the chairman of
the board of directors, the chief executive officer (or if there is
no chief executive officer, the president), or the board of
directors.

Limitation of Personal Liability of Directors

The Century Communities Charter provides that no director will be
liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent not
permitted under the DGCL.

  

The UCP Charter provides that no director of UCP will be
liable to UCP or its stockholders for monetary damages for
breach of fiduciary duty as a director to the fullest extent
elimination or limitation of personal liability of directors is
permitted by the DGCL.

Indemnifications

The Century Communities Charter and the Century Communities
Bylaws provide that Century Communities will indemnify and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any
person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is
otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he
or she was a director or officer of Century Communities or, while a
director or officer of Century Communities, is or was serving at the
request of Century Communities as a director, officer, employee or
agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust,
enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to
employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss suffered and
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such
person.   

The UCP Charter and the UCP Bylaws provide that UCP will
indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by
law, any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made
a party or is otherwise involved in any action, suit or
proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or
investigative by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a
director or officer of UCP or is or was serving at the request of
UCP as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture or other enterprise,
against any and all liability and loss (including judgments,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement) suffered or
incurred and expenses reasonably incurred by such person.

State Antitakeover Statutes and Certain Certificate of Incorporation Provisions

Generally, under Delaware law, unless the certificate of
incorporation provides for the vote of a larger portion of the
outstanding stock, completion of a Merger or consolidation or sale of
substantially all of a corporation’s assets or dissolution requires the
approval of the board of directors and approval by the vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote on that
matter. The Century Communities Charter does not require a vote of
a larger portion of the outstanding stock for the events described
above.
 

Section 203 of the DGCL protects publicly-traded Delaware
companies, such as Century Communities,   

In the UCP Charter, UCP expressly elects not to be governed
by Section 203 of the DGCL.
 

The UCP Charter provides that UCP will not engage in any
business combination with any interested stockholder for a
period of three years following the time that such stockholder
became an interested stockholder, unless:
 

•    prior to such time, the UCP Board of directors approved
either the business combination or the transaction which
resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder;

 
 

-141-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 154/265

Table of Contents

Century Communities   UCP
from hostile takeovers, and from actions following the takeover, by
prohibiting certain business combinations once an acquirer has
gained a significant holding in the corporation.
 

A company may elect not to be governed by Section 203 of the
DGCL. In the Century Communities Charter, Century Communities
expressly elects to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL.

  

•    upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the
interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the voting
stock of UCP; or

 

•    at or subsequent to such time, the business combination is
approved by the UCP Board of directors and authorized at
an annual or special meeting of stockholders (and not by
written consent) by the affirmative vote of at least 66
2/3% of the outstanding voting power of all outstanding
voting shares not owned by the interested stockholder.

 
-142-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 155/265

Table of Contents

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

General

This section summarizes certain material provisions of Delaware law pertaining to appraisal rights. The following discussion,
however, is not a full summary of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under the DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by the full text
of Section 262 of the DGCL that is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus and incorporated by reference herein. All
references in Section 262 of the DGCL to “stockholder” are to the record holder of the shares of UCP Common Stock. The following
discussion does not constitute any legal or other advice, nor does it constitute a recommendation as to whether or not a UCP
stockholder should exercise its right to seek appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL.

If you hold one or more shares of UCP Common Stock continuously through the effective date of the Merger, you are entitled to
appraisal rights under Delaware law and have the right to demand appraisal of your shares in connection with the Merger, have your
shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and receive the “fair value” of such shares (as determined by the Delaware Court
of Chancery, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger) as of the completion of
the Merger in place of the Merger Consideration, if you comply with the procedures specified in Section 262 of the DGCL. Any such
UCP stockholder awarded “fair value” for the holder’s shares by the court would receive payment of that fair value in cash, together
with interest, if any, in lieu of the right to receive the Merger Consideration. It is possible that any such “fair value” as determined by
the Delaware Court of Chancery may be more or less than, or the same as, that which UCP stockholders will receive pursuant to the
Merger Agreement.

Under Section 262 of the DGCL, because UCP stockholders are being asked to adopt the Merger Agreement, not less than 20
days prior to the UCP special meeting to adopt such agreement, UCP must notify each stockholder who was a UCP stockholder on the
record date for notice of such meeting and who is entitled to exercise appraisal rights, that appraisal rights are available and include in
the notice a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL. This proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the required notice, and the copy of
applicable statutory provisions is attached as Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus.

A HOLDER OF UCP COMMON STOCK WHO WISHES TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS OR WHO WISHES
TO PRESERVE THE RIGHT TO DO SO SHOULD REVIEW THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY AND ANNEX D
CAREFULLY. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES OF SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL IN A TIMELY AND
PROPER MANNER MAY RESULT IN THE LOSS OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS. BECAUSE OF THE COMPLEXITY OF THE
PROCEDURES FOR EXERCISING THE RIGHT TO SEEK APPRAISAL, IF A HOLDER OF UCP COMMON STOCK
WISHES TO EXERCISE ITS APPRAISAL RIGHTS, THE HOLDER IS URGED TO CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL
AND FINANCIAL ADVISORS IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLIANCE UNDER SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL. A UCP
STOCKHOLDER WHO LOSES HIS, HER OR ITS APPRAISAL RIGHTS WILL BE ENTITLED TO RECEIVE THE PER
SHARE MERGER CONSIDERATION.

How to Exercise and Perfect Your Appraisal Rights

If you are a UCP stockholder and wish to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of your shares of UCP Common Stock, you must
comply with ALL of the following:
 

 

•  you must not vote FOR, or otherwise consent in writing to, the adoption of the Merger Agreement. Because a proxy that is
signed and submitted but does not otherwise contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the
adoption of the Merger Agreement, if you vote by proxy and wish to exercise your appraisal rights, you must vote against
the adoption of the Merger Agreement or abstain from voting your shares;

 

 
•  you must deliver to UCP a written demand for appraisal before the taking of the vote on the adoption of the Merger

Agreement at the UCP special meeting, and such demand must reasonably inform UCP of
 

-143-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 156/265

Table of Contents

 
your identity and your intention to demand appraisal of your shares of UCP Common Stock. The written demand for
appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote;

 

 
•  you must continuously hold your shares of UCP Common Stock from the date of making the demand through the effective

time of the Merger. You will lose your appraisal rights if you transfer the shares before the effective time of the Merger; and
 

 

•  you, another stockholder, an appropriate beneficial owner or the surviving company must file a petition in the Delaware
Court of Chancery requesting a determination of the fair value of the shares of UCP Common Stock within 120 days after
the effective time of the Merger. The surviving company is under no obligation to file any such petition in the Delaware
Court of Chancery and has no intention of doing so. Accordingly, it is the obligation of UCP stockholders or a beneficial
owner of UCP Common Stock to initiate all necessary action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of shares of UCP
Common Stock within the time prescribed in Section 262 of the DGCL.

In addition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss appraisal proceedings as to all shares of UCP capital stock if,
immediately before the Merger, such shares were listed on a national securities exchange unless (i) the total number of shares entitled
to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of UCP stock eligible for appraisal, or (ii) the value of the consideration provided in
the Merger for such total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds $1 million. We refer to these conditions as the “ownership
thresholds.” Because UCP Class A Common Stock is listed on a national securities exchange and is expected to continue be listed on
such exchange immediately before the Merger, at least one of the ownership thresholds must be met in order for UCP stockholders to
be entitled to seek appraisal with respect to such shares of UCP Class A Common Stock.

Voting, in person or by proxy, against, abstaining from voting on or failing to vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement will
not constitute a written demand for appraisal as required by Section 262 of the DGCL. The written demand for appraisal is in addition
to and separate from any proxy or vote.

Who May Exercise Appraisal Rights

Only a holder of record of shares of UCP Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
Merger may assert appraisal rights for the shares of UCP Common Stock registered in that holder’s name. A demand for appraisal must
be executed by or on behalf of the stockholder of record. The demand should set forth, fully and correctly, the stockholder’s name as it
appears on the stock certificates (or in the stock ledger). The demand must reasonably inform UCP of the identity of the stockholder
and that the stockholder intends to demand appraisal of his, her or its UCP Common Stock. Beneficial owners who do not also hold
their shares of UCP Common Stock of record may not directly make appraisal demands to UCP. The beneficial owner must, in such
cases, have the holder of record, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, submit the required demand in respect of those shares of
UCP Common Stock of record. A holder of record, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, who holds shares of UCP Common Stock
as a nominee or intermediary for others, may exercise his, her or its right of appraisal with respect to the shares of UCP Common Stock
held for one or more beneficial owners, while not exercising this right for other beneficial owners. In that case, the written demand
should state the number of shares of UCP Common Stock as to which appraisal is sought. Where no number of shares of UCP
Common Stock is expressly mentioned, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares of UCP Common Stock held in the name of
the holder of record.

IF YOU HOLD YOUR SHARES IN BANK OR BROKERAGE ACCOUNTS OR OTHER NOMINEE FORMS, AND
YOU WISH TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS, YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT WITH YOUR BANK, BROKER OR
NOMINEE TO DETERMINE THE APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR THE BANK, BROKERAGE FIRM OR OTHER
NOMINEE TO MAKE A DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL OF THOSE SHARES. IF YOU HAVE A BENEFICIAL INTEREST
IN SHARES HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A NOMINEE OR INTERMEDIARY,
YOU MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE HOLDER OF RECORD TO
 

-144-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 157/265

Table of Contents

FOLLOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY MANNER THE STEPS NECESSARY TO PERFECT YOUR APPRAISAL
RIGHTS. IF YOU HOLD YOUR SHARES THROUGH A BANK OR BROKERAGE WHO IN TURN HOLDS THE SHARES
THROUGH A CENTRAL SECURITIES DEPOSITORY NOMINEE, SUCH AS THE DEPOSITORY TRUST COMPANY, A
DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL OF SUCH SHARES MUST BE MADE BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE DEPOSITORY
NOMINEE AND MUST IDENTIFY THE DEPOSITORY NOMINEE AS THE HOLDER OF RECORD.

If you own shares of UCP Common Stock jointly with one or more other persons, as in a joint tenancy or tenancy in common,
demand for appraisal must be executed by or for you and all other joint owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or
more joint owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a stockholder of record; however, the agent must identify the holder or
holders of record and expressly disclose the fact that, in exercising the demand, such person is acting as agent for the holder or holders
of record. If you hold shares of UCP Common Stock through a nominee or intermediary who in turn holds the shares through a central
securities depository nominee such as Cede & Co., a demand for appraisal of such shares must be made by or on behalf of the
depository nominee and must identify the depository nominee as record holder.

If you elect to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL, you should mail or deliver a written demand to:

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
Attention: Secretary

Surviving Corporation’s Actions After Completion of the Merger

If the Merger is consummated, the surviving corporation will give written notice of the effective time within 10 days after the
effective time to UCP stockholders who did not vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and who made a written demand for appraisal
in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. At any time within 60 days after the effective time of the Merger, any UCP stockholder
that made a demand for appraisal but did not commence an appraisal proceeding or join in such a proceeding as a named party will
have the right to withdraw the demand and to accept the Merger Consideration in accordance with the Merger Agreement for his, her or
its shares of UCP Common Stock, but after such 60-day period a demand for appraisal may be withdrawn only with the written
approval of the surviving corporation. Within 120 days after the effective time of the Merger, either the record holder or a beneficial
owner of UCP Common Stock, provided such person has complied with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL and are
otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, or the surviving corporation may commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the
Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served on the surviving corporation in the case of a petition filed by a stockholder or
beneficial owner, demanding an appraisal of the value of the shares of UCP Common Stock held by all stockholders who have properly
demanded appraisal. The surviving corporation is under no obligation to file an appraisal petition and has no intention of doing so. If
you desire to have your shares appraised, you should initiate any petitions necessary for the perfection of your appraisal rights within
the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262 of the DGCL.

Within 120 days after the effective time of the Merger, any stockholder or beneficial owner who has complied with the provisions
of Section 262 of the DGCL will be entitled to receive from the surviving corporation, upon written request, a statement setting forth
the aggregate number of shares of UCP Common Stock not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and with respect to
which UCP has received demands for appraisal, and the aggregate number of holders of those shares. The surviving corporation must
mail this statement to you within the later of (1) 10 days after receipt by the surviving corporation of the request therefor or (2) 10 days
after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal. If you are the beneficial owner of shares of stock of UCP Common
Stock held in a voting trust or by a nominee or intermediary
 

-145-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 158/265

Table of Contents

on your behalf you may, in your own name, file an appraisal petition or request from the surviving corporation the statement described
in this paragraph.

If a petition for appraisal is duly filed by you or another holder of record or beneficial owner of UCP Common Stock who has
properly exercised his, her or its appraisal rights in accordance with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL, and a copy of the
petition is delivered to the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated, within 20 days after receiving
service of a copy of the petition, to provide the Delaware Court of Chancery with a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all holders who have demanded an appraisal of their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have
not been reached by the surviving corporation. The Delaware Court of Chancery will then determine which UCP stockholders are
entitled to appraisal rights and may require the stockholders of UCP demanding appraisal who hold certificated shares to submit their
stock certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings, and the Delaware Court
of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to any UCP stockholder who fails to comply with this direction. The Delaware Court of
Chancery will also dismiss proceedings as to all UCP stockholders if neither of the ownership thresholds described above is met.
Where proceedings are not dismissed or the demand for appraisal is not successfully withdrawn, the appraisal proceeding will be
conducted as to the shares of UCP Common Stock owned by such stockholders, in accordance with the rules of the Delaware Court of
Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings. The Delaware Court of Chancery will thereafter determine
the fair value of the shares of UCP Common Stock at the effective time of the Merger held by all UCP stockholders who have properly
perfected appraisal rights, exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together
with interest, if any. Unless the Delaware Court of Chancery in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest from
the effective time of the Merger through the date of payment of the judgment will be compounded quarterly and will accrue at 5% over
the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the effective
time of the Merger and the date of payment of the judgment. However, the surviving corporation has the right, at any point prior to the
Delaware Court of Chancery’s entry of judgment in the proceedings, to make a voluntary cash payment to each stockholder entitled to
appraisal. If the surviving corporation makes a voluntary cash payment pursuant to subsection (h) of Section 262 of the DGCL, interest
will accrue thereafter only on the sum of (i) the difference, if any, between the amount paid by the surviving corporation in such
voluntary cash payment and the fair value of the shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and (ii) interest accrued
before such voluntary cash payment, unless paid at that time. When the value is determined, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
direct the payment of such value, with interest thereon, if any, to the stockholders of UCP entitled to receive the same, forthwith in the
case of uncertificated stockholders or upon surrender by certificated stockholders of their stock certificates.

In determining the fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is required to take into account all relevant factors. In Weinberger
v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal
proceeding, stating that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial
community and otherwise admissible in court” should be considered and that “[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company.” The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that, in making this determination of fair
value, the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any other
factors which were known or which could be ascertained as of the date of the Merger which throw any light on future prospects of the
merged corporation. Section 262 of the DGCL provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such
exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative
elements of value arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court construed
Section 262 of the DGCL to mean that “elements of future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible
of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered.” In addition, Delaware courts have decided
that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual circumstances,
 

-146-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 159/265

Table of Contents

may or may not be a dissenter’s exclusive remedy. An opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a financial point of
view of the consideration payable in a merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value under Section 262
of the DGCL. The fair value of shares of UCP Common Stock as determined under Section 262 of the DGCL could be greater than, the
same as, or less than the value of the Merger Consideration. Century Communities does not anticipate offering more than the per share
Merger Consideration to any UCP stockholder exercising appraisal rights and reserves the right to make a voluntary cash payment
pursuant to subsection (h) of Section 262 of the DGCL and to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that, for purposes of Section 262, the
“fair value” of a share of UCP Common Stock is less than the per share Merger Consideration. No representation is made as to the
outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery.

If no party files a petition for appraisal within 120 days after the effective time or, in the case of demands for appraisal of UCP
Class A Common Stock, if neither of the ownership thresholds above has been satisfied in respect of such shares, then all UCP
stockholders will lose the right to an appraisal, and will instead receive the per share Merger Consideration described in the Merger
Agreement, without interest thereon, less any withholding taxes.

The Delaware Court of Chancery may determine the costs of the appraisal proceeding and may allocate those costs to the parties
as the Delaware Court of Chancery determines to be equitable under the circumstances. Each UCP stockholder party to the appraisal
proceeding is responsible for its own attorneys’ fees and expert witnesses’ fees and expenses, although, upon application of a
stockholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with
the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged
pro rata against the value of all shares of UCP Common Stock entitled to appraisal.

If you have duly demanded an appraisal in compliance with Section 262 of the DGCL you may not, on or after the effective time,
vote the shares of UCP Common Stock subject to the demand for any purpose or receive any dividends or other distributions on those
shares, except dividends or other distributions payable to holders of record of UCP Common Stock as of a record date prior to the
effective time of the Merger.

If you have not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined such a proceeding as a named party you may withdraw a demand
for appraisal and accept the Merger Consideration by delivering a written withdrawal of the demand for appraisal and an acceptance of
the Merger to the surviving corporation, except that any attempt to withdraw made more than 60 days after the effective time of the
Merger will require written approval of the surviving corporation, and no appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will
be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery. Such approval may be conditioned on the
terms the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just; provided, however, that this provision will not affect the right of any UCP
stockholder that has made an appraisal demand but who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined such proceeding as a
named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered in the Merger within 60 days after
the effective time of the Merger. If you fail to perfect, successfully withdraw your demand for appraisal, or lose the appraisal right,
your shares of UCP Common Stock will be converted into the right to receive the per share Merger Consideration, without interest
thereon, less any withholding taxes.

Failure to follow the steps required by Section 262 of the DGCL for perfecting appraisal rights may result in the loss of your
appraisal rights. In that event, you will be entitled to receive the per share Merger Consideration for your shares of UCP Common
Stock in accordance with the Merger Agreement. In view of the complexity of the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL, if you are a
UCP stockholder and are considering exercising your appraisal rights under the DGCL, you are urged to consult your own legal and
financial advisor.

THE PROCESS OF DEMANDING AND EXERCISING APPRAISAL RIGHTS REQUIRES COMPLIANCE WITH
THE PREREQUISITES OF SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL. IF YOU WISH TO
 

-147-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 160/265

Table of Contents

EXERCISE YOUR APPRAISAL RIGHTS, YOU ARE URGED TO CONSULT WITH YOUR OWN LEGAL AND
FINANCIAL ADVISORS IN CONNECTION WITH COMPLIANCE UNDER SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL. TO THE
EXTENT THERE ARE ANY INCONSISTENCIES BETWEEN THE FOREGOING SUMMARY AND SECTION 262 OF
THE DGCL, THE DGCL WILL GOVERN.
 

-148-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 161/265

Table of Contents

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the shares of Century Communities Common Stock to be issued in the Merger will be passed upon by Greenberg
Traurig, counsel to Century Communities. The ability of the Merger to qualify for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a
“reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code will be passed upon for Century Communities by Greenberg
Traurig, and for UCP by Paul, Weiss.

EXPERTS

Century Communities

The consolidated financial statements of Century Communities, Inc. appearing in its Annual Report (Form 10-K) for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2016 have been audited by Ernst & Young LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in
their report thereon, included therein, and incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements are incorporated
herein by reference in reliance upon such report given on the authority of such firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

UCP

The consolidated financial statements incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from UCP, Inc.’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and the effectiveness of UCP Inc.’s internal control over financial
reporting have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports,
which are incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon the
reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.
 

-149-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 162/265

Table of Contents

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the Merger is completed on the expected timetable, UCP does not intend to hold a 2017 annual meeting of its stockholders. If,
however, the Merger is not completed and the UCP 2017 annual meeting is held, proposals that stockholders wish to submit for
inclusion in UCP’s proxy statement for its 2017 annual meeting of stockholders pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act must
have been received by UCP’s Corporate Secretary at UCP, Inc., 99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400, San Jose, California 95113 no later
than December 7, 2016, unless the date of UCP’s 2017 annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after May 18, 2017, in which
case the proposal must be received a reasonable time before UCP begins to print and mail its proxy materials for its 2017 annual
meeting. Any stockholder proposal submitted for inclusion must be eligible for inclusion in UCP’s proxy statement in accordance with
the rules of the SEC.

With respect to proposals submitted by a UCP stockholder for consideration at UCP’s 2017 annual meeting but not for inclusion
in UCP’s proxy statement for such annual meeting, timely written notice of any stockholder proposal must have been received by UCP
at its principal executive offices in accordance with the UCP Bylaws not later than February 6, 2017, unless the date of UCP’s 2017
annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after May 18, 2017, in which case such written notice by the stockholder to be timely
must be received not earlier than the date which is 120 days prior to the date of UCP’s 2017 annual meeting and not later than the later
of the date which is 90 days prior to the date of UCP’s 2017 annual meeting and the close of business on the tenth day following the
date on which the first public disclosure of the date of UCP’s 2017 annual meeting was made. Such notice must contain the information
required by the UCP Bylaws.

Proposals intended to be presented at the 2017 annual meeting of Century Communities stockholders and included in Century
Communities’ proxy statement must have been received by Century Communities no later than December 2, 2016, and must have
otherwise complied with Rule 14a-8. Under the Century Communities Bylaws, for a proposal to be properly presented at Century
Communities’ 2017 annual meeting, other than a proposal included in the proxy statement pursuant to Rule 14a-8, such proposal must
have been received by Century Communities’ Corporate Secretary at Century Communities’ principal executive offices at 8390 East
Crescent Parkway, Suite 650, Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111, Attention: Corporate Secretary no later than February 10, 2017.

Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, Century Communities stockholders may present proper proposals for inclusion
in Century Communities’ proxy statement and for consideration at its next annual meeting of stockholders. To be eligible for inclusion
in the 2018 proxy statement, a proposal must be received by Century Communities no later than November 28, 2017, and must
otherwise comply with Rule 14a-8. While the Century Communities Board will consider stockholder proposals, it reserves the right to
omit from the Century Communities proxy statement stockholder proposals that Century Communities is not required to include under
the Exchange Act, including Rule 14a-8.

Under the Century Communities Bylaws, a stockholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election to the Century Communities
Board, or propose other business for consideration, at the Century Communities 2018 annual meeting of stockholders is required to
give written notice of such stockholder’s intention to make such a nomination or proposal to Century Communities’ Corporate
Secretary at Century Communities’ principal executive offices at 8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650, Greenwood Village,
Colorado 80111, Attention: Corporate Secretary. In order for a stockholder proposal for director nominations or other business, outside
of Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, to come before the Century Communities 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, such notice of
nomination or proposal must be made in accordance with the Century Communities Bylaws, which require appropriate notice to
Century Communities of the nomination or proposal not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date of such annual
meeting of stockholders. A notice of nomination or proposal is also required to contain specific information as required by the Century
Communities Bylaws. A nomination which does not comply with the requirements of the Century Communities Bylaws may not be
considered. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Century Communities Board will
 

-150-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 163/265

Table of Contents

consider validly nominated director candidates and will provide its recommendations to the Century Communities Board. In general, to
be timely, Century Communities must receive the notice of nomination or proposal not later than the 90th day nor earlier than the 120th
day prior to the date of the first anniversary of the Century Communities 2017 annual meeting. In this regard, Century Communities
must receive the notice of nomination or proposal no earlier than January 10, 2018 and no later than February 9, 2018.
 

-151-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 164/265

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Century Communities has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 to register with the SEC the shares of Century Communities
Common Stock to be issued to UCP stockholders as the stock portion of the Merger Consideration. This proxy statement/prospectus is
a part of that registration statement and constitutes a prospectus of Century Communities in addition to being a proxy statement of UCP
for its special meeting. The registration statement, including the attached annexes and exhibits, contains additional relevant information
about Century Communities and the Century Communities Common Stock. The rules and regulations of the SEC allow Century
Communities and UCP to omit certain information included in the registration statement from this proxy statement/prospectus.

Century Communities and UCP each file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC under the Exchange Act. You may read and copy any of this information at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the Public Reference Room. The
SEC also maintains a website that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers,
including Century Communities and UCP, who file electronically with the SEC. The address of that website is www.sec.gov. Investors
may also consult Century Communities’ and UCP’s website for more information about Century Communities or UCP, respectively.
Century Communities’ website is www.centurycommunities.com. UCP’s website is www.unioncommunityllc.com. Information
included on these websites is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

The SEC allows Century Communities and UCP to “incorporate by reference” into this proxy statement/prospectus information
that Century Communities and UCP file with the SEC, which means that important information can be disclosed to you by referring
you to those documents and those documents will be considered part of this proxy statement/prospectus. The information incorporated
by reference is an important part of this proxy statement/prospectus. Certain information that is subsequently filed with the SEC will
automatically update and supersede information in this proxy statement/prospectus and in earlier filings with the SEC. This proxy
statement/prospectus also contains summaries of certain provisions contained in some of the Century Communities or UCP documents
described in this proxy statement/prospectus, but reference is made to the actual documents for complete information. All of these
summaries are qualified in their entirety by reference to the actual documents.

The information and documents listed below, which Century Communities and UCP have filed with the SEC, are incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus:

Century Communities’ SEC Filings
 

 
•  Century Communities’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on

February 15, 2017, including portions of Century Communities’ Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed with the
SEC on March 29, 2017 to the extent specifically incorporated by reference therein;

 

 
•  Century Communities’ Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on May 5,

2017; and
 

 
•  Century Communities’ Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on January 23, 2017, January 26, 2017, March 2,

2017, April 11, 2017, April 13, 2017, May 8, 2017, May 9, 2017, and May 12, 2017.

UCP’s SEC Filings
 

 
•  UCP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on March 3, 2017, as

amended by Amendment Number 1 to the 2016 Annual Report on Form 10-K/A, filed with the SEC on April 28, 2017;
 

-152-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 165/265

Table of Contents

 •  UCP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC on May 5, 2017; and
 

 
•  UCP’s Current Reports on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 3, 2017, March 2, 2017, March 30, 2017, and April 11,

2017.

In addition, all documents filed by Century Communities and UCP with the SEC under Sections 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act after the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and before the date of the UCP special meeting shall be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus and made a part of this proxy statement/prospectus from the respective
dates of filing; provided, however, that Century Communities and UCP are not incorporating any information furnished under Items
2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K unless specifically stated otherwise.

Century Communities has supplied all information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus
relating to Century Communities, as well as all pro forma financial information, and UCP has supplied all such information relating to
UCP.

Documents incorporated by reference are available from Century Communities or UCP, as the case may be, without charge,
excluding any exhibits to those documents, unless the exhibit is specifically incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. Stockholders may obtain these documents incorporated by reference by requesting them in writing or by
telephone from the appropriate party at the following addresses and telephone numbers:

Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650

Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111
Telephone: (303) 770-8300

Attention: Corporate Secretary

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400

San Jose, California 95113
Telephone: (408) 207-9499

Attention: Investor Relations

You should not rely on information that purports to be made by or on behalf of Century Communities or UCP other than the
information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. Neither Century Communities nor UCP has
authorized anyone to provide you with information on behalf of Century Communities or UCP, respectively, that is different from what
is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.

If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the securities
offered by this proxy statement/prospectus or solicitations of proxies are unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to
direct these types of activities, then the offer presented in this proxy statement/prospectus does not extend to you.

This proxy statement/prospectus is dated July 3, 2017. You should not assume that the information in it is accurate as of any date
other than that date, and neither its mailing to stockholders nor the issuance of Century Communities Common Stock in the Merger
will create any implication to the contrary.
 

-153-



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 166/265

Table of Contents

Annex A

 
  

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

among

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC.,

CASA ACQUISITION CORP.,

and

UCP, INC.

Dated April 10, 2017

 
  



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 167/265

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
     Page  

ARTICLE I  
THE MERGER  

Section 1.01  The Merger    A-2 
Section 1.02  Closing    A-2 
Section 1.03  Effective Time    A-2 
Section 1.04  Effects    A-2 
Section 1.05  Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws    A-2 
Section 1.06  Directors    A-2 
Section 1.07  Officers    A-2 
Section 1.08  Plan of Reorganization    A-2 

ARTICLE II  
EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE

CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES
 
 

Section 2.01  Effect on Capital Stock    A-3 
Section 2.02  Exchange of Certificates    A-4 
Section 2.03  Treatment of Company Options, Company Restricted Stock Units and Equity Plans    A-6 
Section 2.04  Tax Withholding    A-7 

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

 
 

Section 3.01  Organization, Standing and Power    A-8 
Section 3.02  Capital Stock of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries    A-8 
Section 3.03  Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes    A-9 
Section 3.04

 No Conflicts; Consents    
A-
10 

Section 3.05
 SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal Controls    

A-
11 

Section 3.06
 Information Supplied    

A-
12 

Section 3.07
 Absence of Certain Changes or Events    

A-
13 

Section 3.08
 Other Assets    

A-
13 

Section 3.09
 Real Property    

A-
13 

Section 3.10
 Intellectual Property    

A-
14 

Section 3.11
 Information Technology    

A-
14 

Section 3.12
 Contracts    

A-
15 

Section 3.13
 Permits    

A-
16 

Section 3.14
 Insurance    

A-
16 

Section 3.15
 Taxes    

A-
16 

Section 3.16
 Proceedings    

A-
17 

Section 3.17
 Compliance with Laws    

A-
17 



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 168/265

Section 3.18
 Environmental Matters    

A-
18 

Section 3.19
 Employee Benefits    

A-
18 

Section 3.20
 Labor    

A-
20 

Section 3.21
 Affiliate Transactions    

A-
20 

Section 3.22
 Brokers; Fees and Expenses    

A-
20 

Section 3.23
 Opinion of Financial Advisor    

A-
20 

Section 3.24
 Ownership of Parent Common Stock    

A-
20 

Section 3.25
 No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance    

A-
20 

 
A-i



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 169/265

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(Continued)

 
    Page 

ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB  

Section 4.01
 Organization, Standing and Power    

A-
21 

Section 4.02
 Capital Stock of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries    

A-
21 

Section 4.03
 Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes    

A-
22 

Section 4.04
 No Conflicts; Consents    

A-
23 

Section 4.05
 SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal Controls    

A-
23 

Section 4.06
 Information Supplied    

A-
25 

Section 4.07
 Absence of Certain Changes or Events    

A-
25 

Section 4.08
 Other Assets    

A-
25 

Section 4.09
 Real Property    

A-
26 

Section 4.10
 Intellectual Property    

A-
26 

Section 4.11
 Information Technology    

A-
27 

Section 4.12
 Contracts    

A-
27 

Section 4.13
 Permits    

A-
28 

Section 4.14
 Insurance    

A-
28 

Section 4.15
 Taxes    

A-
28 

Section 4.16
 Proceedings    

A-
30 

Section 4.17
 Compliance with Laws    

A-
30 

Section 4.18
 Environmental Matters    

A-
30 

Section 4.19
 Employee Benefits    

A-
31 

Section 4.20
 Labor    

A-
32 

Section 4.21
 Affiliate Transactions    

A-
32 

Section 4.22
 Brokers; Fees and Expenses    

A-
32 

Section 4.23
 Ownership of Company Common Stock    

A-
32 

Section 4.24
 Availability of Funds; Financing    

A-
32 

Section 4.25
 Capitalization and Operation of Merger Sub    

A-
32 



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 170/265

Section 4.26
 No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance    

A-
33 

ARTICLE V  
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS  

Section 5.01
 Conduct of Business by the Company    

A-
33 

Section 5.02
 No Solicitation; Change of Company Recommendation    

A-
35 

Section 5.03
 Conduct of Business by Parent    

A-
38 

ARTICLE VI  
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS  

Section 6.01
 Preparation of the S-4 Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting    

A-
40 

Section 6.02
 Access to Information; Confidentiality    

A-
41 

Section 6.03
 Reasonable Efforts; Notification    

A-
42 

Section 6.04
 Employee Benefits    

A-
43 

Section 6.05
 Indemnification    

A-
44 

Section 6.06
 Fees and Expenses    

A-
45 

Section 6.07
 Public Announcements    

A-
46 

Section 6.08
 Certain Tax and Structure Matters    

A-
47 

Section 6.09
 Transaction Litigation    

A-
47 

 
A-ii



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 171/265

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(Continued)

 
    Page 

Section 6.10
 Rule 16b-3    

A-
47 

Section 6.11
 Exchange of PICO Membership Interests    

A-
47 

Section 6.12
 Listing of Shares of Parent Common Stock on the NYSE    

A-
47 

Section 6.13
 Delisting of Shares of Company Common Stock from the NYSE    

A-
48 

ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

 
 

Section 7.01
 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger    

A-
48 

Section 7.02
 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub    

A-
48 

Section 7.03
 Conditions to Obligation of the Company    

A-
49 

Section 7.04
 Frustration of Closing Conditions    

A-
50 

ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER  

Section 8.01
 Termination    

A-
50 

Section 8.02
 Effect of Termination    

A-
51 

Section 8.03
 Amendment    

A-
51 

Section 8.04
 Extension; Waiver    

A-
52 

Section 8.05
 Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver    

A-
52 

ARTICLE IX  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  

Section 9.01
 Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties    

A-
52 

Section 9.02
 Notices    

A-
52 

Section 9.03
 Definitions    

A-
53 

Section 9.04
 Interpretation    

A-
60 

Section 9.05
 Severability    

A-
60 

Section 9.06
 Counterparts    

A-
61 

Section 9.07
 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries; Etc.    

A-
61 

Section 9.08
 Governing Law    

A-
61 

Section 9.09
 Assignment    

A-
61 



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 172/265

Section 9.10
 Enforcement    

A-
62 

Section 9.11
 Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury; Etc.    

A-
62 

 
EXHIBITS  

Exhibit A  Form of Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
Exhibit B  Company Knowledge Group
Exhibit C  Parent Knowledge Group

SCHEDULES

Company Schedules
Parent Schedules
 

A-iii



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 173/265

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
 

 
A-iv

Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement  Section 9.03
Adjusted Option  Section 2.03(a)
Affiliate  Section 9.03
After Consultation  Section 9.03
Agreement  Preamble
Anti-Takeover Laws  Section 3.03(b)
Appraisal Shares  Section 2.01(c)
Benefit Protection Period  Section 6.04(a)
Business Day  Section 9.03
Canceled Shares  Section 2.01(a)
Cash Consideration  Section 2.01(b)(i)
Cash Consideration for Fractional

Shares  Section 2.02(d)
Certificate of Merger  Section 1.03
Certificates  Section 2.01(b)(ii)
Class B Stock  Recitals
Closing  Section 1.02
Closing Date  Section 1.02
Code  Section 9.03
Company  Preamble
Company Benefit Plans  Section 3.19(a)
Company Board  Section 3.03(b)
Company By-laws  Section 3.01(b)
Company Capital Stock  Section 3.02(a)
Company Charter  Section 3.01(b)
Company Common Stock  Recitals
Company Contracts  Section 3.12(a)
Company Employees  Section 6.04(a)
Company ERISA Affiliate  Section 9.03
Company Financial Advisor  Section 3.22
Company Financial Statements  Section 3.05(b)
Company Intellectual Property  Section 9.03
Company Intervening Event  Section 9.03
Company IT Systems  Section 3.11
Company Material Adverse Effect  Section 9.03
Company Option  Section 2.03(a)
Company Pension Plans  Section 3.19(a)
Company Preferred Stock  Section 3.02(a)
Company Property  Section 3.09(b)
Company Qualifying Transaction  Section 6.06(c)
Company Recommendation  Section 3.03(b)
Company Recommendation Change  Section 5.02(d)
Company Recommendation Change

Notice  Section 5.02(e)

Company Registered IP  Section 3.10(a)
Company Restricted Stock Unit  Section 2.03(b)
Company Schedules  Article III
Company SEC Documents  Section 3.05(a)
Company Stock Plan  Section 9.03
Company Stockholder Approval  Section 3.03(c)
Company Stockholders Meeting  Section 6.01(e)
Company Subsidiaries  Section 3.01(a)
Company Trade Secrets  Section 9.03
Company Takeover Proposal  Section 9.03
Company Treasury Stock  Section 3.02(a)
Confidentiality Agreement  Section 6.02(c)
Consent  Section 3.04(b)
Contract  Section 3.02(a)
Control  Section 9.03
DGCL  Section 1.01
Effective Time  Section 1.03
Enforceability Exceptions  Section 3.03(a)
Environmental Laws  Section 9.03
Environmental Permits  Section 9.03
Equity Award Exchange Ratio  Section 2.03(d)
Equity Interest  Section 9.03
ERISA  Section 3.19(a)
Exchange  Section 6.111
Exchange Act  Section 9.03
Exchange Agent  Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Agreement  Recitals
Exchange Fund  Section 2.02(a)
Exchange Request  Section 6.111
Filed Company SEC Documents  Section 9.03
Filed Parent SEC Documents  Section 9.03
Filing  Section 3.04(b)
GAAP  Section 9.03
Governmental Entity  Section 3.04(b)
Hazardous Materials  Section 9.03
Intellectual Property  Section 9.03
Intended Tax Treatment  Section 3.15(l)
Judgment  Section 9.03
Knowledge  Section 9.03
Law  Section 9.03
Leased Property  Section 3.09(b)
Lien  Section 9.03
Maximum Premium  Section 6.05(b)
Merger  Recitals
Merger Consideration  Section 2.01(b)(ii)
Merger Sub  Preamble



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 174/265

Table of Contents

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS
(Continued)

 

 
A-v

NYSE  Section 9.03
Offsite Facility  Section 9.03
Ordinary Course of Business  Section 9.03
Outside Date  Section 8.01(b)(i)
Owned Property  Section 3.09(a)
Parent  Preamble
Parent Benefit Plans  Section 4.19(a)
Parent Board  Section 4.03(c)
Parent By-laws  Section 4.01(b)
Parent Capital Stock  Section 4.02(a)
Parent Charter  Section 4.01(b)
Parent Common Stock  Recitals
Parent Contracts  Section 4.12(a)
Parent ERISA Affiliate  Section 9.03
Parent Financial Advisor  Section 4.22
Parent Financial Statements  Section 4.05(c)
Parent Intellectual Property  Section 9.03
Parent IT Systems  Section 4.11
Parent Leased Property  Section 4.09(b)
Parent Material Adverse Effect  Section 9.03
Parent Options  Section 9.03
Parent Offsite Facility  Section 9.03
Parent Owned Property  Section 4.09(a)
Parent Pension Plans  Section 4.19(a)
Parent Preferred Stock  Section 4.02(a)
Parent Property  Section 4.09(b)
Parent Registered IP  Section 4.10(a)
Parent Restricted Stock  Section 9.03
Parent Restricted Stock Unit  Section 9.03
Parent Schedules  Article IV
Parent SEC Documents  Section 4.05(a)
Parent Stock Plan  Section 9.03
Parent Stock Value  Section 9.03
Parent Subsidiaries  Section 4.01(a)
Parent Trade Secrets  Section 9.03
Permits  Section 3.13
Permitted Lien  Section 9.03

Person  Section 9.03
PICO  Recitals
PICO Membership Interests  Section 9.03
Prior Company Bidders  Section 5.02(a)
Proceeding  Section 9.03
Proxy Statement  Section 9.03
Reference Date  Section 3.02(a)
Related Persons  Section 9.03
Release  Section 9.03
Relevant Date  Section 3.05(a)
Representation Letters  Section 6.08(c)
Representative  Section 9.03
S-4 Registration Statement  Section 9.03
Sarbanes-Oxley Act  Section 9.03
SEC  Section 9.03
Section 262  Section 2.01(c)
Securities Act  Section 9.03
Significant Company Subsidiary  Section 3.01(a)
Significant Parent Subsidiary  Section 4.01(a)
Standstill Agreements  Section 9.03
Stock Consideration  Section 2.01(b)(i)
Stock Exchange Ratio  Section 2.01(b)(i)
Subsidiary  Section 9.03
Superior Company Proposal  Section 9.03
Surviving Corporation  Section 1.01
Tax Opinions  Section 6.08(c)
Tax Return  Section 9.03
Taxes  Section 9.03
Transaction Litigation  Section 6.09
Transactions  Section 1.01
Transfer Taxes  Section 6.08
UCP LLC  Recitals
UCP LLC Agreement  Section 9.03
Voting Agreement  Recitals
Voting Company Debt  Section 3.02(a)
Voting Parent Debt  Section 4.02(a)
willful breach  Section 9.03



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 175/265

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into on April 10, 2017 by and among
Century Communities, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Casa Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and UCP, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”).

WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company desire to effect a business combination through the merger of the Company
with and into Merger Sub, with Merger Sub as the surviving entity in such merger (the “Merger”);

WHEREAS, the respective Boards of Directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have duly approved the Merger on the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, whereby, at the Effective Time, each issued and outstanding share of
Class A Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Company Common Stock”), not owned by Parent, Merger
Sub or the Company, and not otherwise constituting Appraisal Shares, shall be converted into the right to receive $5.32 in cash and a
number of duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent
(“Parent Common Stock”) equal to the Stock Exchange Ratio as set forth in Section 2.01(b) (Conversion of Company Common Stock);

WHEREAS, as a material inducement and condition to Parent’s decision to enter into, and concurrently with the execution and
delivery of, this Agreement, that certain Exchange Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013 (the “Exchange Agreement”), by and among
the Company, UCP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and Affiliate of the Company (“UCP LLC”), and PICO Holdings, Inc.,
a California corporation (“PICO”), has been amended, effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, to facilitate the
transactions referred to in the immediately following recital and required by Section 6.11 (Exchange of PICO Membership Interests),
which, as expressly set forth in Section 7.01(c) (Exchange of PICO Membership Interests), is a condition precedent to the
consummation of the Merger;

WHEREAS, PICO will exercise its right, effective as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, to exchange the PICO
Membership Interests in UCP LLC, and to receive in respect thereof 10,401,722 newly issued shares of Company Common Stock in
accordance with the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement;

WHEREAS, as a material inducement and condition to Parent’s decision to enter into, and concurrently with the execution and
delivery of, this Agreement, Parent has entered into with PICO a voting support and transfer restriction agreement (the “Voting
Agreement”), pursuant to which, subject to the terms thereof, PICO has agreed to, among other things, waive all rights to appraisal
under Section 262 pertaining to its shares of Company Capital Stock, attend and otherwise be present for quorum and voting purposes
at the Company Stockholders Meeting, and affirmatively vote all its shares of Class B Common Stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the
Company (“Class B Stock”) and any shares of Company Common Stock it may acquire after the date hereof for the adoption of this
Agreement;

WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company intend that the Merger shall qualify as a “reorganization” under Section
368(a) of the Code and that this Agreement shall constitute a “plan of reorganization” within the meaning of the Code; and

WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
in this Agreement and with respect to the Merger and the other Transactions, and also to prescribe various conditions precedent to the
consummation of the Merger.
 

A-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 176/265

Table of Contents

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
set forth herein, and intending to be legally bound, each of Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company hereby agrees as follows:

ARTICLE I
THE MERGER

Section 1.01    The Merger. On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance with the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), the Company shall be merged with and into Merger Sub at the
Effective Time. At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of the Company shall cease, and Merger Sub shall continue as
the surviving corporation (the “Surviving Corporation”). The Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the
Voting Agreement, and the Exchange Agreement are referred to herein as the “Transactions.”

Section 1.02    Closing. The closing of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall take place at the offices of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, 1840
Century Park East, Suite 1900, Los Angeles, CA 90067, at 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time, on the third Business Day following the date on
which each of the conditions set forth in Article VII (Conditions Precedent) is satisfied or, to the extent permitted by Law, waived by
the party entitled to waive such condition (except in any such case for any conditions that by their nature can be satisfied only on the
Closing Date, but subject to the satisfaction of such conditions or waiver by the party entitled to waive such conditions). The date on
which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the “Closing Date.”

Section 1.03    Effective Time. Before the Closing, Merger Sub shall prepare and, on the Closing Date, shall file with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, a certificate of merger or other appropriate documents (in any such case, the “Certificate of
Merger”) executed in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL and shall make all other filings or recordings required
under the DGCL. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Certificate of Merger is duly filed with such Secretary of State,
or at such other time as Parent and the Company shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger (the time the Merger becomes
effective being the “Effective Time”).

Section 1.04    Effects. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in Section 259 of the DGCL.

Section 1.05    Certificate of Incorporation and By-laws.

(a)    The Certificate of Incorporation of Merger Sub, attached as Exhibit A, as in effect immediately before the Effective Time
shall be the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation, until, subject to Section 6.05 (Indemnification), thereafter
changed or amended as provided therein or by Law.

(b)    The By-laws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately before the Effective Time shall be the By-laws of the Surviving
Corporation, until, subject to Section 6.05 (Indemnification), thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by Law.

Section 1.06    Directors. The directors of Merger Sub immediately before the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation, until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal, or until their respective successors are duly elected and
qualified, as the case may be.

Section 1.07    Officers. The officers of Merger Sub immediately before the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal, or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed
and qualified, as the case may be.

Section 1.08    Plan of Reorganization. Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company intend that, for U.S. federal income Tax purposes,
the Merger will constitute a “plan of reorganization” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Sections 1.368-2(g) and 1.368-3,
which plan of reorganization has been adopted by Parent, the Company and Merger Sub by means of executing this Agreement.
 

A-2



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 177/265

Table of Contents

ARTICLE II
EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE

CONSTITUENT CORPORATIONS; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

Section 2.01    Effect on Capital Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder of any shares of Company Capital Stock or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub:

(a)    Cancelation of Company Treasury Stock, Class B Stock, and Parent-Owned Stock. Each share of (i) Company Treasury
Stock, (ii) Class B Stock, and (iii) Company Common Stock that is owned by the Company, Parent, Merger Sub, or any of the
Company’s or Parent’s wholly-owned Subsidiaries (such shares referred to in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), collectively, “Canceled Shares”),
shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and no Merger Consideration shall be
delivered or deliverable in exchange therefor.

(b)    Conversion of Company Common Stock.

(i)    Subject to Sections 2.01(a) (Cancelation of Company Treasury Stock, Class B Stock, and Parent-Owned Stock) and
2.01(c) (Appraisal Rights), each issued and outstanding share of Company Common Stock (other than Canceled Shares and
Appraisal Shares) shall be converted into the right to receive and become exchangeable for (A) $5.32 in cash, without any interest
thereon (the “Cash Consideration”), and (B) 0.2309 (the “Stock Exchange Ratio”) of a duly authorized, fully paid and
non-assessable share of Parent Common Stock (the “Stock Consideration”).

(ii)    The Stock Consideration to be issued, and Cash Consideration payable, upon the conversion of shares of Company
Common Stock pursuant to this Section 2.01(b), and Cash Consideration for Fractional Shares payable in lieu of fractional shares
of Parent Common Stock as contemplated by Section 2.02(d) (No Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock), are referred to
collectively herein as the “Merger Consideration.” As of the Effective Time, subject to Section 2.01(c) (Appraisal Rights), all
shares of Company Common Stock shall no longer be outstanding, shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and
each holder of a certificate or certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented any such shares of Company
Common Stock (the “Certificates”) shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive Merger
Consideration and certain dividends and other distributions under Section 2.02(j) (Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged
Shares), without interest, upon surrender of such Certificate in accordance with Section 2.02 (Exchange of Certificates).

(iii)    Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, if from and after the date of this Agreement until the
Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a
different series or class of shares of Parent Capital Stock by reason of any reclassification, recapitalization, split-up, combination,
re-combination, exchange of shares or adjustment, or a stock dividend thereon shall be declared with a record date within such
period, the Stock Exchange Ratio shall be appropriately and proportionately adjusted. For purposes of clarification, nothing in the
preceding sentence shall be deemed to imply or provide that the Stock Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted by reason or in respect of
any change in price or value of a share of Parent Common Stock from and after the date hereof.

(c)    Appraisal Rights. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, shares (“Appraisal Shares”) of Company
Common Stock that are outstanding immediately before the Effective Time and that are held by any Person who is entitled to demand
and properly demands appraisal of such Appraisal Shares pursuant to, and who complies in all respects with, Section 262 of the DGCL
(“Section 262”), shall not be converted into Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(b) (Conversion of Company Common
Stock), but rather shall entitle the holder thereof to only those rights provided under Section 262; provided, however, that if any such
holder shall fail to perfect or otherwise shall waive, withdraw or lose the right to appraisal under Section 262,
 

A-3



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 178/265

Table of Contents

then the right of such holder to receive such rights provided under Section 262 shall cease and such Appraisal Shares shall be deemed
to have been converted as of the Effective Time into solely the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01(b)
(Conversion of Company Common Stock). The Company shall deliver prompt notice to Parent of any demands received by the
Company for appraisal of any shares of Company Common Stock, and the Company shall give Parent the right to participate in all
negotiations and Proceedings with respect to such demands. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, without the prior
written consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to, or settle, compromise or offer to settle or compromise, any such
demands, or otherwise agree to do any of the foregoing.

(d)    Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger Sub issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall remain outstanding, and all such shares shall constitute the only issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time.

Section 2.02    Exchange of Certificates.

(a)    Exchange Agent. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit or cause to be deposited in an account (the “Exchange
Fund”) established by a bank or trust company designated by the Company and reasonably acceptable to Parent (the “Exchange
Agent”), (i) sufficient funds for the payment of the aggregate Cash Consideration, and (ii) evidence of shares of Parent Common Stock
in book-entry form representing the aggregate Stock Consideration, for the benefit of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock
as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, in each case for exchange in accordance with this Article II, through the Exchange
Agent. Parent shall also make available to the Exchange Agent, from time to time as needed, funds sufficient to pay the Cash
Consideration for Fractional Shares in lieu of any fractional shares of Parent Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.02(d) (No
Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock). In the event the Exchange Fund shall be insufficient to make any payments of Cash
Consideration pursuant to Section 2.01(b) or Cash Consideration for Fractional Shares contemplated by Section 2.02(d), Parent shall
promptly deposit, or cause to be deposited, additional funds with the Exchange Agent in an amount sufficient to make such payments.
Funds made available to the Exchange Agent shall be invested by the Exchange Agent, as directed by Parent, in direct short-term
obligations of, or direct short-term obligations fully guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States of America with
maturities of no more than 30 days, pending payment thereof by the Exchange Agent to the holders of shares of Company Common
Stock pursuant to Section 2.02(d); provided, however, that no investment of such deposited funds shall relieve Parent, the Surviving
Corporation, or the Exchange Agent from promptly making the payments required by Section 2.02(d), and following any losses from
any such investment, Parent shall promptly provide additional funds to the Exchange Agent in the amount of such losses, which
additional funds will be held and disbursed in the same manner as funds initially deposited with the Exchange Agent for payment of
the Cash Consideration and Cash Consideration for Fractional Shares to the holders of Company Common Stock and/or Company
Options entitled thereto. Parent shall direct the Exchange Agent to hold the Exchange Fund for the benefit of such holders of Company
Common Stock and/or Company Options, and to make payments from the Exchange Fund in accordance with this Section 2.02. The
Exchange Fund shall not be used for any purpose other than to fund payments pursuant to this Article II.

(b)    Exchange Procedures. The Surviving Corporation shall instruct the Exchange Agent to mail, as soon as reasonably
practicable after the Effective Time, to each holder of record of Certificates that immediately before the Effective Time represented
outstanding shares of Company Common Stock whose shares were converted into the right to receive Merger Consideration pursuant
to Section 2.01(b) (Conversion of Company Common Stock), (i) a letter of transmittal (which shall specify that delivery shall be
effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall
be in such form and have such other provisions as the Company may reasonably specify) and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the
surrender of the Certificates in exchange for Merger Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate for cancelation to the Exchange
Agent or to such other agent or agents as may be appointed by the Company, together with such letter of transmittal, duly executed, and
such other documents as may reasonably be required
 

A-4



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 179/265

Table of Contents

by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor, in respect of the aggregate
number of shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate immediately prior to the Effective Time, (1) a check in
the amount of the (A) aggregate Cash Consideration that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.01(b) plus
(B) aggregate Cash Consideration for Fractional Shares that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.02(d) (No
Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock), if any, and (2) the number of shares of Parent Common Stock representing the Stock
Consideration (which shall be in uncertificated book-entry form) that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.01(b),
and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be canceled. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Company Common Stock that
is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, payment may be made and shares may be issued to a Person other than the
Person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered is registered, if such Certificate shall be properly endorsed or otherwise be in
proper form for transfer, and the Person requesting such payment shall pay any transfer or other taxes required by reason of the
payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or establish to the satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that
such tax has been fully paid or is not applicable. Subject to the last sentence of Section 2.02(c) (No Further Ownership Rights in
Company Common Stock), until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02, each Certificate that immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented shares of Company Common Stock shall be deemed from and after the Effective Time to represent only the
right to receive the Merger Consideration into which such shares of Company Common Stock have been converted pursuant to
Section 2.01(b) and certain dividends and other distributions under Section 2.02(j) (Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged
Shares). No interest shall be paid or accrue on any cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate.

(c)    No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. The Merger Consideration paid in accordance with the terms of
this Article II, upon the conversion of shares of Company Common Stock at the Effective Time, shall be deemed to have been paid in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock. After the Effective Time, there shall be no further
registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock that were
outstanding immediately before the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, any Certificates that immediately prior to the Effective
Time represented shares of Company Common Stock are presented to the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent for any
reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.

(d)    No Fractional Shares of Parent Common Stock. No certificates or scrip representing fractional shares of Parent Common
Stock shall be issued upon the conversion of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.01(b) (Conversion of Company Common
Stock), and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof to any Parent Common Stock or to vote or to any other
rights of a holder of Parent Common Stock. All fractional shares to which a single record holder of Company Common Stock would be
otherwise entitled to receive shall be aggregated and calculations shall be rounded to three decimal places. In lieu of any such fractional
shares, each holder of Company Common Stock and/or Company Options who would otherwise be entitled to receive such fractional
shares shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, without interest, rounded up to the nearest whole cent (such amount, “Cash
Consideration for Fractional Shares”), equal to the product of (i) the amount of the fractional share interest in a share of Parent
Common Stock to which such holder would, but for this Section 2.02(d), be entitled under Section 2.01(b), multiplied by (ii) the Parent
Stock Value.

As promptly as practicable after the determination of the amount of cash, if any, to be paid to holders of Company Common Stock
and/or Company Options in lieu of any fractional share interests in Parent Common Stock, the Exchange Agent shall make available
such amounts, without interest, to the holders of Company Common Stock and/or Company Options entitled to receive such cash
subject to and in accordance with the terms hereof.

(e)    Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of Company
Common Stock and/or Company Options for one year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to the Surviving Corporation, upon
demand, and any holder of Company Common Stock who has not theretofore complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to
the Surviving Corporation or Parent for payment of its claim for Merger Consideration.
 

A-5



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 180/265

Table of Contents

(f)    No Liability. None of Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in
respect of any cash from the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar Law. If any Certificate has not been surrendered before five years after the Effective Time (or immediately before such earlier
date on which Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity), any such cash in
respect of such Certificate shall, to the extent permitted by Law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation, free and clear of all
claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

(g)    Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making
of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving
Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond in customary amount as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it
with respect to such Certificate, the Exchange Agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate any cash that
would be payable or deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement had such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate been
surrendered.

(h)    Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash included in the Exchange Fund, as directed by the
Surviving Corporation in accordance with Section 2.02(a) (Exchange Agent), on a daily basis. Any interest and other income resulting
from such investments shall be paid to the Surviving Corporation.

(i)    Uncertificated Shares. In the case of any outstanding shares of Company Common Stock that are not represented by
Certificates, the parties shall make such adjustments to this Section 2.02 as are necessary or appropriate to implement the same purpose
and effect that this Section 2.02 has with respect to shares of Company Common Stock that are represented by Certificates.

(j)    Distributions with Respect to Unexchanged Shares. All shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued pursuant to the Merger
shall be deemed issued and outstanding as of the Effective Time and, whenever a dividend or other distribution is declared by Parent in
respect of the Parent Common Stock, the record date for which is at or after the Effective Time, that declaration shall include dividends
or other distributions in respect of all shares issuable pursuant to this Agreement. No dividends or other distributions in respect of the
Parent Common Stock shall be paid to any holder of any unsurrendered Certificate until such Certificate (or affidavits of loss in lieu of
the Certificate as provided in Section 2.02(g)) is surrendered for exchange in accordance with this Article II. Subject to the effect of
applicable Laws, following surrender of any such Certificate (or affidavits of loss in lieu of the Certificate as provided in
Section 2.02(g)), there shall be issued and/or paid to the holder of the certificates representing whole shares of Parent Common Stock
issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (A) at the time of such surrender, the dividends or other distributions with a record date at
or after the Effective Time theretofore payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock and not paid and (B) at the
appropriate payment date, the dividends or other distributions payable with respect to such whole shares of Parent Common Stock with
a record date at or after the Effective Time and a payment date subsequent to the time of such surrender.

Section 2.03    Treatment of Company Options, Company Restricted Stock Units and Equity Plans.

(a)    Treatment of Company Options. Prior to the Effective Time, the Parent Board and the Company Board (or, if appropriate,
any duly authorized committee thereof) each, as applicable, shall take all corporate actions necessary, including adopting appropriate
resolutions and obtaining consents if required, to provide that, at the Effective Time, each outstanding equity award granted under the
Company Stock Plan that is an option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock (each, a “Company Option”), whether vested or
unvested, shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into an option to
purchase shares of Parent Common Stock (an “Adjusted Option”) on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such
Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time (including vesting terms, conditions and schedules), with the number of
shares of Parent Common Stock (rounded down to the nearest
 

A-6



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 181/265

Table of Contents

whole number of shares) subject to such Adjusted Option equal to the product of (i) the total number of shares of Company Common
Stock underlying such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by (ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio,
and with the exercise price applicable to such Adjusted Option to equal the quotient (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) obtained by
dividing (1) the exercise price per share applicable to such Company Option immediately prior to the Effective Time, by (2) the Equity
Award Exchange Ratio; provided, that the exercise price and the number of shares of Parent Common Stock underlying the Adjusted
Option shall be determined in a manner consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code; and provided, further, that, in
the case of any Company Option to which Section 422 of the Code applies, the exercise price and the number of shares of Parent
Common Stock underlying the corresponding Adjusted Option shall be determined in accordance with the foregoing, subject to such
adjustments as are necessary in order to satisfy the requirements of Section 424(a) of the Code.

(b)    Treatment of Company Restricted Stock Units. Prior to the Effective Time, the Parent Board and the Company Board (or, if
appropriate, any duly authorized committee thereof) each, as applicable, shall take all corporate actions necessary, including adopting
appropriate resolutions and obtaining consents if required, to provide that, at the Effective Time, each outstanding equity award granted
under the Company Stock Plan that is a restricted stock unit with respect to a share of Company Common Stock (each, a “Company
Restricted Stock Unit”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be converted into a
restricted stock unit award with respect to a share of Parent Common Stock, with the same terms and conditions as were applicable
under such Company Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the Effective Time (including vesting and settlement terms, conditions
and schedules), and relating to the number of shares of Parent Common Stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock subject to such Company Restricted Stock Unit immediately prior to the Effective Time, multiplied by
(ii) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded to the nearest whole number of shares of Parent Common
Stock.

(c)    Termination of Company Stock Plan. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any duly
authorized committee thereof) shall take all such actions necessary to provide that, as of the Effective Time, the Company Stock Plan
shall terminate, and no further Company Options, Company Restricted Stock Units or other rights with respect to shares of Company
Common Stock shall be granted thereunder.

(d)    Equity Award Exchange Ratio. For purposes of this Agreement, the “Equity Award Exchange Ratio” shall be equal to the
sum of (i) the Stock Exchange Ratio and (ii) the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the Cash Consideration by (y) the Parent Stock
Value, rounded to the nearest ten-thousandth.

Section 2.04    Tax Withholding. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Parent and the Exchange
Agent shall be entitled to withhold, from any amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement, such amounts as may be required to be
deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or under any provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law, or under any other applicable
legal requirement, as determined by Parent or the Exchange Agent in good faith. To the extent amounts are withheld in accordance
with this Section 2.04, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom
such amounts would otherwise have been paid.

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as set forth in the disclosure schedules of the Company delivered to Parent and Merger Sub prior to the execution of this
Agreement (collectively, the “Company Schedules,” and individually, a “Company Schedule”) (but only to the extent that any
disclosure in the Company Schedules contains a reference to the Section in this Article III to which such disclosure relates or the
Section in this Article III to which such disclosure relates is otherwise reasonably apparent on its face) or in the Filed Company SEC
Documents to the
 

A-7



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 182/265

Table of Contents

extent publicly available at least two Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement (but excluding statements in any “Risk Factors”
section that do not constitute statements of fact and any disclosures of risks or other matters included in any “forward-looking
statement” disclaimers or other statements that are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), the Company represents and
warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

Section 3.01    Organization, Standing and Power.

(a)    The Company and each of its Subsidiaries (the “Company Subsidiaries”) is duly organized, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized. Company Schedule 3.01(a) lists each Significant Company
Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of organization. The Company and each Company Subsidiary is duly qualified and in good standing to
do business in each jurisdiction in which the conduct or nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or holding of its properties
make such qualification necessary, except such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, individually or in
the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of this
Agreement, “Significant Company Subsidiary” means any Company Subsidiary that constitutes a significant Subsidiary within the
meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

(b)    The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of the Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of the Company, as amended to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the “Company Charter”), and the Amended
and Restated By-laws of the Company, as amended to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the “Company By-laws”), and the
comparable charter and organizational documents of each Significant Company Subsidiary, in each case as amended to the date of this
Agreement.

Section 3.02    Capital Stock of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries.

(a)    The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 500,000,000 shares of Company Common Stock, 1,000,000 shares
of Class B Stock and 50,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Company Preferred Stock” and, together
with the Company Common Stock and the Class B Stock, the “Company Capital Stock”). At the close of business on March 31, 2017
(the “Reference Date”), (i) 7,958,314 shares of Company Common Stock and no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and
outstanding, (ii) 146,346 shares of Company Common Stock were held by the Company in its treasury (the “Company Treasury
Stock”), (iii) 582,214 Company Restricted Stock Units were outstanding, (iv) 116,652 shares of Company Common Stock were subject
to outstanding Company Options, (v) 780,774 additional shares of Company Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the
Company Stock Plan, and (vi) 100 shares of Class B Stock were issued and outstanding. Company Schedule 3.02(a)(i) sets forth
certain details regarding all outstanding Company Restricted Stock Units and Company Options, including whether or not they are
vested and vesting schedules. Company Schedule 3.02(a)(ii) sets forth for each Significant Company Subsidiary the amount of its
authorized capital stock or comparable equity interests, the amount of its outstanding capital stock or comparable equity interests and
the record and beneficial owners of its outstanding capital stock or comparable equity interests, and there are no other shares of capital
stock or comparable equity interests or other equity securities of any Significant Company Subsidiary issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding, in each case as of the date hereof. Except as set forth above, at the close of business on the Reference Date, no shares of
capital stock or other voting securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Since the Reference Date to
the date of this Agreement, (A) there have been no issuances by the Company of shares of Company Capital Stock or other voting
securities of the Company, other than issuances of Company Common Stock pursuant to the exercise of Company Options, and
(B) there have been no issuances by the Company of options, warrants, other rights to acquire shares of Company Capital Stock or
other rights that give the holder thereof any economic benefit accruing to the holders of any Company Capital Stock. All outstanding
shares of Company Capital Stock and all the outstanding shares of capital stock or comparable equity interest of each Company
Subsidiary are, and all such shares or interests that may be issued before the Effective Time will be, when issued, duly authorized,
validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to, or issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option, right of first
refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any
 

A-8



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 183/265

Table of Contents

similar right under any provision of Law (including the DGCL), the Company Charter, the Company By-laws, the certificate of
incorporation or by-laws (or comparable documents) of any Company Subsidiary or any contract, lease, license, indenture, agreement,
commitment or other legally binding arrangement (“Contract”) to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or
otherwise bound. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company or any Company Subsidiary having the
right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of common
stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary may vote (“Voting Company Debt”). Except as contemplated by the Exchange
Agreement or as set forth above, as of the date hereof, there are no options, warrants, rights, convertible or exchangeable securities,
“phantom” stock rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units or Contracts to which the Company or any Significant
Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them is bound (x) obligating the Company or any Significant Company Subsidiary
to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests in, or any
security convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable into any capital stock of or other Equity Interest in, the Company or any
Significant Company Subsidiary or any Voting Company Debt, or (y) obligating the Company or any Significant Company Subsidiary
to issue, grant, extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, security or Contract. As of the date hereof, there are no
outstanding contractual obligations of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares
of capital stock, membership interests, partnership interests, joint venture interests or other Equity Interests of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, other than pursuant to the Exchange Agreement.

(b)    Immediately prior to the Effective Time, after giving effect to the consummation of the Exchange and assuming no other
changes to the Company Capital Stock since the Reference Date, 18,368,036 shares of Company Common Stock and no shares of
Company Preferred Stock will be issued and outstanding.

(c)    Immediately prior to the Effective Time, after giving effect to the consummation of the Exchange, all the membership
interests in UCP LLC shall be held by the Company, such that the Company shall hold all the economic interests, all the voting power,
and all the management power, in UCP LLC.

(d)    Company Schedule 3.02(d) sets forth a true and complete list of all capital stock, membership interests, partnership interests,
joint venture interests and other Equity Interests with a fair market value as of the date hereof in excess of $500,000 in any Person
(other than a Company Subsidiary) owned as of the date hereof, directly or indirectly, by the Company or any Company Subsidiary.

Section 3.03    Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes.

(a)    The Company has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the Voting
Agreement, to perform and comply with each of its obligations under this Agreement and the Voting Agreement, and to consummate
the Merger and the other Transactions. The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement and the Voting Agreement, the
performance and compliance by the Company with each of its obligations herein, and the consummation by the Company of the
Merger and the other Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company, subject, in
the case of the adoption of this Agreement pursuant to Section 251 of the DGCL, to receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval.
The Company has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation
of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by
applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other Laws of general application affecting the enforcement of
creditors’ rights and remedies, and Laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief and similar equitable
remedies (collectively, the “Enforceability Exceptions”).

(b)    The Board of Directors of the Company (the “Company Board”), at a meeting duly called and held, has duly adopted
resolutions (i) approving this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) determining that the terms
of the Merger and the other Transactions are fair to and in the best
 

A-9



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 184/265

Table of Contents

interests of the Company and its stockholders, (iii) recommending that the Company’s stockholders adopt this Agreement, and
(iv) declaring that this Agreement is advisable (the resolutions, actions and determinations referred to in clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) of
this Section 3.03(b) being hereafter referred to as, the “Company Recommendation”), which resolutions have not been withdrawn or
modified as of the date hereof. Assuming the accuracy of the representations set forth in Section 4.23 (Ownership of Company
Common Stock), the Company Board has taken all necessary action, including adopting the foregoing resolutions and all such other
such resolutions necessary, to render inapplicable to Parent and Merger Sub, and to this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the
Exchange Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, the limitations on ownership of Company Common Stock set forth in
Article XII of the Company Charter and the restrictions on business combinations contained in Section 203 of the DGCL. To the
Knowledge of the Company, no other “business combination,” “interested stockholder,” “freeze out,” “control share acquisition,” “fair
price,” “supermajority,” “moratorium,” or other anti-takeover Laws (collectively with Section 203 of the DGCL, “Anti-Takeover
Laws”), or similar provision in the Company Charter or Company By-laws apply to this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the
Exchange Agreement, the Merger or the other Transactions. Other than with respect to the Confidentiality Agreement and the Standstill
Agreements, the Company has not amended, waived, failed to enforce in the case of any counterparty breach or otherwise modified the
terms or conditions of any standstill, confidentiality or other similar agreement entered into in connection with the possible sale of, or a
business combination or other similar extraordinary corporate transaction involving, the Company and currently in effect to which the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party.

(c)    The only vote of holders of any class or series of Company Capital Stock necessary to adopt this Agreement under
applicable Law, the Company Charter and the Company By-laws is the adoption of this Agreement by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of shares of the Company Capital Stock, with the holders of Company Common
Stock and holders of Class B Stock voting together as a single class (the “Company Stockholder Approval”).

Section 3.04    No Conflicts; Consents.

(a)    The execution and delivery by the Company hereof do not, and the consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions
and compliance with the terms hereof will not, contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without notice
or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancelation or acceleration of any obligation, to a right to
challenge the Transactions or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or
assets of the Company or any Company Subsidiary under, any provision of (i) the Company Charter, the Company By-laws or the
comparable charter or organizational documents of any Company Subsidiary, (ii) any Contract or Company Benefit Plan to which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their respective properties or assets is bound, or (iii) subject to the
filings and other matters referred to in Section 3.04(b), any Judgment or Law applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary
or their respective properties or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 3.04(a), any such items that,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All
Contracts, Permits, registrations and licenses necessary to conduct the Company’s and the Company Subsidiaries’ businesses as
substantially conducted on the date hereof are in the name of UCP LLC or a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of UCP LLC,
and UCP LLC or such Subsidiary, as applicable, is the principal party thereto, except for those Contracts, Permits, registrations and
licenses for which the loss thereof would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    No consent, approval, waiver, license, order, permit, franchise, authorization or Judgment (“Consent”) of, or material
registration, declaration, notice, report, submission or other filing (“Filing”) with, any government or any arbitrator, tribunal or court of
competent jurisdiction, administrative or regulatory agency or commission or other governmental or public authority or instrumentality
or subdivision (in each case whether federal, state, local, municipal, foreign, international or multinational) (a “Governmental Entity”)
is required to be obtained or made by or with respect to the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any controlled Affiliate of the
Company in
 

A-10



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 185/265

Table of Contents

connection with the execution, delivery and performance hereof or the consummation of the Transactions, other than (i) the filing with
the SEC of (A) the Proxy Statement, and (B) such Filings under Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act as may be required in
connection with this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Exchange Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) such
Filings and Consents as may be required under the rules and regulations of the NYSE, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in
which the Company is qualified to do business, (iv) such Filings and Consents as may be required in connection with the Taxes
described in Section 6.08 (Certain Tax and Structure Matters), (v) such Filings and Consents as may be required solely by reason of
Parent’s (as opposed to any other generic third party acquiror’s) participation in the Transactions and (vi) such other Filings and
Consents the failure of which to obtain or make, individually or in the aggregate, has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to
have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.05    SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal Controls.

(a)    The Company has filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by the
Company prior to the date hereof with the SEC since December 31, 2014 (the “Relevant Date”) pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14(a) and
15(d) of the Exchange Act (the “Company SEC Documents”). As of its respective date, or, if amended, as of the date of the last such
amendment, each Company SEC Document complied in all material respects, and all documents required to be filed or furnished by
the Company with the SEC after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time (the “Subsequent Company SEC Documents”) will
comply in all material respects, with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to such Company SEC Document, subject to the last sentence of Section 3.06 (Information Supplied) with
respect to the Proxy Statement, and none of the Company SEC Documents contained, and none of the Subsequent Company SEC
Documents will contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, or will omit, to state a material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, or are to be
made, not misleading.

(b)    With respect to each annual report on Form 10-K, each quarterly report on Form 10-Q and each amendment of any such
report included in the Company SEC Documents filed since January 1, 2014 or to be included in the Subsequent Company SEC
Documents, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company have made or will make all certifications required by
the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, and the statements contained or
to be contained in any such certifications are or will be when made complete and correct.

(c)    The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC Documents or to be included in the
Subsequent Company SEC Documents, including the notes thereto and all related compilations, reviews and other reports issued by the
Company’s accountants with respect thereto (the “Company Financial Statements”), complied at the time it was filed, and will comply
at the time it is filed in the Subsequent Company SEC Documents, as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting
requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. The Company Financial Statements included in
the Company SEC Documents fairly present in all material respects, and the Company Financial Statements included in the Subsequent
Company SEC Documents will fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations, cash flows
and changes in stockholders’ equity of the Company (on a consolidated basis) as of the respective dates of and for the periods referred
to in the Company Financial Statements, all in accordance with GAAP, subject, in the case of interim Company Financial Statements,
to normal year-end adjustments and the absence of notes.

(d)    To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company and the Company Subsidiaries do not have any liabilities or obligations of
a nature required by GAAP to be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of the Company, except (i) as disclosed, reflected or
reserved against in the most recent balance sheet prior to the date of this Agreement included in the Company Financial Statements or
the notes thereto and (ii) for liabilities and
 

A-11



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 186/265

Table of Contents

obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of such balance sheet. This representation shall not be deemed
breached as a result of changes in GAAP or in Law after the date hereof. There are no off-balance sheet special purpose entities and
financing arrangements of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of
Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that have not been so described in the Company SEC Documents.

(e)    The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting
(as such terms are defined in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act) as required by Rule 13a-15
under the Exchange Act. The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all material
information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or furnishes under the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such material
information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding
required disclosure and to make the certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(f)    The internal controls over financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of the financial reporting of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the preparation of the financial statements of the
Company and its Subsidiaries for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.

(g)    The Company has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to the Company’s auditors and the
audit committee of the Company Board (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
controls over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and
report financial information, and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a
significant role in the internal controls of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries. The Company has made available to Parent all
such disclosures made by management to the Company’s auditors and the audit committee of the Company Board.

(h)    As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the
SEC with respect to any Company SEC Documents. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, the Company has not received written
notice from the SEC or any other Governmental Entity that any of its accounting policies or practices are or may be the subject of any
review, inquiry, investigation or challenge by the SEC or other Governmental Entity. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, the
Company’s independent public accounting firm has not informed the Company that it has any material questions, challenges or
disagreements regarding or pertaining to the Company’s accounting policies or practices. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, to
the Knowledge of the Company, no officer or director of the Company has received, or is entitled to receive, any material
compensation from any entity that has engaged in or is engaging in any material transaction with the Company or any Company
Subsidiary.

(i)    The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all rules, regulations and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the SEC.

Section 3.06    Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by the Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in (a) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the Company’s stockholders or at the time of
the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, or necessary to correct any statement in any earlier communication with respect to the solicitation of proxies for the
Company Stockholders Meeting, and (b) the S-4 Registration Statement will, at the time the S-4 Registration Statement is filed with
the SEC, or at any time it is amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the
 

A-12



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 187/265

Table of Contents

Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The
Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and
regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 3.06, no representation is made by the Company with respect to
statements made or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement and/or the S-4 Registration Statement based on information
supplied by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their representatives expressly (or conspicuously on its face) for inclusion or incorporation by
reference in the Proxy Statement and/or the S-4 Registration Statement.

Section 3.07    Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents, from the date
of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents prior to the date hereof, there has not occurred
any event, change, effect or development that has had, or is likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Parent acknowledges that there may have been or may be disruption to the Company’s and the Company Subsidiaries’
business as a result of the intention to sell the Company (and there may be disruption to the Company’s and the Company Subsidiaries’
business as a result of the announcement of the execution of this Agreement and the consummation of the Transactions), and Parent
acknowledges that such disruptions do not and shall not constitute a breach of this Section 3.07. From the date of the most recent
financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents prior to the date hereof, the business of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries has been conducted in the Ordinary Course of Business (other than in connection with the process to sell the
Company).

Section 3.08    Other Assets. The Company or a Company Subsidiary has good and valid title to all the material assets reflected
on the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Company SEC Documents prior to the date hereof or thereafter acquired,
other than assets disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business, in each case free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.09    Real Property.

(a)    With respect to the real property owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (individually, an “Owned Property”),
except for matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, either the Company or a Company Subsidiary has good and insurable fee title to such Owned Property, in
each case free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and other conditions, covenants, encroachments, easements, restrictions
and other encumbrances that do not materially adversely affect the use of the Owned Property by the Company or a Company
Subsidiary for residential home building.

(b)    Except for matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) each material lease, sublease, license, easement and other agreement under which the Company
or any Company Subsidiary uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy any material real property at which the material
operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries are conducted (the “Leased Property”; an Owned Property or Leased
Property being sometimes referred to herein, individually, as a “Company Property”), is valid, binding and in full force and effect and
(ii) the Company or a Company Subsidiary has a good and valid leasehold interest, subject to the terms of any lease, sublease or other
agreement applicable thereto, in each parcel of Leased Property, in each case free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and
other conditions, covenants, encroachments, easements, restrictions and other encumbrances that do not adversely affect the use of the
Leased Property by the Company or a Company Subsidiary for residential home building.

(c)    The occupancies and uses of the Company Properties, as well as the development, construction, management, maintenance,
servicing and operation of the Company Properties, comply in all material respects with all Laws.
 

A-13



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 188/265

Table of Contents

(d)    To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no material new (or increases in existing) development fees, impact fees or
other fees that will be levied by any Governmental Entity in connection with the development of any Company Property. To the
Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any notice of any material violation of
any ordinance, regulation, law, or statute of any Governmental Entity pertaining to any Company Property.

(e)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any condemnation or eminent domain
Proceedings relating to any Company Property, or negotiations for the purchase of any Company Property in lieu of condemnation, and
no condemnation or eminent domain Proceedings or negotiations have been commenced or threatened in connection with any of the
foregoing.

Section 3.10    Intellectual Property.

(a)    Company Schedule 3.10(a) contains a complete list of all registered Company Intellectual Property owned or purported to
be owned by the Company or the Company Subsidiaries as of the date hereof that is material to the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries (collectively, “Company Registered IP”). The Company or the Company Subsidiaries owns the Company Registered IP
free and clear of all mortgages, pledges, charges, liens, equities, security interests, or other encumbrances other than Permitted Liens or
except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    To the Knowledge of the Company, each item of Company Registered IP (i) has been duly registered in, filed in, or issued
by the appropriate Governmental Entity where such registration, filing or issuance is necessary for the conduct of the business of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted, and (ii) has been maintained by the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries, except for such issuances, registrations or applications that (A) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has permitted to
expire or has canceled or abandoned in its reasonable business judgment, or (B) if not maintained would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c)    Since the Relevant Date through the date hereof, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any
written communication from any Person asserting any ownership interest in the Company Intellectual Property.

(d)    To the Knowledge of the Company, there is no material infringement by any Person of any of the Company Intellectual
Property in a manner that would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(e)    To the Knowledge of the Company, the conduct of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as presently
conducted does not violate, conflict with, or infringe in any material respect the Intellectual Property of any other Person.

(f)    The Company and the Company Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of the
Company Trade Secrets.

(g)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations or warranties contained elsewhere in
this Article III shall relate to intellectual property matters, which are instead the subject of this Section 3.10 exclusively.

Section 3.11    Information Technology. The software and content forming part of the websites owned and/or operated by the
Company or a Company Subsidiary and the software systems, servers and other information technology hardware or communications
systems or services used by the Company or any Company Subsidiary (collectively, the “Company IT Systems”) are, to the Knowledge
of the Company, owned exclusively by or are licensed or leased to the Company or a Company Subsidiary, as applicable. All Company
IT Systems are in good working condition to perform, in all material respects, all information technology operations necessary to
conduct the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted.
 

A-14



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 189/265

Table of Contents

Section 3.12    Contracts.

(a)    Company Schedule 3.12(a) sets forth a list of each Company Contract that has not been filed as an exhibit to a Company
SEC Document. “Company Contracts” means the following Contracts to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party:

(i)    any Contract that is a “material contract” (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the
Exchange Act) required to be filed as an exhibit to a Company SEC Document;

(ii)    any collective bargaining Contract with any labor organization, union or association, except for terms of employment
required by Law;

(iii)    any change in control, retention, separation or other similar Contract with any officer or employee that may result in
material liabilities to the Company, any Company Subsidiary and/or Parent (as a result of or in connection with the Merger or any
of the other Transactions);

(iv)    any Contract or covenant not to compete (other than pursuant to any radius restriction contained in any lease,
reciprocal easement or development, construction, operating or similar Contract);

(v)    any Contract with any Affiliate of the Company (other than a Company Subsidiary) that will continue in effect after the
Closing;

(vi)    any Contract under which the Company or a Company Subsidiary has borrowed any money from any Person (other
than the Company or a Company Subsidiary) or any other note, bond, debenture, guarantee or other evidence of indebtedness for
borrowed money of the Company or a Company Subsidiary (other than in favor of the Company or a Company Subsidiary) in any
such case that, individually, is in excess of $1,000,000;

(vii)    any Contract or any form of Contract providing for indemnification by the Company or a Company Subsidiary of any
current or former employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary;

(viii)    any Contract under which a claim for indemnification has been made by any Person prior to the date hereof;

(ix)    any Contract involving payment by the Company or a Company Subsidiary of more than $500,000 (unless terminable
without payment of a material penalty upon no more than 60 days’ notice), other than vendor agreements entered in the Ordinary
Course of Business and Contracts for borrowed money not otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to clause (vi) of this
Section 3.12(a);

(x)    any Contract for the sale or purchase of any land asset of the Company or a Company Subsidiary with a purchase price
in excess of $1,000,000 (other than home sales in the Ordinary Course of Business); or

(xi)    any Contract for any material joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement.

(b)    To the Knowledge of the Company, all Company Contracts are valid, binding and in full force and effect and are enforceable
by the Company or the applicable Company Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by Laws affecting
the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by general equitable principles. To the Knowledge of the Company, the Company or
the applicable Company Subsidiary has performed all material obligations required to be performed by it since the Relevant Date to the
date hereof under the Company Contracts, and it is not (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default in any
material respect thereunder and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to any Company Contract is (with or without notice
or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default in any material respect thereunder. To the Knowledge of the Company, since the Relevant
Date through the date hereof, (i) none of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has received written notice of any material
breach of any Company Contract and (ii) none of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has received any written notice of the
intention of any party to terminate any Company Contract. True and complete copies of all Company Contracts not filed as an exhibit
to a Company SEC Document have been made available to Parent.
 

A-15



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 190/265

Table of Contents

Section 3.13    Permits. The Company and each Company Subsidiary is in possession, and in material compliance with the terms,
of all certificates, licenses, permits, franchises, registrations, authorizations, consents and approvals (“Permits”) of each Governmental
Entity necessary for the conduct of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted, all such
Permits are in full force and effect, and the Company is not in default thereunder and has not received notice of any pending or
threatened revocation, modification or suspension thereof, the loss of which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.14    Insurance. All insurance policies maintained with respect to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, their
respective assets and properties (including all Owned Properties and Leased Properties), and their directors, officers and employees are
in full force and effect, and none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries is in default thereunder, all premiums due and payable
thereon have been paid (other than retroactive or retrospective premium adjustments that are not yet, but may be, required to be paid
with respect to any period ending before the Closing Date), and, except in connection with ordinary renewals, no written notice of
cancellation, suspension, denial, limitation of coverage, or termination has been received or threatened with respect to any such policy.

Section 3.15    Taxes.

(a)    The Company and each Company Subsidiary has timely filed, or has caused to be timely filed on its behalf, all material Tax
Returns required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and accurate in all material respects. All Taxes shown to
be due on such Tax Returns, or material Taxes otherwise owed, have been timely paid.

(b)    All material assessments for Taxes due with respect to any completed and settled examinations or any concluded litigation
have been fully paid. No deficiency or proposed adjustment with respect to Taxes has been proposed, asserted or assessed in writing
against the Company or any Company Subsidiary which has not been fully paid or adequately reserved in the Company Financial
Statements, in accordance with GAAP.

(c)    Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has withheld, collected and paid over to the appropriate Governmental
Entity all material Taxes required by Law to be withheld or collected.

(d)    There are no material Liens for Taxes (other than Permitted Liens) on the assets of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary. Other than as set forth in Company Schedule 3.15, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax
allocation, Tax indemnity, or Tax sharing agreement. No written claim has been made by a Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction
where the Company or a Company Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(e)    Except for any group of which the Company is the common parent, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries is or
has been (i) a member of an affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code (or any similar group defined under a
similar provision of state, local, or foreign Law), (ii) filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return with any other Person, or
(iii) liable for the Taxes of any Person (other than the Company or Company Subsidiary) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6
or any analogous or similar provision of Law, or as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise.

(f)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has been notified in writing that it is currently under audit by any
Governmental Entity or that any Governmental Entity intends to conduct such an audit, and no material action, suit, investigation,
claim, assessment, administrative or other court proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, proposed with respect to
any alleged deficiency in Taxes.

(g)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations in respect of any Taxes or agreed
to any extension of time with respect to any material Taxes.
 

A-16



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 191/265

Table of Contents

(h)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has distributed the stock of any corporation in a transaction satisfying
the requirements of Section 355 of the Code within the last five (5) years, and none of the Company Capital Stock or the capital stock
of, or equity interests in, any Company Subsidiary has been distributed in a transaction satisfying the requirements of Section 355 of
the Code within the last five (5) years.

(i)    None of the Company or the Company’s Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude
any material item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a
result of any (i) change in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (ii) use of an improper
method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (iii) “closing agreement” as described in Code
Section 7121 (or any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) executed on or prior to the Closing Date,
(iv) installment sale or open transaction entered into on or prior to the Closing Date, (v) prepaid amounts (including for the avoidance
of doubt deferred revenue) received on or prior to the Closing Date, or (vi) election under Code Section 108(i).

(j)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries is or has been a party to any “listed transaction,” as defined in Code
Section 6707A(c)(2) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b).

(k)    Each of the Company Subsidiaries, other than UCP LLC, has been, since its formation, treated as a disregarded entity for
federal and where applicable, state, income Tax purposes as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 301.7701-3(b).

(l)    Apart from any regular and normal dividend, the Company has not paid any dividend in anticipation of, or to facilitate the
Merger, or as bargained-for consideration in the Merger or any similar transaction involving the combination of the parties.

(m)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has taken any action or knows of any fact, Contract, plan or other
circumstance that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying as a “reorganization” within the meaning of
Section 368(a) of the Code (the “Intended Tax Treatment”).

(n)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations and warranties contained elsewhere
in this Article III shall relate to Tax matters, which are instead the subject of this Section 3.15 and Section 3.19 exclusively.

Section 3.16    Proceedings. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company threatened, against the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any Owned Property or any Leased Property, nor is there any
Judgment outstanding against the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any Owned Property or any Leased Property, that (a) seeks or
imposes any material injunctive or other equitable relief, (b) relates to any of the Transactions, or (c) would reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.17    Compliance with Laws. The Company and the Company Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Laws and
Judgments applicable to the Company or any Company Subsidiary, except for such noncompliance that would not, individually or in
the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries
has received any written communication during the two years before the date hereof from a Governmental Entity that alleges that the
Company or a Company Subsidiary is not in compliance in any material respect with any Law. Neither the Company nor any
Significant Company Subsidiary, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or
agents or any other Person authorized to act, and acting, on behalf of the Company or any Significant Company Subsidiary has,
directly or indirectly, in connection with the business activities of the Company used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions,
gifts, entertainment, or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity to or for the benefit of any government official, candidate
for public office, political
 

A-17



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 192/265

Table of Contents

party or political campaign, for the purpose of (A) influencing any act or decision of such government official, candidate, party or
campaign, (B) inducing such government official, candidate, party or campaign to do or omit to do any act in violation of a lawful duty,
(C) obtaining or retaining business for or with any Person, (D) expediting or securing the performance of official acts of a routine
nature or (E) otherwise securing any improper advantage, in each case in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977,
15 U.S.C. §§ 78dd-1, et seq.

Section 3.18    Environmental Matters.

(a)    Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries is, and, except with respect to matters that have been fully resolved,
has been since July 18, 2013, in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws applicable to their respective
operations as currently conducted (including possessing and complying with any required Environmental Permits), and, as of the date
hereof, there are no administrative or judicial proceedings pending against the Company or any Company Subsidiary that allege, and,
none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any written communication during the past two years from a
Governmental Entity that alleges, that the Company or a Company Subsidiary is not in compliance with or is liable or potentially liable
under any Environmental Law, except for any such noncompliance, proceedings or written communications that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each required Environmental
Permit is valid and in effect or has been timely re-applied for, except for the lack of such Environmental Permits that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    As of the date hereof, none of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any written notice, demand, request
for information, or claim alleging liability on the part of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as a result of a Release of
Hazardous Materials.

(c)    None of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries has received any written notice or request for information with respect
to any Offsite Facility regarding potential or actual liability for cleanup or environmental remediation thereof for which the potential or
actual liability of the Company or Company Subsidiary remains unresolved.

(d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the representations and warranties made in this
Section 3.18 and Section 3.05 (SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal Controls) are the sole and exclusive representations
and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement with respect to Hazardous Materials, Environmental Laws, Environmental
Permits and any other matter related to the environment or the protection of human health or worker safety.

Section 3.19    Employee Benefits.

(a)    Company Schedule 3.19(a) sets forth a list of all “employee pension benefit plans” (as defined in Section 3(2) of the
Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (“ERISA”)) (“Company Pension Plans”), “employee welfare benefit plans” (as
defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other material bonus, pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive
compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock, retirement, vacation, severance, disability, death benefit,
hospitalization, medical and other plans, arrangements or understandings (collectively, “Company Benefit Plans”) maintained, or
contributed to, by the Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate for the benefit of any current or former employees, directors, and/or
independent contractors of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. The Company has made available to Parent copies of (i) the most
recent version of each Company Benefit Plan and any amendments made thereto, (ii) the three most recent annual report on Form 5500
filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Company Benefit Plan or equivalent filing in any relevant jurisdiction (if
any such report was required) and all attachments thereto, (iii) the most recent summary plan description for each Company Benefit
Plan for which such summary plan description is required; (iv) each trust agreement and group annuity contract relating to any
 

A-18



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 193/265

Table of Contents

Company Benefit Plan; (v) the nondiscrimination testing results for the last three plan years for each Company Benefit Plan that is
subject to nondiscrimination testing under ERISA and/or the Code; and (vi) the most recent Internal Revenue Service favorable
determination or opinion letter for each such Company Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code.

(b)    With respect to each Company Benefit Plan: (i) each has been administered in compliance, in all material respects, with its
terms and with applicable Laws including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code; (ii) no actions, suits, claims, audits, inquiries,
reviews, proceedings, claims, or demands are pending or to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened; (ii) all premiums,
contributions, or other payments required to have been made by Law or under the terms of any Company Benefit Plan or any contract
or agreement relating thereto as of the Closing Date have been made; and (iv) there have been no acts or omissions by the Company or
any Company ERISA Affiliate that have given or could give rise to any fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Sections 502 or
4071 of ERISA or Section 511 or Chapter 43 of the Code, or under any other applicable Law.

(c)    With respect to the United States of America, all Company Pension Plans have been the subject of determination or opinion
letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such Company Pension Plans are qualified and exempt from U.S. federal
income Taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, and no such determination letter has been revoked nor, to
the Knowledge of the Company, has revocation been threatened.

(d)    None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any of the
Company Benefit Plans that are subject to ERISA, including the Company Pension Plans, any trusts created thereunder or any trustee
or administrator thereof, has engaged in a “prohibited transaction” (as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of
the Code) or any other breach of fiduciary responsibility that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(e)    No Company Benefit Plan is, and none of the Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate contributes to, is required to
contribute to, or otherwise participates in or in any way has any material liability, directly or indirectly, with respect to (i) any plan
subject to Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA, (ii) any “multiemployer plan” (within the meaning of
Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code), (iii) any single employer pension plan (within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) that is subject to Sections 4063, 4064 or 4069 of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code, that covers or
has covered any employee of the Company or any Company ERISA Affiliate; or (iv) any plan or arrangement that provides for post-
employment medical benefits (other than health continuation coverage required by Section 4980B of the Code and Title I, Subtitle B,
Part 6 of ERISA or otherwise as required by Law.

(f)    Other than payments that may be made to the Persons listed in Company Schedule 3.19(f), any amount that could be
received (whether in cash or property or the vesting of property) as a result, directly or indirectly, of the Merger or any other
Transaction by any employee, officer or director of the Company or any of its Affiliates who is a “disqualified individual” (as such
term is defined in proposed Treasury Regulation Section 1.280G-1) under any employment, severance or termination agreement, other
compensation arrangement or Company Benefit Plan currently in effect would not reasonably expected to be characterized as an
“excess parachute payment” (as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code).

(g)    Other than as set forth in Company Schedule 3.19(g), the execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement do not,
and the consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions and compliance with the terms hereof will not (i) entitle any employee,
officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to severance pay, (ii) accelerate the time of payment or vesting or
trigger any payment or funding (through a grantor trust or otherwise) of compensation or benefits under, increase the amount payable
or trigger any other material obligation pursuant to, any Company Benefit Plan or (iii) result in any breach or violation of, or a default
under, any Company Benefit Plan.
 

A-19



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 194/265

Table of Contents

Section 3.20    Labor. As of the date hereof, no employee of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is represented by
any union or covered by any collective bargaining agreement. As of the date hereof, no labor organization or group of employees of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no
representation or certification proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of
the Company, threatened to be brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations Governmental
Entity.

Section 3.21    Affiliate Transactions.

(a)    Since January 1, 2014, there has been no transaction, or series of similar transactions, agreements, arrangements or
understandings, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar transactions, agreements, arrangements or
understandings to which the Company or any of Company Subsidiary was or is to be a party that would be required to be disclosed
under Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that has not been so disclosed.

(b)    There are no loans by the Company or any Company Subsidiary to any officer of the Company or any officer of any
Company Subsidiary outstanding as of the date hereof.

Section 3.22    Brokers; Fees and Expenses. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person, other than Citigroup
Global Markets Inc. (the “Company Financial Advisor”), the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to
any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger and the other Transactions
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company. The Company has furnished to Parent a true and complete copy of any
Contract between the Company and the Company Financial Advisor pursuant to which the Company Financial Advisor could be
entitled to any payment(s) from the Company or any Company Subsidiary (or any successor to the Company) relating to the
Transactions.

Section 3.23    Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company Board has received the opinion of the Company Financial Advisor,
dated the date of this Agreement, to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the qualifications and assumptions set forth therein,
the Merger Consideration to be received in the Merger by holders of Company Common Stock (other than holders that enter into the
Voting Agreement and their Affiliates) is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, and such opinion, as of the date of this
Agreement, has not been modified or withdrawn. Promptly after receipt by the Company of the Company Financial Advisor’s written
confirmation of its opinion and, in any event, not until after the execution of this Agreement, the Company shall deliver to Parent a true
and complete signed copy of such opinion solely for Parent’s informational purposes and on a non-reliance basis.

Section 3.24    Ownership of Parent Common Stock. None of the Company or any of its “affiliates” or “associates” is, or at any
time during the three-year period ending on the date hereof has been, an “interested stockholder” of Parent, in each case as defined in
Section 203 of the DGCL. The Company does not beneficially own (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder), or will not at any time prior to the Closing Date beneficially own, any shares of Parent
Common Stock or other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or exercisable for shares of Parent Common Stock or any
securities of any Parent Subsidiary, or is a party, or will at any time prior to the Closing Date become a party, to any Contract,
arrangement or understanding (other than this Agreement) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any shares of
Parent Common Stock or other securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of Parent Common Stock or any
securities of any Parent Subsidiary.

Section 3.25    No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance. The Company acknowledges that it and its
Representatives have been permitted full and complete access to the books and records, facilities, equipment, Tax returns, Contracts,
insurance policies (or summaries thereof) and other properties and assets of
 

A-20



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 195/265

Table of Contents

Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries that it and its Representatives have desired or requested to see or review, and that it and its
Representatives have had a full opportunity to meet with the officers and employees of the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries to discuss
the business of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries. The Company acknowledges that (a) neither Parent nor any other Person has made
any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to Parent or any Parent Subsidiary or the accuracy or completeness of any
information regarding the Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries furnished or made available to the Company and its Representatives,
except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, (b) the Company has not relied on and hereby waives any reliance on any
representation or warranty from Parent, any Parent Subsidiary or any other Person in determining to enter into this Agreement, except
those representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Agreement, and (c) no Person shall have or be subject to any liability to
the Company or any other Person resulting from the distribution to the Company, or the Company’s use, of any such information,
including any information, documents or material made available to the Company in any physical or electronic “data rooms,”
management presentations or in any other form in expectation of the Transactions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the
Company acknowledges that neither Parent nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the
financial projections, forecasts, capital budgets, cost estimates and other predictions relating to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries made
available to the Company.

ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

Except as set forth in the disclosure schedules of Parent delivered to the Company prior to the execution of this Agreement
(collectively, the “Parent Schedules,” and individually, a “Parent Schedule”) (but only to the extent that any disclosure in the Parent
Schedules contains a reference to the Section in this Article IV to which such disclosure relates or the Section in this Article IV to
which such disclosure relates is otherwise reasonably apparent on its face) or in the Filed Parent SEC Documents to the extent publicly
available at least two Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement (but excluding statements in any “Risk Factors” section that do
not constitute statements of fact and any disclosures of risks or other matters included in any “forward-looking statement” disclaimers
or other statements that are cautionary, predictive or forward-looking in nature), Parent and Merger Sub, jointly and severally, represent
and warrant to the Company as follows:

Section 4.01    Organization, Standing and Power.

(a)    Parent and each of its Subsidiaries, including Merger Sub (the “Parent Subsidiaries”), is duly organized, validly existing and
in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized. Parent Schedule 4.01(a) lists each Significant Parent
Subsidiary and its jurisdiction of organization. Parent, Merger Sub and each Significant Parent Subsidiary is duly qualified and in good
standing to do business in each jurisdiction in which the conduct or nature of its business or the ownership, leasing or holding of its
properties make such qualification necessary, except such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing,
individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. For
purposes of this Agreement, “Significant Parent Subsidiary” means any Parent Subsidiary that constitutes a significant Subsidiary
within the meaning of Rule 1-02 of Regulation S-X of the SEC.

(b)    Parent has made available to the Company true and complete copies of the organizational documents of Parent, as amended
to the date of this Agreement (as so amended, the “Parent Charter”), and the by-laws of Parent, as amended to the date of this
Agreement (as so amended, the “Parent By-laws”), and the comparable charter and organizational documents of each Significant
Parent Subsidiary, in each case as amended to the date of this Agreement.

Section 4.02    Capital Stock of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries.

(a)    The authorized capital stock of Parent consists of 100,000,000 shares of Parent Common Stock, and 50,000,000 shares of
Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Parent Preferred Stock” and, together with
 

A-21



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 196/265

Table of Contents

the Parent Common Stock, the “Parent Capital Stock”). At the close of business on the Reference Date, (i) 22,291,203 shares of Parent
Common Stock and no shares of Parent Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding, (ii) no shares of Parent Common Stock were held
by Parent in its treasury, (iii) 221,972 shares of Parent Restricted Stock were outstanding, (iv) 533,183 Parent Restricted Stock Units
were outstanding, (v) no shares of Parent Common Stock were subject to outstanding Parent Options, and (vi) 546,629 additional
shares of Parent Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to the Parent Stock Plan. Parent Schedule 4.02(a)(i) sets forth
certain details regarding all outstanding Parent Restricted Stock and Parent Restricted Stock Units, including whether or not they are
vested and vesting schedules. Parent Schedule 4.02(a)(ii) sets forth for each Significant Parent Subsidiary the amount of its authorized
capital stock or comparable equity interests, the amount of its outstanding capital stock or comparable equity interests and the record
and beneficial owners of its outstanding capital stock or comparable equity interests, and there are no other shares of capital stock or
comparable equity interests or other equity securities of any Significant Parent Subsidiary issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding,
in each case as of the date hereof. Except as set forth above, at the close of business on the Reference Date, no shares of capital stock or
other voting securities of Parent were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. Since the Reference Date to the date of this
Agreement, (x) there have been no issuances by Parent of shares of Parent Capital Stock or other voting securities of Parent, other than
issuances of Parent Common Stock under its at-the-market offering program, and (y) there have been no issuances by Parent of
options, warrants, other rights to acquire shares of Parent Capital Stock or other rights that give the holder thereof any economic
benefit accruing to the holders of any Parent Capital Stock. All outstanding shares of Parent Capital Stock and all the outstanding
shares of capital stock or comparable equity interests of each Parent Subsidiary are, and all such shares or interests that may be issued
before the Effective Time will be, when issued, duly authorized, validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable and not subject to, or
issued in violation of, any purchase option, call option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, subscription right or any similar right
under any provision of Law (including the DGCL), the Parent Charter, the Parent By-laws, the certificate of incorporation or by-laws
(or comparable documents) of any Parent Subsidiary or any Contract to which Parent or any Parent Subsidiary is a party or otherwise
bound. There are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary having the right to vote (or
convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of common stock of Parent
or any Parent Subsidiary may vote (“Voting Parent Debt”). As of the date hereof, there are no options, warrants, rights, convertible or
exchangeable securities, “phantom” stock rights, stock appreciation rights, stock-based performance units or Contracts to which Parent
or any Significant Parent Subsidiary is a party or by which any of them is bound (i) obligating Parent or any Significant Parent
Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, additional shares of capital stock or other Equity Interests
in, or any security convertible or exercisable for or exchangeable into any capital stock of or other Equity Interest in, Parent or of any
Significant Parent Subsidiary or any Voting Parent Debt or (ii) obligating Parent or any Significant Parent Subsidiary to issue, grant,
extend or enter into any such option, warrant, call, right, security or Contract. As of the date hereof, there are no outstanding
contractual obligations of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock,
membership interests, partnership interests, joint venture interests or other Equity Interests of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.

(b)    Parent Schedule 4.02(b) sets forth a true and complete list of all capital stock, membership interests, partnership interests,
joint venture interests and other Equity Interests with a fair market value as of the date hereof in excess of $500,000 in any Person
(other than a Parent Subsidiary) owned as of the date hereof, directly or indirectly, by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.

Section 4.03    Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes.

(a)    Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the
Voting Agreement, to perform and comply with each of its obligations under this Agreement and the Voting Agreement, and to
consummate the Merger and the other Transactions. The execution and delivery by each of Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement
and the Voting Agreement, the performance and compliance by Parent and Merger Sub with its obligations herein and therein, and the
consummation by
 

A-22



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 197/265

Table of Contents

Parent and Merger Sub of the Merger and the other Transactions, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the
part of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and this Agreement
constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may
be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions.

(b)    The Board of Directors of Merger Sub, at a meeting duly called and duly held, duly and unanimously adopted resolutions
(i) approving this Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) determining that the terms of the Merger and the other
Transactions are fair to and in the best interests of Merger Sub and Parent, (iii) recommending that Parent adopt this Agreement, and
(iv) declaring that this Agreement is advisable.

(c)    The Board of Directors of Parent (the “Parent Board”), at a meeting duly called and held, has duly adopted resolutions
(i) approving this Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) determining that the terms of the Merger and the other
Transactions are fair to and in the best interests of Parent and its stockholders, and (iii) declaring that this Agreement is advisable,
which resolutions have not been withdrawn or modified, after which Parent, in its capacity as sole stockholder of Merger Sub, duly
delivered a written consent adopting this Agreement.

Section 4.04    No Conflicts; Consents.

(a)    The execution and delivery by each of Parent and Merger Sub hereof do not, and the consummation of the Merger and the
other Transactions and compliance with the terms hereof will not, contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation of or default
(with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancelation or acceleration of any
obligation, to a right to challenge the Transactions or to loss of a material benefit under, or result in the creation of any Lien upon any
of the properties or assets of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary under, any provision of (i) the Parent Charter, the Parent By-laws or the
comparable charter or organizational documents of any Parent Subsidiary, (ii) any Contract or Benefit Plan to which Parent or any
Parent Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their respective properties or assets is bound or (iii) subject to the filings and other
matters referred to in Section 4.04(b), any Judgment or Law applicable to Parent or any Parent Subsidiary or their respective properties
or assets, other than, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) of this Section 4.04(a), any such items that, individually or in the aggregate,
have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    No Consent of, or material Filing with, any Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or made by or with respect to
Parent or any Parent Subsidiary in connection with the execution, delivery and performance hereof or the consummation of the
Transactions or the ownership by Parent of the Surviving Corporation following the Closing, other than (i) the filing with the SEC of
(A) the Proxy Statement, (B) the S-4 Registration Statement, and (C) such Filings under Sections 13 and 16 of the Exchange Act as
may be required in connection with this Agreement, the Voting Agreement, the Merger and the other Transactions, (ii) such Filings and
Consents as may be required under the rules and regulations of the NYSE, (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in which the
Company is qualified to do business, (iv) such Filings and Consents as may be required in connection with the Taxes described in
Section 6.08 (Certain Tax and Structure Matters), (v) such Filings and Consents as may be required solely by reason of the Company’s
(as opposed to any other third party’s) participation in the Transactions, and (vi) such other Filings and Consents the failure of which to
obtain or make, individually or in the aggregate, has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 4.05    SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal Controls.

(a)    Parent has filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents required to be filed by Parent
prior to the date hereof with the SEC since the Relevant Date pursuant to Sections 13(a), 14(a)
 

A-23



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 198/265

Table of Contents

and 15(d) of the Exchange Act (the “Parent SEC Documents”). As of its respective date, or, if amended, as of the date of the last such
amendment, each Parent SEC Document complied in all material respects, and all documents required to be filed or furnished by
Parent with the SEC after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time (the “Subsequent Parent SEC Documents”) will comply in all
material respects, with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder
applicable to such Parent SEC Document, subject to the last sentence of Section 4.06 (Information Supplied) with respect to the S-4
Registration Statement, and none of the Parent SEC Documents contained, and none of the Subsequent Parent SEC Documents will
contain, any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted, or will omit, to state a material fact required to be stated therein or
necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, or are to be made, not
misleading.

(b)    With respect to each annual report on Form 10-K, each quarterly report on Form 10-Q and each amendment of any such
report included in the Parent SEC Documents filed since July 1, 2014 or to be included in the Subsequent Parent SEC Documents, the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer of Parent have made or will make all certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and any related rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and the NYSE, and the statements contained or to be contained in
any such certifications are or will be when made complete and correct.

(c)    The consolidated financial statements of Parent included in the Parent SEC Documents or to be included in the Subsequent
Parent SEC Documents, including the notes thereto and all related compilations, reviews and other reports issued by Parent’s
accountants with respect thereto (the “Parent Financial Statements”), complied at the time it was filed, and will comply at the time it is
filed in the Subsequent Company SEC Documents, as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the
published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto. The Parent Financial Statements included in the Parent SEC
Documents fairly present in all material respects, and the Parent Financial Statements to be included in the Subsequent Parent SEC
Documents will fairly present in all material respects, the financial condition and the results of operations, cash flows and changes in
stockholders’ equity of Parent (on a consolidated basis) as of the respective dates of and for the periods referred to in the Parent
Financial Statements, all in accordance with GAAP, subject, in the case of interim Parent Financial Statements, to normal year-end
adjustments and the absence of notes.

(d)    To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries do not have any liabilities or obligations of a nature required
by GAAP to be reflected on a consolidated balance sheet of Parent, except (i) as disclosed, reflected or reserved against in the most
recent balance sheet prior to the date of this Agreement included in the Parent Financial Statements or the notes thereto and (ii) for
liabilities and obligations incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of such balance sheet. This representation shall
not be deemed breached as a result of changes in GAAP or in Law after the date hereof. There are no off-balance sheet special purpose
entities and financing arrangements of Parent or any Parent Subsidiaries required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of
Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that have not been so described in the Parent SEC Documents.

(e)    Parent has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting (as
such terms are defined in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act) as required by Rule 13a-15
under the Exchange Act. Parent’s disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all material information
required to be disclosed by Parent in the reports that it files or furnishes under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized
and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such material information is accumulated
and communicated to Parent’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to make the
certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

(f)    The internal controls over financial reporting of Parent and its Subsidiaries provide reasonable assurance regarding the
reliability of the financial reporting of Parent and its Subsidiaries and the preparation of the financial statements of Parent and its
Subsidiaries for external purposes in accordance with GAAP.
 

A-24



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 199/265

Table of Contents

(g)    Parent has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation prior to the date hereof, to Parent’s auditors and the audit
committee of the Parent Board (i) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls
over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect Parent’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information, and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in
the internal controls of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries. Parent has made available to the Company all such disclosures made by
management to Parent’s auditors and audit committee of its Board of Directors.

(h)    As of the date of this Agreement, there are no outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the
SEC with respect to any Parent SEC Documents. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, Parent has not received written notice from
the SEC or any other Governmental Entity that any of its accounting policies or practices are or may be the subject of any review,
inquiry, investigation or challenge by the SEC or other Governmental Entity. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, Parent’s
independent public accounting firm has not informed Parent that it has any material questions, challenges or disagreements regarding
or pertaining to Parent’s accounting policies or practices. From January 1, 2015 to the date hereof, to the Knowledge of Parent, no
officer or director of Parent has received, or is entitled to receive, any material compensation from any entity that has engaged in or is
engaging in any material transaction with Parent or any Parent Subsidiary.

(i)    The Company is in compliance, in all material respects, with all rules, regulations and requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and the SEC.

Section 4.06    Information Supplied. None of the information supplied or to be supplied by Parent or Merger Sub for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in (a) the Proxy Statement will, at the date it is first mailed to the Company’s stockholders or at the time of
the Company Stockholders Meeting, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading, and (b) the S-4 Registration Statement will, at the time the S-4 Registration Statement is filed with the SEC, or at any time
it is amended or supplemented or at the time it becomes effective under the Securities Act, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of
the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. The Proxy Statement will comply as to form in all material respects with
the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, and the S-4 Registration Statement will comply as to
form in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. Notwithstanding the
foregoing in this Section 4.06, no representation is made by Parent or Merger Sub with respect to statements made or incorporated by
reference in the Proxy Statement and/or the S-4 Registration Statement based on information supplied by the Company or any of its
representatives expressly (or conspicuously on its face) for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement and/or the
S-4 Registration Statement.

Section 4.07    Absence of Certain Changes or Events. Except as disclosed in the Filed Parent SEC Documents, from the date of
the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Parent SEC Documents to the date hereof, there has not occurred any event,
change, effect or development that has had, or is likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.
Parent acknowledges that there may have been or may be disruption to Parent’s and the Parent Subsidiaries’ business as a result of the
intention to buy the Company, and the Company acknowledges that such disruptions do not and shall not constitute a breach of this
Section 4.07. From the date of the most recent financial statements included in the Filed Parent SEC Documents to the date hereof, the
business of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries has been conducted in the Ordinary Course of Business.

Section 4.08    Other Assets. Parent or a Parent Subsidiary has good and valid title to all the material assets reflected on the most
recent financial statements included in the Filed Parent SEC Documents prior to the date hereof or thereafter acquired, other than assets
disposed of in the Ordinary Course of Business, in each case free
 

A-25



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 200/265

Table of Contents

and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.09    Real Property.

(a)    With respect to the real property owned by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (individually, an “Parent Owned Property”),
except for matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material
Adverse Effect, either Parent or a Parent Subsidiary has good and insurable fee title to such Parent Owned Property, in each case free
and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and other conditions, covenants, encroachments, easements, restrictions and other
encumbrances that do not materially adversely affect the use of the Parent Owned Property by Parent or a Parent Subsidiary for
residential home building.

(b)    Except for matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a
Parent Material Adverse Effect, (i) each material lease, sublease, license, easement and other agreement under which Parent or any
Parent Subsidiary uses or occupies or has the right to use or occupy any material real property at which the material operations of
Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries are conducted (the “Parent Leased Property”; an Parent Owned Property or Parent Leased Property
being sometimes referred to herein, individually, as a “Parent Property”), is valid, binding and in full force and effect and (ii) Parent or
a Parent Subsidiary has a good and valid leasehold interest, subject to the terms of any lease, sublease or other agreement applicable
thereto, in each parcel of Parent Leased Property, in each case free and clear of all Liens other than Permitted Liens and other
conditions, covenants, encroachments, easements, restrictions and other encumbrances that do not adversely affect the use of the Parent
Leased Property by Parent or a Parent Subsidiary for residential home building.

(c)    The occupancies and uses of the Parent Properties, as well as the development, construction, management, maintenance,
servicing and operation of the Parent Properties, comply in all material respects with all Laws.

(d)    To the Knowledge of Parent, there are no material new (or increases in existing) development fees, impact fees or other fees
that will be levied by any Governmental Entity in connection with the development of any Parent Property. To the Knowledge of
Parent, none of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any notice of any material violation of any ordinance, regulation, law, or
statute of any Governmental Entity pertaining to any Parent Property.

(e)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any condemnation or eminent domain
Proceedings relating to any Parent Property, or negotiations for the purchase of any Parent Property in lieu of condemnation, and no
condemnation or eminent domain Proceedings or negotiations have been commenced or threatened in connection with any of the
foregoing.

Section 4.10    Intellectual Property.

(a)    Parent Schedule 4.10(a) contains a complete list of all registered Parent Intellectual Property owned or purported to be
owned by Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries as of the date hereof that is material to the business of Parent and its Subsidiaries
(collectively, “Parent Registered IP”). Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries owns the Parent Registered IP free and clear of all mortgages,
pledges, charges, liens, equities, security interests, or other encumbrances other than Permitted Liens or except as would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    To the Knowledge of Parent, each item of Parent Registered IP (i) has been duly registered in, filed in, or issued by the
appropriate Governmental Entity where such registration, filing or issuance is necessary for the conduct of the business of Parent and
the Parent Subsidiaries as presently conducted, and (ii) has been
 

A-26



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 201/265

Table of Contents

maintained by Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries, except for such issuances, registrations or applications that (1) Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries has permitted to expire or has canceled or abandoned in its reasonable business judgment, or (2) if not maintained would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(c)    Since the Relevant Date through the date hereof, none of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any written
communication from any Person asserting any ownership interest in the Parent Intellectual Property.

(d)    To the Knowledge of Parent, there is no material infringement by any Person of any of the Parent Intellectual Property in a
manner that would have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(e)    To the Knowledge of Parent, the conduct of the business of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as presently conducted does
not violate, conflict with, or infringe in any material respect the Intellectual Property of any other Person.

(f)    Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries have taken reasonable security measures to protect the confidentiality of the Parent Trade
Secrets.

(g)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations or warranties contained elsewhere in
this Article IV shall relate to intellectual property matters, which are instead the subject of this Section 4.10 exclusively.

Section 4.11    Information Technology. The software and content forming part of the websites owned and/or operated by Parent
or a Parent Subsidiary and the software systems, servers and other information technology hardware or communications systems or
services used by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary (collectively, the “Parent IT Systems”) are, to the Knowledge of Parent, owned
exclusively by or are licensed or leased to Parent or a Parent Subsidiary, as applicable. All Parent IT Systems are in good working
condition to perform, in all material respects, all information technology operations necessary to conduct the business of Parent and the
Parent Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

Section 4.12    Contracts.

(a)    Parent Schedule 4.12(a) sets forth a list of each Parent Contract that has not been filed as an exhibit to a Parent SEC
Document. “Parent Contracts” means the following Contracts to which Parent or any Parent Subsidiary is a party:

(i)    any Contract that is a “material contract” (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the
Exchange Act) required to be filed as an exhibit to a Parent SEC Document;

(ii)    any collective bargaining Contract with any labor organization, union or association, except for terms of employment
required by Law;

(iii)    any change in control, retention, separation or other similar Contract with any officer or employee that may result in
material liabilities to Parent, any Parent Subsidiary and/or the Company (as a result of or in connection with the Merger or any of
the other Transactions);

(iv)    any Contract or covenant not to compete (other than pursuant to any radius restriction contained in any lease,
reciprocal easement or development, construction, operating or similar Contract);

(v)    any Contract with any Affiliate of Parent (other than a Parent Subsidiary) that will continue in effect after the Closing;

(vi)    any Contract under which Parent or a Parent Subsidiary has borrowed any money from any Person (other than Parent
or a Parent Subsidiary) or any other note, bond, debenture, guarantee or other evidence of indebtedness for borrowed money of
Parent or a Parent Subsidiary (other than in favor of Parent or a Parent Subsidiary) in any such case that, individually, is in excess
of $1,000,000;

 
A-27



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 202/265

Table of Contents

(vii)    any Contract or any form of Contract providing for indemnification by Parent or a Parent Subsidiary of any current or
former employee of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary;

(viii)    any Contract under which a claim for indemnification has been made by any Person prior to the date hereof;

(ix)    any Contract involving payment by Parent or a Parent Subsidiary of more than $500,000 (unless terminable without
payment of a material penalty upon no more than 60 days’ notice), other than vendor agreements entered in the Ordinary Course
of Business and Contracts for borrowed money not otherwise required to be disclosed pursuant to clause (vi) of this
Section 4.12(a);

(x)    any Contract for the sale or purchase of any land asset of Parent or a Parent Subsidiary with a purchase price in excess
of $1,000,000 (other than home sales in the Ordinary Course of Business); or

(xi)    any Contract for any material joint venture, partnership or similar arrangement.

(b)    To the Knowledge of Parent, all Parent Contracts are valid, binding and in full force and effect and are enforceable by Parent
or the applicable Parent Subsidiary in accordance with their respective terms, except as limited by Laws affecting the enforcement of
creditors’ rights generally or by general equitable principles. To the Knowledge of Parent, Parent or the applicable Parent Subsidiary
has performed all material obligations required to be performed by it since the Relevant Date to the date hereof under the Parent
Contracts, and it is not (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default in any material respect thereunder and, to
the Knowledge of Parent, no other party to any Parent Contract is (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default
in any material respect thereunder. To the Knowledge of Parent, since the Relevant Date through the date hereof, (i) none of Parent and
the Parent Subsidiaries has received written notice of any material breach of any Parent Contract and (ii) none of Parent and the Parent
Subsidiaries has received any written notice of the intention of any party to terminate any Parent Contract. True and complete copies of
all Parent Contracts not filed as an exhibit to a Parent SEC Document have been made available to the Company.

Section 4.13    Permits. Parent and each Parent Subsidiary is in possession, and in material compliance with the terms, of all
Permits of each Governmental Entity necessary for the conduct of the business of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries as presently
conducted, all such Permits are in full force and effect, and Parent is not in default thereunder and has not received notice of any
pending or threatened revocation, modification or suspension thereof, the loss of which, individually or in the aggregate, has had or
would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.14    Insurance. All insurance policies maintained with respect to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, their respective
assets and properties (including all Parent Owned Properties and Parent Leased Properties), and their directors, officers and employees
are in full force and effect, and none of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries is in default thereunder, all premiums due and payable thereon
have been paid (other than retroactive or retrospective premium adjustments that are not yet, but may be, required to be paid with
respect to any period ending before the Closing Date), and, except in connection with ordinary renewals, no written notice of
cancellation, suspension, denial, limitation of coverage, or termination has been received or threatened with respect to any such policy.

Section 4.15    Taxes.

(a)    Parent and each Parent Subsidiary has timely filed, or has caused to be timely filed on its behalf, all material Tax Returns
required to be filed by it, and all such Tax Returns are true, complete and accurate in all material respects. All Taxes shown to be due
on such Tax Returns, or material Taxes otherwise owed, have been timely paid.

(b)    All material assessments for Taxes due with respect to any completed and settled examinations or any concluded litigation
have been fully paid. No deficiency or proposed adjustment with respect to Taxes has been
 

A-28



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 203/265

Table of Contents

proposed, asserted or assessed in writing against Parent or any Parent Subsidiary which has not been fully paid or adequately reserved
in the Parent Financial Statements, in accordance with GAAP.

(c)    Each of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries has withheld, collected and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Entity all
material Taxes required by Law to be withheld or collected.

(d)    There are no material Liens for Taxes (other than Permitted Liens) on the assets of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary. None of
Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries is a party to any Tax allocation, Tax indemnity, or Tax sharing agreement. No written claim has been
made by a Governmental Entity in any jurisdiction where Parent or a Parent Subsidiary does not file Tax Returns that it is or may be
subject to taxation by that jurisdiction.

(e)    Except for any group of which Parent is the common parent, none of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries is or has been (i) a
member of an affiliated group within the meaning of Section 1504(a) of the Code (or any similar group defined under a similar
provision of state, local, or foreign Law), (ii) filing a consolidated U.S. federal income Tax Return with any other Person, or (iii) liable
for the Taxes of any Person (other than Parent or Parent Subsidiary) under Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 or any analogous or
similar provision of Law, or as a transferee or successor, by Contract, or otherwise.

(f)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has been notified in writing that it is currently under audit by any Governmental
Entity or that any Governmental Entity intends to conduct such an audit, and no material action, suit, investigation, claim, assessment,
administrative or other court proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, proposed with respect to any alleged deficiency in
Taxes.

(g)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has waived any statute of limitations in respect of any Taxes or agreed to any
extension of time with respect to any material Taxes.

(h)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has distributed the stock of any corporation in a transaction satisfying the
requirements of Section 355 of the Code within the last five (5) years, and none of the Parent Capital Stock or the capital stock of, or
equity interests in, any Parent Subsidiary has been distributed in a transaction satisfying the requirements of Section 355 of the Code
within the last five (5) years.

(i)    None of Parent or the Parent’s Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or exclude any
material item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date as a result of
any (i) change in method of accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (ii) use of an improper method of
accounting for a taxable period ending on or prior to the Closing Date, (iii) “closing agreement” as described in Code Section 7121 (or
any corresponding or similar provision of state, local, or non-U.S. Law) executed on or prior to the Closing Date, (iv) intercompany
transactions or any excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations under Code Section 1502 (or any similar provision of state or
local income Tax Law), (v) installment sale or open transaction entered into on or prior to the Closing Date, (vi) prepaid amounts
(including for the avoidance of doubt deferred revenue) received on or prior to the Closing Date, or (vii) election under Code
Section 108(i).

(j)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries is or has been a party to any “listed transaction,” as defined in Code
Section 6707A(c)(2) and Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b).

(k)    Except as set forth in Parent Schedule 4.15(k), each of the Parent Subsidiaries has been, since its formation, treated as a
disregarded entity for federal and where applicable, state, income Tax purposes as defined in Treasury Regulation
Section 301.7701-3(b).

(l)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has taken any action or knows of any fact, Contract, plan or other circumstance
that would reasonably be expected to prevent the Merger from qualifying for the Intended Tax Treatment.
 

A-29



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 204/265

Table of Contents

(m)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, none of the representations and warranties contained elsewhere
in this Article IV shall relate to Tax matters, which are instead the subject of this Section 4.15 and Section 4.19 exclusively.

Section 4.16    Proceedings. As of the date of this Agreement, there is no Proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent
threatened, against Parent, any Parent Subsidiary, any Parent Owned Property or any Parent Leased Property, nor is there any Judgment
outstanding against Parent, any Parent Subsidiary, any Parent Owned Property or any Parent Leased Property, that (a) seeks or imposes
any material injunctive or other equitable relief, (b) relates to any of the Transactions, or (c) would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 4.17    Compliance with Laws. Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Laws and Judgments
applicable to Parent or any Parent Subsidiary, except for such noncompliance that would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect. None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any written
communication during the two years before the date hereof from a Governmental Entity that alleges that Parent or a Parent Subsidiary
is not in compliance in any material respect with any Law. Neither Parent nor any Significant Parent Subsidiary, nor, to the Knowledge
of Parent, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents or any other Person authorized to act, and acting, on behalf of
Parent or any Significant Parent Subsidiary has, directly or indirectly, in connection with the business activities of Parent used any
corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment, or other unlawful expenses relating to political activity to or for the
benefit of any government official, candidate for public office, political party or political campaign, for the purpose of (A) influencing
any act or decision of such government official, candidate, party or campaign, (B) inducing such government official, candidate, party
or campaign to do or omit to do any act in violation of a lawful duty, (C) obtaining or retaining business for or with any Person,
(D) expediting or securing the performance of official acts of a routine nature or (E) otherwise securing any improper advantage, in
each case in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, 15 U.S.C. §§ 78dd-1, et seq.

Section 4.18    Environmental Matters.

(a)    Each of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries is, and, except with respect to matters that have been fully resolved, has been
since June 23, 2014, in compliance in all material respects with all Environmental Laws applicable to their respective operations as
currently conducted (including possessing and complying with any required Environmental Permits), and, as of the date hereof, there
are no administrative or judicial proceedings pending against Parent or any Parent Subsidiary that allege, and, none of Parent or the
Parent Subsidiaries has received any written communication during the past two years from a Governmental Entity that alleges, that
Parent or a Parent Subsidiary is not in compliance with or is liable or potentially liable under any Environmental Law, except for any
such noncompliance, proceedings or communications that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect. Each required Environmental Permit is valid and in effect or has been timely re-applied for, except for
the lack of such Environmental Permits that would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.

(b)    As of the date hereof, none of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any written notice, demand, request for
information, or claim alleging liability on the part of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary as a result of a Release of Hazardous Materials.

(c)    None of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries has received any written notice or request for information with respect to any
Parent Offsite Facility regarding potential or actual liability for cleanup or environmental remediation thereof for which the potential or
actual liability of Parent or Parent Subsidiary remains unresolved.

(d)    Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the representations and warranties made in this
Section 4.18 and Section 4.05 (SEC Documents; Financial Statements; Internal
 

A-30



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 205/265

Table of Contents

Controls) are the sole and exclusive representations and warranties made by Parent in this Agreement with respect to Hazardous
Materials, Environmental Laws, Environmental Permits and any other matter related to the environment or the protection of human
health or worker safety.

Section 4.19    Employee Benefits.

(a)    Parent Schedule 4.19(a) sets forth a list of all “employee pension benefit plans” (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA)
(“Parent Pension Plans”), “employee welfare benefit plans” (as defined in Section 3(1) of ERISA) and all other material bonus,
pension, profit sharing, deferred compensation, incentive compensation, stock ownership, stock purchase, stock option, phantom stock,
retirement, vacation, severance, disability, death benefit, hospitalization, medical and other plans, arrangements or understandings
(collectively, “Parent Benefit Plans”) maintained, or contributed to, by Parent or any Parent ERISA Affiliate for the benefit of any
current or former employees, directors, and/or independent contractors of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary. Parent has made available to
the Company copies of (i) the most recent version of each Parent Benefit Plan and any amendments made thereto, (ii) the three most
recent annual report on Form 5500 filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect to each Parent Benefit Plan or equivalent filing
in any relevant jurisdiction (if any such report was required) and all attachments thereto, (iii) the most recent summary plan description
for each Parent Benefit Plan for which such summary plan description is required; (iv) each trust agreement and group annuity contract
relating to any Parent Benefit Plan; (v) the nondiscrimination testing results for the last three plan years for each Parent Benefit Plan
that is subject to nondiscrimination testing under ERISA and/or the Code; and (vi) the most recent Internal Revenue Service favorable
determination or opinion letter for each such Parent Benefit Plan that is intended to qualify under Section 401(a) of the Code.

(b)    With respect to each Parent Benefit Plan: (i) each has been administered in compliance, in all material respects, with its
terms and with applicable Laws including, without limitation, ERISA and the Code; (ii) no actions, suits, claims, audits, inquiries,
reviews, proceedings, claims, or demands are pending or to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened; (ii) all premiums, contributions, or
other payments required to have been made by Law or under the terms of any Parent Benefit Plan or any contract or agreement relating
thereto as of the Closing Date have been made; and (iv) there have been no acts or omissions by Parent or any Parent ERISA Affiliate
that have given or could give rise to any fines, penalties, taxes or related charges under Sections 502 or 4071 of ERISA or Section 511
or Chapter 43 of the Code, or under any other applicable Law.

(c)    With respect to the United States of America, all Parent Pension Plans have been the subject of determination or opinion
letters from the Internal Revenue Service to the effect that such Parent Pension Plans are qualified and exempt from U.S. federal
income Taxes under Sections 401(a) and 501(a), respectively, of the Code, and no such determination letter has been revoked nor, to
the Knowledge of Parent, has revocation been threatened.

(d)    None of Parent, any Parent Subsidiary, any officer of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary or any of the Parent Benefit Plans that
are subject to ERISA, including the Parent Pension Plans, any trusts created thereunder or any trustee or administrator thereof, has
engaged in a “prohibited transaction” (as such term is defined in Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code) or any other
breach of fiduciary responsibility that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.

(e)    No Parent Benefit Plan is, and none of Parent or any Parent ERISA Affiliate contributes to, is required to contribute to, or
otherwise participates in or in any way has any material liability, directly or indirectly, with respect to (i) any plan subject to
Section 412 of the Code, Section 302 of ERISA or Title IV of ERISA, (ii) any “multiemployer plan” (within the meaning of
Sections 3(37) or 4001(a)(3) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code), (iii) any single employer pension plan (within the meaning of
Section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA) that is subject to Sections 4063, 4064 or 4069 of ERISA or Section 413(c) of the Code, that covers or
has covered any employee of Parent or any Parent ERISA Affiliate; or (iv) any plan or arrangement that provides for post-
 

A-31



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 206/265

Table of Contents

employment medical benefits (other than health continuation coverage required by Section 4980B of the Code and Title I, Subtitle B,
Part 6 of ERISA or otherwise as required by Law.

Section 4.20    Labor. As of the date hereof, no employee of Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries is represented by any union
or covered by any collective bargaining agreement. As of the date hereof, no labor organization or group of employees of Parent or any
of the Parent Subsidiaries has made a pending demand for recognition or certification, and there are no representation or certification
proceedings or petitions seeking a representation proceeding presently pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened to be
brought or filed, with the National Labor Relations Board or any other labor relations Governmental Entity.

Section 4.21    Affiliate Transactions.

(a)    Except as set forth in Parent Schedule 4.21, since January 1, 2014, there has been no transaction, or series of similar
transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings, nor are there any currently proposed transactions, or series of similar
transactions, agreements, arrangements or understandings to which Parent or any of Parent Subsidiary was or is to be a party that
would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act that has not been so
disclosed.

(b)    There are no loans by Parent or any Parent Subsidiary to any officer of Parent or any officer of any Parent Subsidiary
outstanding as of the date hereof.

Section 4.22    Brokers; Fees and Expenses. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person, other than
J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (the “Parent Financial Advisor”), the fees and expenses of which will be paid by Parent, is entitled to any
broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger and the other Transactions
based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent.

Section 4.23    Ownership of Company Common Stock. None of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their “affiliates” or “associates” is,
or at any time during the three-year period ending on the date hereof has been, an “interested stockholder” of the Company, in each
case as defined in either Section 203 of the DGCL or Article XII of the Company Charter. Except in respect of the Voting Agreement,
neither Parent nor Merger Sub beneficially owns (within the meaning of Section 13 of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder), or will at any time prior to the Closing Date beneficially own, any shares of Company Common Stock or
other securities convertible into, exchangeable for or exercisable for shares of Company Common Stock or any securities of any
Company Subsidiary, or is a party, or will at any time prior to the Closing Date become a party, to any Contract, arrangement or
understanding (other than this Agreement and the Voting Agreement) for the purpose of acquiring, holding, voting or disposing of any
shares of Company Common Stock or other securities convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, shares of Company
Common Stock or any securities of any Company Subsidiary.

Section 4.24    Availability of Funds; Financing. Parent has cash on hand and available borrowing capacity sufficient in the
aggregate to fund all of its payment obligations set forth in Article II, and to pay all fees and expenses payable by it in respect of the
Merger and the other Transactions.

Section 4.25    Capitalization and Operation of Merger Sub. The authorized share capital of Merger Sub consists of 1,000 shares,
par value $0.01 per share, of which 1,000 shares are validly issued and outstanding. All the issued and outstanding shares of Merger
Sub are, and at the Effective Time will be, owned by Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned Parent Subsidiary. Merger Sub was
formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the Transactions, and it has not conducted any business prior to the date hereof and has no
assets, liabilities or obligations of any nature other than those incident to its formation and pursuant to this Agreement and the
Transactions.
 

A-32



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 207/265

Table of Contents

Section 4.26    No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance. Each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges that it and
its Representatives have been permitted full and complete access to the books and records, facilities, equipment, Tax returns, Contracts,
insurance policies (or summaries thereof) and other properties and assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries that it and its
Representatives have desired or requested to see or review, and that it and its Representatives have had a full opportunity to meet with
the officers and employees of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to discuss the business of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries. Each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges that (a) neither the Company nor any other Person has made any
representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or the accuracy or completeness of any
information regarding the Company and the Company Subsidiaries furnished or made available to Parent, Merger Sub and their
respective Representatives, except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, (b) neither Parent nor Merger Sub has relied on and each of
Parent and Merger Sub hereby waives any reliance on any representation or warranty from the Company, any Company Subsidiary or
any other Person in determining to enter into this Agreement, except those representations and warranties expressly set forth in this
Agreement, and (c) no Person shall have or be subject to any liability to Parent or any other Person resulting from the distribution to
Parent or Merger Sub, or Parent’s or Merger Sub’s use, of any such information, including any information, documents or material
made available to Parent or Merger Sub in any physical or electronic “data rooms,” management presentations or in any other form in
expectation of the Transactions. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges that
neither the Company nor any other Person has made any representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the financial projections,
forecasts, capital budgets, cost estimates and other predictions relating to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries made available
to Parent.

ARTICLE V
COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

Section 5.01    Conduct of Business by the Company. Except for matters set forth in Company Schedule 5.01 or otherwise
contemplated by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each
Company Subsidiary to, conduct its business in the Ordinary Course of Business and, to the extent consistent therewith, use all
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current business organization, maintain its rights and Permits, keep available the services of its
current officers and employees and keep its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having
business dealings with them, and maintain its respective properties and assets in their current state of repair, order, functionality and
condition, reasonable wear and tear excepted, to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except for matters set forth in Company Schedule 5.01 or
otherwise expressly provided for by this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and
shall not permit any Company Subsidiary to, do any of the following without the prior written consent of Parent, which consent shall
not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed:

(a)    (i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock, other
than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect Subsidiary of the Company to its parent, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of
its capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its
capital stock, or (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options to acquire any such shares or other securities, except for shares of
Company Common Stock delivered to the Company to pay the exercise price or tax withholding obligations under any Company
Option or Company Restricted Stock Unit award;

(b)    issue, deliver, sell or grant (i) any shares of its capital stock, (ii) any Voting Company Debt or other voting securities, or
(iii) any securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of the Company, other than (A) the issuance of
Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Company Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with
their present terms and (B) the issuance of Company Common Stock upon the Exchange;
 

A-33



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 208/265

Table of Contents

(c)    amend its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or organizational documents, except for such
amendments to its certificate of incorporation, by-laws and other comparable charter or organizational documents that do not have an
adverse effect on the Merger and the other Transactions, or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for a
complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company;

(d)    acquire or agree to acquire (i) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or substantially all the assets of or all
or substantially all the outstanding Equity Interests in, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company or other company, association or other business organization or (ii) any assets or real property, in the case of (i) or (ii), which
acquisition or acquisitions would be material, individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as
a whole, except purchases of land in the Ordinary Course of Business (including entering into option contracts to acquire (and
purchasing pursuant to the terms of such contracts) land (or an ownership interest in an entity holding land));

(e)    except for (1) retention bonus awards and payments to be paid pursuant to the retention plan described in Section 6.04(d),
(2) increases in compensation, and/or (3) increases in severance or termination pay, not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate, which in
each case shall be subject to prior review and approval (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed) by Parent, (i) grant to
any officer or director of the Company or any Company Subsidiary any increase in compensation, except for such increases in
compensation that are required under employment Contracts in effect as of the date hereof, (ii) grant to any officer or director of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary any increase in severance or termination pay, except for such increases in severance and
termination pay that are required under Contracts in effect as of the date hereof, (iii) enter into any severance or termination agreement
with any such officer or director, (iv) establish, adopt, extend, renew, enter into or amend in any material respect any collective
bargaining agreement or any Company Benefit Plan, or (v) take any action to accelerate any rights or benefits, or make any material
determinations under any collective bargaining agreement or Company Benefit Plan in effect as of the date hereof, except as required
by the terms of such collective bargaining agreement or Company Benefit Plan;

(f)    make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices materially affecting the reported consolidated assets,
liabilities or results of operations of the Company, except as may be required by a change in GAAP;

(g)    sell, lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any Company Property or any of its land assets
with an aggregate valuation in excess of $1,000,000, other than vertical construction financing in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(h)    sell, lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any of its properties or assets that are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except sales of inventory and excess
or obsolete assets in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(i)    incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell any debt
securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or guarantee any debt
securities of another Person, except for trade debt, operating liabilities and other similar unsecured, short-term indebtedness incurred in
the Ordinary Course of Business;

(j)    make or agree to make any new capital expenditure that, individually, is in excess of $500,000, except to the extent provided
for in the Company’s budget for 2017 previously made available to Parent;

(k)    (i) make (except for elections made in the ordinary course of business) or change any material Tax election, (ii) change any
Tax accounting period for purposes of a material Tax or material method of Tax accounting, (iii) file any material amended Tax Return,
(iv) settle or compromise any audit or proceeding relating to a material amount of Taxes, except in the ordinary course of business,
(v) agree to an extension or waiver of
 

A-34



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 209/265

Table of Contents

the statute of limitations with respect to a material amount of Taxes, (vi) enter into any “closing agreement” within the meaning of
Section 7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) with respect to any material Tax, (vii) surrender any
right to claim a material Tax refund, or (viii) take any action that would require filing of a “gain recognition agreement” (within the
meaning of the Treasury Regulations promulgated under Section 367 of the Code) to avoid current recognition of a material amount of
income or gain for U.S. federal income Tax purposes;

(l)    make any loan or advance (other than loans or advances that will be repaid before Closing) to any of its Affiliates, officers or
directors, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business and except for any advancement obligations under the Company Charter,
Company Bylaws or the comparable charter or organizational documents of any Company Subsidiary; or

(m)    authorize any of, or resolve, commit or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.

Section 5.02    No Solicitation; Change of Company Recommendation.

(a)    Termination of Existing Discussions. The Company, each of the Company Subsidiaries, and the respective directors,
officers, employees and controlled Affiliates of the Company and of each of the Company Subsidiaries shall, and the Company shall
instruct each of its Representatives to, cease immediately and cause to be immediately terminated all soliciting activities, discussions
and negotiations and access to nonpublic information with, to or by any Person (other than Parent or Merger Sub) regarding any
proposal, expression of interest, request for information or other communication that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to
lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal. The Company shall promptly (but not later than one (1) Business Day after the first public
announcement of this Agreement) request that each Person (other than Parent and Merger Sub) with which or whom the Company
heretofore has entered into a confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement or otherwise has had discussions or negotiations, in each
case, regarding any offer, proposal, expression of interest, request for information or other communication that constitutes, constituted,
or reasonably could be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal (any such Persons and their Affiliates and Representatives
being referred to as “Prior Company Bidders”), that is in possession of, or was furnished with or provided access to, any Company
nonpublic information, immediately return to the Company or destroy (with a certification of such destruction delivered to the
Company if such a certification is required by such confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement, or with the Company requesting a
certification of such destruction delivered to the Company if such a certification is not required by such confidentiality, standstill or
similar agreement) all such nonpublic information, and, to the extent not heretofore terminated, the Company and its Representatives
shall immediately terminate all physical and electronic data room access previously granted to any such Prior Company Bidder.

(b)    Prohibition on Soliciting Activities. Except as expressly permitted by this Section 5.02, from the date hereof until the earlier
of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article VIII, the Company shall not, nor shall it
authorize any of its Representatives or permit any of its controlled Affiliates to, and the Company shall instruct each of its
Representatives not to, on behalf of the Company, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage or facilitate any
inquiries or the making, announcement or submission to the Company of any expression of interest, proposal or offer that constitutes,
or reasonably would be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal, (ii) enter into any agreement (whether binding,
non-binding, conditional or otherwise) with respect to any Company Takeover Proposal (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement entered into in compliance with Section 5.02(c)), (iii) other than with respect to Parent, Merger Sub, the Confidentiality
Agreement and the Standstill Agreements, fail to enforce, release any Person from, terminate or waive or render inapplicable, or amend
in any manner less favorable to the Company, the provisions of any confidentiality, standstill or other similar agreement currently in
effect to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party, with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal, (iv) “opt
out” of, waive or amend, or take any action to render inapplicable to any Person (other than Parent and Merger Sub) or to any
Company Takeover Proposal (other than the Merger and the other Transactions), the provisions of any Anti-Takeover Laws or of
Article XII of the Company Charter, or (v) engage
 

A-35



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 210/265

Table of Contents

in, continue, or participate in any discussions or negotiations with, or furnish any non-public Company information (whether orally or
in writing) or access to the business, properties, assets, liabilities, books or records of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to, or
otherwise knowingly cooperate with, assist, or participate in any effort by, any Person (or any Representative of any Person) that has
made, is seeking to make, has informed the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates of any intention to make, or has publicly
announced an intention to make, any proposal that constitutes, or reasonably would be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover
Proposal. The Company shall be responsible for any action or inaction taken or omitted to be taken by its or its controlled Affiliates’
Representatives, to the extent acting on its or their behalf or at its or their direction, relating to any matters contemplated by this
Section 5.02(b).

(c)    Discussions Permitted in Certain Circumstances. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement,
including Section 5.02(b) (Prohibition on Soliciting Activities), if at any time from and after the date hereof and prior to receipt of the
Company Stockholder Approval, the Company receives from any Person or group a written Company Takeover Proposal that has not
been withdrawn and that the Company Board (which, for purposes of this Section 5.02, shall be deemed to include any duly authorized
committee thereof) determines in good faith, After Consultation, constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a Superior
Company Proposal that did not result from a breach of Section 5.02(a) (Termination of Existing Discussions) or Section 5.02(b)
(Prohibition on Soliciting Activities), then the Company and any of its Representatives shall , subject to compliance with
Section 5.02(f) (Required Notices), be permitted to (A) furnish to such Person or group and its or their Representatives, pursuant to an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement (a copy of which shall be furnished to Parent within one Business Day of the execution thereof
by the Company), information with respect to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and (B) engage or participate in any
discussions or negotiations with such Person, group and its or their Representatives regarding any Company Takeover Proposal; it
being hereby acknowledged and agreed that nothing contained in this Section 5.02(c) shall be deemed to prohibit the Company or its
Representatives from contacting any Person who has submitted (not in violation of Section 5.02(a) or Section 5.02(b)) to the Company
or its Representatives a written offer, expression of interest or proposal, which has not been withdrawn, for the sole purpose of
ascertaining any necessary clarification of the material terms and conditions thereof (subject to compliance with Section 5.02(f)
(Required Notices). The Company shall make available to Parent copies of all material non-public information (to the extent such
information has not previously been furnished or made available to Parent) that it has furnished or made available to any such Person
in accordance with the preceding sentence before or substantially concurrently with the time such information is furnished or made
available to such Person. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement or the Standstill
Agreements, if any Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement is entered into after the date hereof between the Company and any other
Person (to the extent permitted by this Section 5.02(c)) which contains provisions that are less restrictive on such Person and/or less
favorable to the Company than the provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement or the Standstill Agreements are on Parent, such
provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement and/or the Standstill Agreements automatically shall be amended and modified without
the necessity of further action by any party thereto so that the provisions set forth therein as so amended and modified are no more
restrictive as to Parent or less favorable to the Company than the provisions applicable to such Person pursuant to such Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement.

(d)    Company Recommendation. Except as expressly permitted by Section 5.02(e) (Change in Recommendation Permitted in
Certain Circumstances), neither of the Company Board nor any duly authorized committee thereof shall (i) fail to include in the Proxy
Statement the Company Recommendation or otherwise fail to make the Company Recommendation; (ii) change, modify, withhold,
qualify or withdraw, or resolve or propose publicly to change, modify, withhold, qualify or withdraw, in each case, in a manner adverse
to Parent, the Company Recommendation; (iii) make any recommendation or public announcement in response to a tender or exchange
offer commenced by any Person(s), other than an express recommendation (made pursuant to Rule 14e-2(a)(1) under the Exchange
Act) that the Company’s stockholders reject such tender or exchange offer, or a temporary “stop-look-listen” communication by the
Company Board (made pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act); (iv) fail to publicly recommend against a Company
Takeover Proposal, or fail to publicly
 

A-36



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 211/265

Table of Contents

reaffirm the Company Recommendation, in each case, within ten (10) Business Days after any written request by Parent to do so,
which is transmitted to the Company subsequent to any public announcement by any Person of a Company Takeover Proposal
(provided, however, the Company shall not be obligated to publicly recommend against a Company Takeover Proposal or to publicly
reaffirm the Company Recommendation upon such a request by Parent more than once in respect of any publicly announced Company
Takeover Proposal, it being acknowledged and agreed that the public announcement of a material modification to such Company
Takeover Proposal shall be considered a new Company Takeover Proposal for purposes of this clause (iv)); or (v) enter into, approve,
adopt or recommend, or resolve or propose publicly to enter into, approve, adopt or recommend, any Company Takeover Proposal or
any letter of intent, agreement-in-principle, expression of interest, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition or business combination
agreement, asset sale or transfer agreement, restructuring, reorganization or recapitalization agreement, option agreement, joint venture
agreement, partnership agreement, or other Contract contemplating, or providing for, a Company Takeover Proposal (other than an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement permitted by Section 5.02(c) (Discussions Permitted in Certain Circumstances)) (any one or
more of the foregoing actions enumerated in clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this Section 5.02(d) constituting, a “Company
Recommendation Change”).

(e)    Change in Recommendation Permitted in Certain Circumstances. Prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, the
Company Board shall be permitted to make a Company Recommendation Change solely in the manner and to the extent hereafter
expressly set forth in this Section 5.02(e) in response to either (i) a Company Superior Proposal that did not result from a violation in
any material respect of this Section 5.02, or (ii) a Company Intervening Event, in each case only if the Company Board shall have
determined in good faith, After Consultation, that a failure to do so would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company
Board under applicable Law. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, at no time shall the Company Board be permitted
to make a Company Recommendation Change, unless: (A) the Company has given Parent at least four (4) Business Days’ prior written
notice that the Company Board intends to make a Company Recommendation Change (a “Company Recommendation Change
Notice”), which notice shall include, (1) if Company Recommendation Change is to be made in response to a Superior Company
Proposal, the identity of the Person making the Superior Company Proposal, the material terms thereof and a true and complete copy of
the proposed agreement or proposal with respect to such Superior Company Proposal (including all proposed material transaction
documents in connection therewith and material exhibits and schedules, but redacting, if required by any financing source, the amount
of any commitment fee and financing fee information), or (2) if the Company Recommendation Change is to be made in respect of a
Company Intervening Event, a reasonable summary of the material underlying facts, conditions and circumstances giving rise to the
occurrence and continuing existence of such Company Intervening Event, (B) during the four (4) Business Day period commencing on
the date of receipt by Parent of the Company Recommendation Change Notice, the Company and its Representatives shall negotiate in
good faith with Parent and its Representatives, to the extent Parent desires to negotiate, so that Parent may propose in writing a binding
offer to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement to enable the Company Board to determine that (x) the
Superior Company Proposal referred to in the Company Recommendation Change Notice no longer constitutes a Superior Company
Proposal or (y) the failure to make a Company Recommendation Change in respect of the Company Intervening Event referred to in
the Company Recommendation Change Notice would no longer be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company Board under
applicable Law, and (C) at the end of such four (4) Business Day period, the Company Board shall have considered in good faith and
given effect to the terms of such binding offer and shall have determined in good faith, After Consultation, that, (x) the Superior
Company Proposal, referred to in the Company Recommendation Change Notice, continues to constitute a Superior Company Proposal
or (y) the failure of the Company Board to make a Company Recommendation Change in respect of the Company Intervening Event
referred to in the Company Recommendation Change Notice would continue to be inconsistent with the Company Board’s fiduciary
duties under applicable Law (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that that any proposed amendment or modification to the
material terms of any Superior Company Proposal submitted to the Company by any Person who previously submitted to the Company
a Superior Company Proposal shall require a new written notice to Parent from the Company and a three (3) Business Day notice and
negotiation period shall thereupon commence anew under this Section 5.02(e)). For purposes of
 

A-37



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 212/265

Table of Contents

clarification and certainty, under no circumstances shall the Company be permitted to terminate this Agreement in respect of a Superior
Company Proposal unless it shall have concurrently complied in all respects with the requirements of this Section 5.02(e) and
Section 8.01(f) (Termination by the Company before Receipt of Company Stockholder Approval), and under no circumstances shall the
Company be permitted to terminate this Agreement in respect of, or due to any Company Recommendation Change made by the
Company Board solely in response to, a Company Intervening Event. The Company hereby expressly confirms and agrees that the
immediately preceding sentence of this Section 5.02(e), to the extent it relates to a Company Recommendation Change solely in
response to or in respect of a Company Intervening Event, has been agreed to by the parties hereto pursuant to Section 146 of the
DGCL.

(f)    Required Notices. At any time prior to obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, the Company shall notify Parent or its
Representatives in writing promptly (and in any case within one (1) Business Day after knowledge of Parent of the receipt thereof) of
its or any of its controlled Affiliates’ receipt of any Company Takeover Proposal, and disclose to Parent the identity of the Person
making any such Company Takeover Proposal and the material terms of any such Company Takeover Proposal. The Company shall
keep Parent informed on a reasonably timely basis of the status of any such Company Takeover Proposal, including any change to the
material terms thereof. The terms and existence of any such Company Takeover Proposal and the identity of such Person (if not
publicly disclosed by the Company or such Person), shall be subject to the confidentiality obligations imposed on Parent pursuant to
the Confidentiality Agreement.

(g)    Disclosures Under Law. Nothing in this Section 5.02 or elsewhere in this Agreement shall prohibit the Company Board
from (i) taking and disclosing to the Company’s stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14e-2(a) or Rule 14d-9 under the
Exchange Act or Item 1012(a) of Regulation M-A under the Exchange Act, or (ii) making any disclosure to the Company’s
stockholders under applicable Law if the Company Board determines in good faith, After Consultation, that the failure to do so would
be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties of the Company’s directors under applicable Law or violate other applicable Law; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section 5.02(g) shall, for purposes of this Agreement, permit the Company to make a Company
Recommendation Change except in the manner and under the specific circumstances expressly set forth in Section 5.02(e) (Change in
Recommendation Permitted in Certain Circumstances), and it is hereby acknowledged and agreed that a factually accurate public
statement by the Company that describes only the Company’s receipt of a Company Takeover Proposal and the operation with respect
thereto of this Section 5.02 and Section 8.01(f) (Termination by the Company before Receipt of Company Stockholder Approval) in
respect thereof, shall not be deemed a Company Recommendation Change for purposes of this Agreement.

Section 5.03    Conduct of Business by Parent. Except for matters set forth in Parent Schedule 5.03 or otherwise contemplated by
this Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause each Parent Subsidiary to, conduct
its business in the Ordinary Course of Business and, to the extent consistent therewith, use all reasonable efforts to preserve intact its
current business organization, maintain its rights and Permits, keep available the services of its current officers and employees and keep
its relationships with customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having business dealings with them, and
maintain its respective properties and assets in their present state of repair, order, functionality and condition, reasonable wear and tear
excepted, to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired at the Effective Time. In addition, and without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, except for matters set forth in Parent Schedule 5.03 or otherwise expressly provided for by this
Agreement, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, Parent shall not, and shall not permit any Parent Subsidiary to, do
any of the following without the prior written consent of the Company, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned
or delayed:

(a)    (i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital stock, other
than dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent to its parent, (ii) split, combine or reclassify any of its
capital stock or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for shares of its capital
stock, or (iii) purchase, redeem or otherwise
 

A-38



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 213/265

Table of Contents

acquire any shares of capital stock of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary or any other securities thereof or any rights, warrants or options
to acquire any such shares or other securities, except for (A) shares of Parent Common Stock delivered to Parent to pay the exercise
price or tax withholding obligations under any Parent Option or Parent Restricted Stock award, and (B) shares of Parent Common
Stock repurchased by Parent under its stock repurchase program;

(b)    issue, deliver, sell or grant (i) any shares of its capital stock, (ii) any Voting Parent Debt or other voting securities or (iii) any
securities convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital stock of Parent, other than (A) the issuance of Parent Common
Stock upon the exercise of Parent Options outstanding on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with their present terms,
(B) the issuance of additional Parent Options, shares of Parent Restricted Stock, or Parent Restricted Stock Units pursuant to the Parent
Stock Plan in accordance with its present terms and consistent with prior practice, and the issuance of Parent Common Stock upon the
exercise of such Parent Options or the settlement of such Parent Restricted Stock Units, and (C) the issuance of Parent Common Stock
under its current and future (if any) at-the-market offering programs;

(c)    amend its certificate of incorporation, by-laws or other comparable charter or organizational documents, except for such
amendments to its certificate of incorporation, by-laws and other comparable charter or organizational documents that do not have an
adverse effect on the Merger and the other Transactions, or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or resolutions providing for a
complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Parent;

(d)    acquire or agree to acquire (i) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or substantially all the assets of or all
or substantially all the outstanding Equity Interests in, any business or any corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability
company or other company, association or other business organization or (ii) any assets or real property, in the case of (i) or (ii), which
acquisition or acquisitions would be material, individually or in the aggregate, to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
except purchases of land in the Ordinary Course of Business (including entering into option contracts to acquire (and purchasing
pursuant to the terms of such contracts) land (or an ownership interest in an entity holding land));

(e)    make any change in accounting methods, principles or practices materially affecting the reported consolidated assets,
liabilities or results of operations of Parent, except as may be required by a change in GAAP;

(f)    sell, lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any Parent Property or any of its land assets with
an aggregate valuation in excess of $1,000,000, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(g)    sell, lease (as lessor), license or otherwise dispose of or subject to any Lien any of its properties or assets that are material,
individually or in the aggregate, to Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, except sales of inventory and excess or
obsolete assets in the Ordinary Course of Business;

(h)    incur any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any such indebtedness of another Person, issue or sell any debt
securities or warrants or other rights to acquire any debt securities of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary or guarantee any debt securities
of another Person, except for borrowings incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business and offerings and sales of notes;

(i)    make any loan or advance (other than loans or advances that will be repaid before Closing) to any of its Affiliates, officers or
directors, other than in the Ordinary Course of Business; or

(j)    authorize any of, or resolve, commit or agree to take any of, the foregoing actions.
 

A-39



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 214/265

Table of Contents

ARTICLE VI
ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01    Preparation of the S-4 Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting.

(a)    As soon as practicable (but not later than 21 days) following the date of this Agreement, the Company and Parent shall
jointly prepare, and Parent shall file with the SEC, the S-4 Registration Statement, in which the Proxy Statement will be included as a
prospectus. Each of the Company and Parent shall use all reasonable efforts to (i) cause the S-4 Registration Statement to be declared
effective by the SEC under the Securities Act as promptly as practicable after such filing, (ii) ensure that the S-4 Registration Statement
complies in all material respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act, and (iii) keep the S-4 Registration Statement
effective for as long as necessary to complete the Merger and the issuance of the Stock Consideration in connection therewith. Each of
the Company and Parent shall (1) cooperate with each other in the preparation of the S-4 Registration Statement and the Proxy
Statement, (2) furnish to the other party all information concerning itself, its Affiliates, and the holders of Company Common Stock
and Parent Common Stock (as applicable) that is necessary or appropriate in connection with the preparation of the S-4 Registration
Statement and the Proxy Statement, and (3) provide such other assistance as may reasonably be required by such other party in
connection with the preparation, filing and distribution of the S-4 Registration Statement and the Proxy Statement.

(b)    Each of the Company and Parent shall (i) in advance of any filings with the SEC and written communications to its staff by
such party, provide the other party a reasonable opportunity to review and provide to such party its reasonable comments with respect
thereto (including the proposed final version of such document or response), (ii) promptly notify the other party of the receipt of any
comments from the SEC or its staff and of any request by the SEC or its staff for amendments or supplements to the S-4 Registration
Statement or the Proxy Statement or for additional information, (iii) supply the other party with copies of all correspondence between
such party or any of its Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC or its staff, on the other hand, with respect to the S-4
Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement or the Merger, and (iv) give the other party an opportunity to participate in any discussions
or meetings such party has with the SEC or its staff in connection with the S-4 Registration Statement, the Proxy Statement or the
Merger. Each of the Company and Parent shall use all reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any comments of the
SEC with respect to the Proxy Statement, and Parent shall use all reasonable efforts to respond as promptly as practicable to any
comments of the SEC with respect to the S-4 Registration Statement.

(c)    If before the Effective Time, any event occurs with respect to the Company, Parent, or any Company Subsidiary or Parent
Subsidiary, or any change occurs with respect to other information supplied by the Company or Parent for inclusion in the S-4
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement, which is required to be described in an amendment of, or a supplement to, the S-4
Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement (including discovery of any document containing any misstatement of a material fact or
omission of a material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
false or misleading), the Company and Parent shall promptly notify each other of such event and cooperate, in good faith, in the prompt
filing with the SEC of any necessary amendment or supplement to the S-4 Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement and, as
required by law, in disseminating the information contained in such amendment or supplement to the Company’s stockholders and the
Parent’s stockholders.

(d)    Notwithstanding any other provision herein to the contrary, no amendment or supplement (including by incorporation by
reference) to the Proxy Statement or the S-4 Registration Statement will be made without the approval of both the Company and
Parent, which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; provided, however, that with respect to documents
filed by a party that are incorporated by reference in the S-4 Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement, this right of approval will
apply only with respect to information relating to the other party or its business, financial condition or results of operations, or the
combined entity. The Company shall use all reasonable efforts to cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to its
 

A-40



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 215/265

Table of Contents

stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Company Stockholders Meeting as promptly as practicable after the S-4
Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act. Parent shall advise the Company, promptly after receipt of notice
thereof, of the time of effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement, the issuance of any stop order relating thereto, or the suspension
of the qualification of the Parent Common Stock included in the Merger Consideration for offering or sale in any jurisdiction, and
Parent shall use all reasonable efforts to have any such stop order or suspension lifted, reversed or otherwise terminated.

(e)    Unless this Agreement shall have been terminated in accordance with Article VIII, the Company shall, as soon as practicable
after the S-4 Registration Statement is declared effective under the Securities Act, in accordance with applicable Law and the Company
Charter and Company By-laws, establish a record date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (as
it may be adjourned, postponed or rescheduled from time to time, the “Company Stockholders Meeting”) for the purpose of obtaining
the Company Stockholder Approval. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Company agrees that its obligations pursuant
to this Section 6.01(e) or otherwise under this Agreement shall not be affected by (i) the receipt by the Company or any of its
Representatives, or the commencement, public proposal, public disclosure or other communication to the Company, of any Company
Takeover Proposal, or (ii) any Company Recommendation Change (if this Agreement has not been terminated in accordance with
Section 8.01(d) (Termination by Parent due to Company Recommendation Change) or Section 8.01(f) (Termination by the Company
before Receipt of Company Stockholder Approval). Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, the Company
may, in its sole discretion, adjourn, recess or postpone any then scheduled Company Stockholders Meeting, and may change the record
date thereof, if (and only if) (A) the Company Board (or a duly authorized committee thereof) determines in good faith, After
Consultation, that such adjournment, recess or postponement is necessary or advisable to ensure that any supplement or amendment to
the S-4 Registration Statement or the Proxy Statement is provided to the stockholders of the Company a reasonable amount of time in
advance of the Company Stockholders Meeting, (B) as of the time for which any then scheduled Company Stockholders Meeting is
scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Company Capital Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum
necessary to conduct the business of the Company Stockholders Meeting or to the extent that at such time the Company has not
received proxies sufficient to allow the receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval at the Company Stockholders Meeting, or (C) to
the extent required by applicable Law. The Company shall permit Representatives of Parent to attend the Company Stockholders
Meeting.

(f)    The Company shall engage a recognized proxy solicitation firm promptly after the date hereof and shall keep Parent
reasonably informed on a current basis of its proxy solicitation efforts and quorum share returns and voting tallies from and after the
mailing by the Company of the Proxy Statement, including by permitting Parent and its Representatives to participate (which can be by
telephonic means) in any substantive meetings or discussions with the Company’s proxy solicitation firm regarding the Company’s
proxy solicitation efforts and strategy for obtaining the Company Stockholder Approval, to the extent practicable; provided, however,
that the foregoing right of Parent and its Representatives to participate in such meetings and discussions shall not apply from and after
the time the Company Board (or any duly authorized committee thereof) (to the extent expressly permitted by Section 5.02(e) (Change
in Recommendation Permitted in Certain Circumstances)) shall have made and publicly announced a Company Recommendation
Change (unless any such Company Recommendation Change shall have been subsequently withdrawn by the Company Board (or such
committee) and this Agreement shall not theretofore have been terminated).

Section 6.02    Access to Information; Confidentiality.

(a)    Upon reasonable notice, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, afford to Parent and its
Representatives reasonable access, during normal business hours during the period before the earlier of the Effective Time and such
time as this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, to all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments,
employees and records and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, furnish promptly to
Parent all information concerning its business, properties and employees as Parent may reasonably request; provided, however, that
 

A-41



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 216/265

Table of Contents

such access does not unreasonably disrupt the normal operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries. This Section 6.02(a)
shall not require the Company or any Company Subsidiary to permit any access, or to disclose any information, that relates to the
negotiation and execution of this Agreement, any dispute between the Company and Parent, or, subject to Section 5.02, any Company
Takeover Proposal, or that in the reasonable judgment of the Company could reasonably be expected to result in (i) the disclosure of
any trade secrets of third parties or a violation of any of its obligations with respect to confidentiality, (ii) the risk of loss of attorney-
client privilege, or (iii) a Governmental Entity alleging that providing such information violates applicable Law. During any visit to the
business or property sites of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries, Parent shall, and shall cause its Representatives
accessing such properties to, comply with all applicable Laws and all the Company’s and the Company Subsidiaries’ safety and
security procedures. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.02(a), neither Parent, Merger Sub nor any of their
respective Representatives shall conduct, without the prior written consent of the Company, any environmental investigation at any
Company Property involving any sampling or other intrusive investigation of air, surface water, groundwater, soil, structures or
anything else at or in connection with any Company Property.

(b)    Upon reasonable notice, Parent shall, and shall cause each Parent Subsidiary to, afford to the Company and its
Representatives reasonable access, during normal business hours during the period before the earlier of the Effective Time and such
time as this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, to all their respective properties, books, contracts, commitments,
employees and records and, during such period, Parent shall, and shall cause each Parent Subsidiary to, furnish promptly to the
Company all information concerning its business, properties and employees as the Company may reasonably request; provided,
however, that such access does not unreasonably disrupt the normal operations of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries. This
Section 6.02(b) shall not require Parent or any Parent Subsidiaries to permit any access, or to disclose any information, that relates to
the negotiation and execution of this Agreement or any dispute between Parent and the Company, or that in the reasonable judgment of
Parent could reasonably be expected to result in (i) the disclosure of any trade secrets of third parties or a violation of any of its
obligations with respect to confidentiality, (ii) the risk of loss of attorney-client privilege, or (iii) a Governmental Entity alleging that
providing such information violates applicable Law. During any visit to the business or property sites of Parent or any of the Parent
Subsidiaries, the Company shall, and shall cause its Representatives accessing such properties to, comply with all applicable Laws and
all Parent’s and the Parent Subsidiaries’ safety and security procedures. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Section 6.02(b), none of the Company or its Representatives shall conduct, without the prior written consent of Parent, any
environmental investigation at any Parent Property involving any sampling or other intrusive investigation of air, surface water,
groundwater, soil, structures or anything else at or in connection with any Parent Property.

(c)    All information exchanged pursuant to this Section 6.02 shall be subject to the Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated March 18,
2016, as amended by the First Amendment to Non-Disclosure Agreement, dated March 14, 2017, each among the Company, Parent,
and PICO (as amended, the “Confidentiality Agreement”).

Section 6.03    Reasonable Efforts; Notification.

(a)    Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and except where a different standard of efforts to
be undertaken by the Company or Parent, as applicable, is expressly set forth in another Section or provision of this Agreement, each
of Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company shall use all reasonable efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to
be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other parties in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger and the other Transactions, including (i) the obtaining of all necessary
actions or non-actions, Permits, registrations, waivers, consents and approvals from Governmental Entities, the making of all necessary
registrations and filings (including filings with Governmental Entities, if any), and the taking of all reasonable steps as may be
necessary or desirable to obtain an approval, Permit, registration, or waiver from, or to avoid or terminate a Proceeding by, any
Governmental Entity, (ii) the obtaining of all necessary consents, approvals or waivers from third parties, (iii) the defending of any
 

A-42



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 217/265

Table of Contents

Proceedings challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other Transactions, including seeking to have any
stay or temporary restraining order entered by any court or other Governmental Entity vacated or reversed, and (iv) the execution and
delivery of any additional instruments necessary to consummate the Merger and the other Transactions and to fully carry out the
purposes of this Agreement. In connection with and without limiting the foregoing, the Company, the Company Board, Parent, and the
Parent Board shall (1) take all action necessary to ensure that no State Anti-Takeover Law or similar statute or regulation is or becomes
applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any other Transaction, and (2) if any State Anti-Takeover Law or similar statute or
regulation becomes or may become applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or any other Transaction, take all action necessary to
ensure that the Merger and the other Transactions be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated by this
Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such Anti-Takeover Law or similar statute or regulation on this Agreement, the
Merger and the other Transactions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 6.03(a), the Company shall not be
prohibited under this Section 6.03(a) from taking any action permitted by Section 5.02 (No Solicitation; Change of Company
Recommendation). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Parent shall and shall cause the Parent Subsidiaries to, and the
Company shall and shall cause the Company Subsidiaries to, take, or cause to be taken, all actions and do, or cause to be done, all
things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective the Transactions, and to avoid or eliminate each and every
impediment under any Law that may be asserted by any Governmental Entity or Person with respect to the Transactions so as to enable
the Closing to occur as soon as reasonably possible (and in any event no later than the Outside Date). Except as otherwise permitted
under this Agreement, each of the Company and Parent shall not (and shall cause its respective Subsidiaries and Affiliates not to) take
or agree to take any action that would be reasonably likely to prevent or materially delay the Closing.

(b)    The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent or Merger Sub shall give prompt notice to the Company, of
(i) any representation or warranty made by it contained in this Agreement that is qualified as to materiality becoming untrue or
inaccurate in any respect or any such representation or warranty that is not so qualified becoming untrue or inaccurate in any material
respect or (ii) the failure by it to comply with or satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied
with or satisfied by it under this Agreement; provided, however, that no such notice (or failure to give any such notice) shall affect the
representations, warranties, covenants or agreements of the parties or the conditions to the obligations of the parties under this
Agreement.

Section 6.04    Employee Benefits.

(a)    From the Effective Time, Parent shall continue or cause the Parent Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation, to
continue the employment of each individual who is an employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary immediately prior to the
Effective Time (each, a “Company Employee”), subject to Section 6.04(e). From the Effective Time until the first anniversary of the
Effective Time (the “Benefit Protection Period”), Parent shall provide or cause its Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation, to
provide (i) base salary, wages and commission opportunities to each Company Employee at a rate that is no less favorable than the rate
of base salary, wages or commission opportunities provided to such Company Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time,
(ii) an annual bonus opportunity to each Company Employee that is not less favorable than the annual bonus opportunity provided to
such Company Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time, and (iii) health and welfare benefits under plans and programs
maintained or to be maintained by Parent or any of the Parent Subsidiaries that are no less favorable than the health and welfare
benefits provided to similarly situated employees of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries after the Effective Time.

(b)    For all purposes (including for purposes of determining eligibility to participate, level of benefits, vesting, and benefit
accruals, other than for benefit accrual purposes of any defined benefit pension plan) under any “employee benefit plan” (as such term
is defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, but without regard to whether the applicable plan is subject to ERISA) and any other employee
benefit plan, program, policy or arrangement maintained by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation
(except for any defined
 

A-43



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 218/265

Table of Contents

benefit pension plan or equity compensation plan or arrangement), including any vacation, paid time off and severance plans, each
Company Employee’s service with or otherwise credited by the Company or any Company Subsidiary shall be treated as service with
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation; provided, however, that such service need not be recognized to
the extent that such recognition would result in any duplication of benefits.

(c)    Parent shall or shall cause its Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation, to use all reasonable efforts to waive, or
cause to be waived, any pre-existing condition limitations, exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods under any
welfare benefit plan maintained by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation, in which Company
Employees (and their eligible dependents) will be eligible to participate from and after the Effective Time, except to the extent that
such pre-existing condition limitations, exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods would not have been satisfied or
waived under the comparable Company Benefit Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time. Parent shall, or shall cause its
Subsidiaries, including the Surviving Corporation, to use all reasonable efforts to recognize, or cause to be recognized, the dollar
amount of all co-payments, deductibles and similar expenses incurred by each Company Employee (and his or her eligible dependents)
during the calendar year in which the Effective Time occurs for purposes of satisfying such year’s deductible and co-payment
limitations under the relevant welfare benefit plans in which such Company Employee (and dependents) will be eligible to participate
from and after the Effective Time.

(d)    Prior to the Effective Time, the Company may implement a retention plan for the benefit of Company Employees that shall
provide for retention benefits or other payments to such Company Employees, as described in Section 5.01(e)(1), in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $1,000,000; provided, that (i) the Company shall provide Parent with copies of any documentation of such
retention plan and an opportunity to provide reasonable comments thereto prior to such plan being adopted by the Company, and
(ii) Parent shall have such prior approval rights as described in Section 5.01(e).

(e)    Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing contained herein shall (i) be treated as an amendment of any Benefit Plan, (ii) give
any employee or former employee or any other individual associated therewith or any employee benefit plan or trustee thereof or any
other third person any right to enforce the provisions of this Section 6.04, or (iii) obligate Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of
their Affiliates to (A) maintain any particular benefit plan, except in accordance with the terms of such plan, or (B) retain the
employment of any particular employee.

Section 6.05    Indemnification.

(a)    After the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to honor all the Company’s obligations to,
exculpate or indemnify, defend and hold harmless (including advancing funds for expenses), to the fullest extent permitted by Law, the
current and former directors and officers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries and any employee of the Company or any of
the Company Subsidiaries who acts as a fiduciary under any Company Benefit Plan for acts or omissions by such persons occurring at
or before the Effective Time (including acts or omissions relating to this Agreement and the Transactions), and such obligations shall
survive the Merger and shall continue in full force and effect in accordance with the terms of the Company Charter, the Company
By-laws and any individual indemnity agreements or other applicable documents from the Effective Time until the expiration of the
applicable statute of limitations with respect to any claims against such persons arising from, relating to, or otherwise in respect of,
such acts or omissions. After the Effective Time, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall maintain in effect the exculpation,
indemnification and advancement of expenses provisions of (i) the Surviving Corporation’s certificate of incorporation as in effect
immediately after the Effective Time (the form of which is attached hereto as Exhibit A), (ii) the Company By-laws and any Company
Subsidiary’s certificates of incorporation and by-laws or similar organizational documents as in effect immediately prior to the
Effective Time, and (iii) any indemnification agreements of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries with any of their respective
directors, officers or employees as in effect
 

A-44



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 219/265

Table of Contents

immediately prior to the Effective Time, and in each case of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above, shall not amend, repeal or otherwise modify
any such provisions in any manner that would adversely affect the rights thereunder of any individuals who at the Effective Time were
current or former directors, officers or employees of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.

(b)    For a period of six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance maintained by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (provided, however, that Parent
may substitute therefor policies with reputable and financially sound carriers of at least the same coverage and amounts containing
terms and conditions that are no less advantageous) with respect to claims arising from, relating to, or otherwise in respect of, facts or
events that occurred at or before the Effective Time; provided, however, that Parent shall not be obligated to make annual premium
payments for such insurance to the extent such premiums exceed 300% of the Company’s annual premium therefor paid in the twelve
months prior to the date of this Agreement (such amount, the “Maximum Premium”). If such insurance coverage cannot be obtained at
all, or can only be obtained at an annual premium in excess of the Maximum Premium, Parent shall maintain the most advantageous
policies of directors’ and officers’ insurance obtainable for an annual premium equal to the Maximum Premium. At the Company’s
option, the Company may purchase, prior to the Effective Time, a six-year prepaid “tail” policy on terms and conditions providing
substantially equivalent benefits as the current policies of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and fiduciary liability insurance
maintained by the Company and the Company Subsidiaries with respect to facts or events that occurred at or before the Effective Time,
including the Transactions. If such “tail” prepaid policy has been obtained by the Company prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall
cause such policy to be maintained in full force and effect, for its full term, and cause the Surviving Corporation to honor all
obligations thereunder.

(c)    If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any
other Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or (ii) transfers or
conveys all or substantially all its properties and assets, then, and in each case, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall ensure that
such surviving corporation or entity or the transferees of such properties or assets assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.05.

Section 6.06    Fees and Expenses.

(a)    Except as provided below, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger and the other Transactions shall be
paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses, whether or not the Merger is consummated, except that (i) the Company shall bear all
fees and expenses incurred in connection with preparing the Proxy Statement, (ii) Parent shall bear all fees and expenses incurred in
connection with preparing the S-4 Registration Statement, and (iii) Parent and the Company shall each bear 50% of all fees and
expenses incurred in connection with (A) filing (including SEC registration fees), printing and mailing the Proxy Statement and the S-4
Registration Statement, and (B) any regulatory filings, or obtaining any consents or approvals from Governmental Entities or third
parties necessary for Closing.

(b)    If any action or other Proceeding is brought based upon any party’s breach of this Agreement, the prevailing party, as
determined by a court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal may be taken, shall be entitled to recover fees and expenses in
connection with such breach, including attorney’s fees and costs from the other party to the action or other Proceeding.

(c)    The Company shall pay or cause to be paid to Parent a nonrefundable cash fee equal to $7,050,000 if: (i) the Company
terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(f) (Termination by the Company before Receipt of Company Stockholder
Approval), (ii) Parent terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d) (Termination by Parent due to Company Recommendation
Change), or (iii) (A) a Company Takeover Proposal is made and publicly disclosed (substituting, for purposes of this Section 6.06(c),
“80%” for each reference in the definition of “Company Takeover Proposal” to “20%”) (a “Company Qualifying Transaction”) and not
subsequently publicly withdrawn, and thereafter this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(b)(i) (Lapse of Outside Date),
Section 8.01(b)(iv) (Failure of the Company to Obtain Company Stockholder
 

A-45



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 220/265

Table of Contents

Approval), or Section 8.01(c) (Company Breach), and (B) within 12-months of such termination, the Company enters into a definitive
agreement to consummate, or consummates, a Company Qualifying Transaction. Any fee due under this Section 6.06(c) shall be paid
to Parent by wire transfer to the account specified in Parent Schedule 6.06(c) of same-day funds on the date of termination of this
Agreement pursuant to clause (i) of the preceding sentence, within two Business Days after termination of this Agreement by Parent
pursuant to clause (ii) of the preceding sentence (in the case of a Company Intervening Event in accordance with Section 5.02(e)
(Change in Recommendation Permitted in Certain Circumstances), or on the earlier of the date of (x) execution of such definitive
agreement and (y) consummation of such transaction in the case of termination of this Agreement pursuant to clause (iii) of the
preceding sentence. In no event shall the Company be required to pay the fee set forth in this Section 6.06(c) on more than one
occasion.

(d)    Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, but subject to the proviso to this sentence in the case
of intentional fraud or willful breach, if this Agreement is terminated and Parent has been paid in full a fee under Section 6.06(c)
(Termination Fee to Parent), the payment to Parent of such fee shall be the sole and exclusive remedy of Parent and its Related Persons
against the Company or any of its Related Persons, and upon full payment of such fee to Parent, Parent (on its own behalf and on
behalf of its Related Persons) hereby agrees that it thereby shall have waived all other remedies against the Company or any of its
Related Persons with respect to (i) any failure of the Merger and the other Transactions to be consummated and (ii) any breach,
violation or non-compliance by the Company of any of its obligations to consummate the Merger and the other Transactions or of any
representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company set forth herein; provided, however, that the foregoing waiver and
election of remedies limitation shall not apply in the case of any intentional fraud or willful breach on the part of the Company or any
of its controlled Affiliates. Except as set forth in the proviso to the preceding sentence, upon payment in full by the Company of such
fee, none of the Company or its Related Persons shall have any further liability or obligation (under this Agreement or otherwise)
relating to or arising out of this Agreement or any of the Transactions, and in no event shall Parent (and Parent shall ensure that its
Related Persons do not) seek to recover any money damages or losses, or seek to pursue any other recovery, judgment, damages or
remedy (including any equitable remedy under Section 9.10 (Enforcement) or otherwise or any remedy or claim sounding in tort) of
any kind, in connection with this Agreement.

(e)    The parties hereto agree that the agreements contained in this Section 6.06 are an integral part of this Agreement and
constitute a material inducement for the parties hereto to enter into this Agreement and that the fee payable pursuant to this
Section 6.06 constitutes liquidated damages and not a penalty.

Section 6.07    Public Announcements. Except as provided in Section 5.02, Parent and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and the
Company, on the other hand, shall consult with each other before issuing, and provide each other the opportunity to review and
comment upon, any press release or other public statements with respect to the Merger and the other Transactions and shall not issue
any such press release or make any such public statement before such consultation, except to the extent required by Law, court process
or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities exchange. Parent and the Company agree that the initial
press release (or releases) to be issued with respect to the Merger and the other Transactions shall be in the form previously agreed to
be the parties (the “Announcement”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 6.07 shall not apply to any press release or other
public statement made by the Company or Parent (a) which is consistent with the Announcement and the terms of this Agreement and
does not contain any information relating to the Company or Parent that has not been previously announced or made public in
accordance with the terms of this Agreement or (b) is made in the ordinary course of business and does not relate specifically to the
signing of this Agreement, the Merger or the other Transactions.
 

A-46



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 221/265

Table of Contents

Section 6.08    Certain Tax and Structure Matters.

(a)    All stock transfer, real estate transfer, documentary, stamp, recording and other similar Taxes (including interest, penalties
and additions to any such Taxes) (“Transfer Taxes”) incurred in connection with the Transactions, if any, shall be paid by the Surviving
Corporation.

(b)    Each of Parent, the Company and Merger Sub will use reasonable efforts to cause the Merger to qualify for the Intended Tax
Treatment, including considering and negotiating in good faith such amendments to this Agreement as may reasonably be required in
order to obtain such qualification (it being understood that no party will be required to agree to any such amendment). Unless
otherwise required by applicable Law, Parent, the Company and Merger Sub will report the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including for U.S. federal income Tax purposes, in a manner consistent with such qualification. No
party will take any action or fail to take any action, or allow any Affiliate to take any action or fail to take any action, that would
reasonably be expected to prevent any of the foregoing.

(c)    Each of Parent and the Company will use reasonable efforts to obtain the Tax opinions described in Section 7.01(f) (Tax
Opinion) (collectively, the “Tax Opinions”). The appropriate officers of Parent, the Company and Merger Sub will execute and deliver
to Greenberg Traurig, LLP, counsel to Parent, and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP, counsel to the Company, certificates
substantially in the forms set forth in Parent Schedule 6.08(c) and Company Schedule 6.08(c) (the “Representation Letters”). Each
Representation Letter will be dated on the or before the date of such Tax Opinion and shall not have been withdrawn or modified in any
material respect.

Section 6.09    Transaction Litigation. The Company shall control, and shall give Parent prompt notice of, keep Parent promptly
and fully informed with respect to, and consult with Parent regarding, any Proceeding commenced or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened, against the Company or any of its directors, officers, managers, partners or Affiliates relating to this Agreement,
the Merger, or any of the other Transactions (collectively, “Transaction Litigation”). The Company shall consult with Parent regarding
the defense or settlement of any Transaction Litigation and will not compromise, settle, reach an arrangement regarding or agree to
compromise, settle or reach an arrangement regarding any Transaction Litigation or consent to the same, without the prior written
consent of Parent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. In connection with any Transaction
Litigation and the parties’ performance of their obligations under this Section 6.09, the parties will enter into a customary common
interest or joint defense agreement or implement such other arrangement as reasonably required to preserve any attorney-client
privilege or other applicable legal privilege; except that the Company will not be required to provide information if the Company
Board determines in good faith, After Consultation, that doing so would be reasonably likely to cause the risk of loss of any attorney-
client privilege or other applicable legal privilege.

Section 6.10    Rule 16b-3. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall be permitted to take such steps as may be reasonably
necessary or advisable to cause dispositions of Company equity securities (including derivative securities) pursuant to the Transactions
by each individual who is a director or officer of the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.11    Exchange of PICO Membership Interests. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all action as may be
necessary on its part for PICO’s exercise of its right (the “Exchange Request”) to exchange the PICO Membership Interests for shares
of Company Common Stock on the terms and subject to the conditions of the Exchange Agreement (the “Exchange”) to become
effective and irrevocable, for the Exchange to be consummated and, from and after the consummation of the Exchange (and the
transactions contemplated thereby), for all issued and outstanding membership interests and other voting and economic interests in and
to UCP LLC to be wholly owned by the Company.

Section 6.12    Listing of Shares of Parent Common Stock on the NYSE. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall use all
reasonable efforts (including paying all applicable listing fees) to cause the shares of Parent
 

A-47



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 222/265

Table of Contents

Common Stock to be issued in the Merger to be approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance. The Company
shall cooperate with Parent in connection with the foregoing, including by providing information reasonably requested by Parent in
connection therewith.

Section 6.13    Delisting of Shares of Company Common Stock from the NYSE. Each of the parties will cooperate with the other
parties in taking, or causing to be taken, all actions necessary to delist the Company Common Stock from the NYSE and terminate the
Company’s registration under the Exchange Act, except that such delisting and termination will not be effective until after the Effective
Time.

ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 7.01    Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger. The respective obligation of each party to effect the
Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:

(a)    Company Stockholder Approval. The Company shall have obtained the Company Stockholder Approval at the Company
Stockholders Meeting.

(b)    No Injunctions or Restraints. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other Judgment issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction or Law preventing the consummation of the Merger or any of the other Transactions shall be in
effect.

(c)    Exchange of PICO Membership Interests. The Exchange shall have been consummated and UCP LLC shall be a wholly-
owned Subsidiary of the Company.

(d)    Effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement. The S-4 Registration Statement shall have been declared effective by the
SEC under the Securities Act. No stop order suspending the effectiveness of the S-4 Registration Statement shall have been issued by
the SEC, and no proceedings for that purpose shall have been initiated or threatened by the SEC.

(e)    NYSE Listing. The shares of Parent Common Stock to be issued to holders of Company Common Stock in the Merger
pursuant to Section 2.02 (Exchange of Certificates) shall have been approved for listing on the NYSE (or any successor inter-dealer
quotation system or stock exchange thereto), subject to official notice of issuance.

(f)    Tax Opinion. Each of the Company and Parent shall have received (i) a copy of the opinion of Paul, Weiss, Rifkind,
Wharton & Garrison LLP, dated as of the Effective Time, to the effect that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the
meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, and (ii) a copy of the opinion of Greenberg Traurig, LLP, dated as of the Effective Time, to the
effect that the Merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code. In rendering such opinion,
Greenberg Traurig, LLP and Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP shall be entitled to rely on the Representation Letters.

Section 7.02    Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to effect the
Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:

(a)    Company Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company in the first, second, sixth, and
eighth sentences of Section 3.02(a) (Capital Stock of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries), except for such inaccuracies that
are not reasonably expected to result, individually or in the
 

A-48



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 223/265

Table of Contents

aggregate, in additional cost, expense or liability to Parent and Merger Sub, of more than $250,000 (it being hereby acknowledged and
agreed that the foregoing $250,000 limitation is not intended to and shall not establish a materiality standard or threshold for any other
provision or purpose of this Agreement), Section 3.02(c) (Company’s Economic Interests in UCP LLC), Section 3.03 (Authority;
Execution and Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes), Section 3.04(a)(i) (No Conflicts with Charter or By-laws), and
Section 3.22 (Brokers; Fees and Expenses) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date as though made on the
Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to another date (in which case such
representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such other date). All other representations and warranties of the
Company in this Agreement (in each case, without giving effect to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications therein, or
any provisions contained therein relating to preventing or materially delaying the consummation of the Merger or any of the other
Transactions) shall be true and correct on the Closing Date as though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such
representations and warranties expressly relate to another date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and
correct on and as of such other date), and except for such failures to be true and correct that, individually and in the aggregate, have not
had, and would not be likely to have, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of
the Company by a senior executive officer of the Company to such effect.

(b)    Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company shall have performed its obligations in Section 5.02 (No
Solicitation; Change of Company Recommendation) (other than such non-willful breach and non-compliance that does not prejudice
Parent’s substantive rights and benefits under Section 5.02 (No Solicitation; Change of Company Recommendation)), and the Company
shall have performed in all material respects all other obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement, in each case, at
or before the Closing Date, and Parent shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of the Company by a senior executive officer
of the Company to such effect.

(c)    Absence of Company Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement there shall not have been any event, change,
effect or development that has had, or is likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 7.03    Conditions to Obligation of the Company. The obligation of the Company to effect the Merger is further subject to
the satisfaction or waiver on or before the Closing Date of each of the following conditions:

(a)    Parent and Merger Sub Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub in the
first, second, sixth and eighth sentences of Section 4.02(a) (Capital Stock of Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries), except for such
inaccuracies that are not reasonably expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in an increase in the number of authorized,
issued or outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock or Parent Preferred Stock, on a fully diluted basis, of more than a number of
shares equal to the quotient of (x) $250,000 divided by (y) the average closing sale price of a share of Parent Common Stock as
reported on the NYSE for the five consecutive trading days ending on the second complete trading day immediately preceding the date
hereof (it being hereby acknowledged and agreed that the foregoing $250,000 limitation is not intended to and shall not establish a
materiality standard or threshold for any other provision or purpose of this Agreement), Section 4.03 (Authority; Execution and
Delivery; Enforceability; State Takeover Statutes), and Section 4.04(a)(i) (No Conflicts with Charter or By-Laws) shall be true and
correct in all respects as of the Closing Date as though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and
warranties expressly relate to another date (in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of
such other date). All other representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub in this Agreement (in each case, without giving
effect to any materiality or Material Adverse Effect qualifications therein, or any provisions contained therein relating to preventing or
materially delaying the consummation of the Merger or any of the other Transactions) shall be true and correct on the Closing Date as
though made on the Closing Date, except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to another date (in which
case such
 

A-49



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 224/265

Table of Contents

representations and warranties shall be true and correct on and as of such other date), except for such failures to be true and correct
that, individually and in the aggregate, have not had, and would not be likely to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. The Company
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by a senior executive officer of Parent to such effect.

(b)    Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects
all obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement, in each case, at or before the Closing Date, and the Company
shall have received a certificate signed on behalf of Parent by a senior executive officer of Parent to such effect.

(c)    Absence of Parent Material Adverse Effect. Since the date of this Agreement there shall not have been any event, change,
effect or development that has had, or is likely to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 7.04    Frustration of Closing Conditions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, none of
the Company, Parent or Merger Sub may rely, either as a basis for not consummating the Merger or the other Transactions or for
terminating this Agreement and abandoning the Merger, on the failure of any condition set forth in Section 7.01 (Conditions to Each
Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger), Section 7.02 (Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub) or Section 7.03
(Conditions to Obligation of the Company), as the case may be, to be satisfied, if in any such case such party has materially breached
any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements set forth in this Agreement or has otherwise failed to perform fully its
obligations under this Agreement in any manner that shall have proximately caused a failure of any such condition or otherwise have
given rise to a right of termination of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 8.01    Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time before the Effective Time, whether before or after
receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval (except as otherwise expressly provided in this Section 8.01):

(a)    by mutual written consent of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company;

(b)    by either Parent or the Company:

(i)    if the Merger is not consummated on or before October 15, 2017 (the “Outside Date”);

(ii)    if any Governmental Entity issues a Judgment permanently enjoining or otherwise permanently prohibiting the Merger
and such Judgment shall have become final and non-appealable;

(iii)    if any condition to the obligation of such party to consummate the Merger set forth in Section 7.01 (Conditions to
Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger), or Section 7.02 (Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub) (in the case
of termination by Parent), or Section 7.03 (Conditions to Obligation of the Company) (in the case of termination by the
Company), becomes incapable of satisfaction before the Outside Date; or

(iv)    if the Company Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the Company Stockholders Meeting.

provided, however, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to clause (i), clause (ii) or clause (iii) of this
Section 8.01(b) shall not be available to any party hereto if such party has breached any provision of this Agreement or has
otherwise failed to perform fully its obligations under this Agreement in any manner that shall have caused the issuance of such
Judgment or the Merger and the other Transactions not to be consummated by the Outside Date;

 
A-50



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 225/265

Table of Contents

(c)    by Parent, if the Company breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.02(a) (Company
Representations and Warranties) or Section 7.02(b) (Performance of Obligations of the Company), and (ii) cannot be or, if capable of
cure, has not been, cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to the Company of such breach or failure to perform;
provided, that Parent is not then in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant contained in this Agreement;

(d)    by Parent, before receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, if the Company Board (or any duly authorized committee
thereof) makes any Company Recommendation Change; provided, that if Parent elects to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement
by reason of a Company Recommendation Change made solely in respect of a Company Intervening Event, Parent shall deliver to the
Company a notice of termination (in accordance with Section 8.05 (Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver)) not
later than five (5) Business Days immediately following the date the Company shall have publicly announced the Company
Recommendation Change solely in respect of such Company Intervening Event, but only if at the time Parent delivers such notice, the
Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained;

(e)    by the Company, if Parent breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties or covenants contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform (i) would give rise to the failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.03(a) (Parent and
Merger Sub Representations and Warranties) or Section 7.03(b) (Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub), and
(ii) cannot be or, if capable of cure, has not been, cured within 30 days after the giving of written notice to Parent of such breach or
failure to perform; provided, that the Company is not then in breach of any representation, warranty or covenant in this Agreement; or

(f)    by the Company, before receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, if (i) a Superior Company Proposal has been made
and received by the Company not in breach of Section 5.02(b) (Prohibition on Soliciting Activities), (ii) the Company has complied
with the first sentence of Section 5.02(c) (Discussions Permitted in Certain Circumstances) and with the provisions of Section 5.02(e)
(Change in Recommendation Permitted in Certain Circumstances) expressly applicable to a Superior Company Proposal, (iii) the
Company is and has been in compliance with the other provisions of Section 5.02 (No Solicitation; Change of Company
Recommendation) (other than such non-willful breach and non-compliance that does not prejudice Parent’s substantive rights and
benefits under Section 5.02), (iv) the Company concurrently pays (or causes to be paid) to Parent the fee due under Section 6.06(c)(i)
(Fee to Parent upon Termination by the Company before Company Stockholder Approval), and (v) the Company Board concurrently
approves, and the Company concurrently enters into, a definitive agreement providing for such Superior Company Proposal.
Acceptance by Parent of the fee due under Section 6.06(c) (Fee to Parent) shall constitute acceptance by Parent of the validity of any
termination by the Company of this Agreement under this Section 8.01(f) (Termination by the Company before Receipt of Company
Stockholder Approval), subject to the proviso to the first sentence of Section 6.06(d) (Fee to Parent upon Termination; Exclusive
Remedy).

Section 8.02    Effect of Termination. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either the Company or Parent as provided
in Section 8.01 (Termination), this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without any liability or obligation on the
part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, other than Section 3.25 (No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance),
Section 4.26 (No Additional Representations; Extrinsic Non-Reliance), the last sentence of Section 6.02 (Access to Information;
Confidentiality), Section 6.06 (Fees and Expenses), this Section 8.02 and Article IX (General Provisions), which provisions shall
survive such termination; provided, however, that, except as provided in Section 6.06(d) (Fee to Parent upon Termination; Exclusive
Remedy), the termination of this Agreement shall not relieve any party from any liability for intentional fraud or willful breach.

Section 8.03    Amendment. This Agreement and the Exhibits and Schedules hereto may be amended by all the parties hereto at
any time before or after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however,
 

A-51



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 226/265

Table of Contents

that (i) after receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, there shall be made no amendment that by Law requires further approval
by the stockholders of the Company without the further approval of such stockholders, and (ii) no amendment shall be made to this
Agreement after the Effective Time. Except as required by Law, no amendment of this Agreement and the Exhibits and Schedules
hereto by the Company or Parent shall require the approval of the stockholders of the Company or the stockholders of Parent,
respectively. This Agreement and the Exhibits and Schedules hereto may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on
behalf of each of the parties hereto.

Section 8.04    Extension; Waiver. At any time before the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend the time for the performance
of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in
this Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements or
conditions contained in this Agreement. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of such party. The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall
not constitute a waiver of such rights. For any matter under this Agreement requiring the consent or approval of any party, such consent
or approval shall be valid and binding on a party hereto only if such consent or approval is delivered in an instrument in writing signed
on behalf of such party.

Section 8.05    Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver. A termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.01 (Termination), an amendment of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.03 (Amendment) or an extension or waiver
pursuant to Section 8.04 (Extension; Waiver) shall, in order to be effective, require in the case of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company,
action by its Board of Directors or the duly authorized designee of its Board of Directors, together with notice thereof to the other
parties hereto as contemplated by Section 9.02 (Notices). Termination of this Agreement before the Effective Time shall not require the
approval of the stockholders of the Company or the stockholders of Parent.

ARTICLE IX
GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.01    Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties. None of the representations and warranties in this Agreement or in
any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This Section 9.01 shall not limit any covenant or
agreement of the parties that by its terms contemplates performance after the Effective Time.

Section 9.02    Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in
writing, shall be sent by facsimile transmission or e-mail of a .pdf attachment (providing confirmation of transmission), by reliable
overnight delivery service (with proof of service) or by hand delivery, and shall be deemed given upon receipt by the parties at the
following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice); provided, however, that any notice
received by facsimile or e-mail transmission or otherwise at the addressee’s location on any Business Day after 5:00 p.m. (addressee’s
local time) or on a day that is not a Business Day shall be deemed to have been received at 9:00 a.m. (addressee’s local time) on the
next Business Day:
 

 (a) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to

Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650
Greenwood Village, CO 80111
Attention: Dale Francescon, Chairman of the Board and Co-CEO
Email: DaleF@centurycommunities.com

 
A-52



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 227/265

Table of Contents

with copies (which shall not constitute notice under this Section 9.02) to:

Greenberg Traurig, LLP
1840 Century Park East, Suite 1900
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Attention: Mark J. Kelson
Fax: 310-586-0556
Email: kelsonm@gtlaw.com

Greenberg Traurig, LLP
The MetLife Building
200 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10116
Attention: Clifford E. Neimeth
Fax: 212-805-9383
Email: neimethc@gtlaw.com

 
 (b) if to the Company, to

UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400
San Jose, CA 95133
Attention: Dustin L. Bogue, President and Chief Executive Officer
Email: dbogue@unioncommunityllc.com

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice pursuant to this Section 9.02) to:

Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP
1285 Avenue of the Americas
New York, NY 10019
Attention:    Ross A. Fieldston
                    Jeffrey D. Marell
Fax:             212-492-0075
                     212-492-0105
Email:         rfieldston@paulweiss.com
                     jmarell@paulweiss.com

Section 9.03    Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement:

“Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement” means an agreement, between the Company and a Person, that contains confidentiality
obligations and covenants of such Person (that has made after the date hereof a Company Takeover Proposal not in breach of
Section 5.02(b) (Prohibition on Soliciting Activities)) that, the Company Board determines in good faith, After Consultation, are no less
favorable in the aggregate to the Company than the obligations and covenants of Parent contained in the Confidentiality Agreement.

An “Affiliate” of any Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is
controlled by, or is under common control with, such first Person. “Control” has the meaning specified in Rule 405 under the Securities
Act.

“After Consultation” means with respect to any determination of the Company Board (or duly authorized committee thereof)
under and in respect of this Agreement, after consultation with each of the Company
 

A-53



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 228/265

Table of Contents

Financial Advisor and the Company’s outside legal counsel; provided, however, that if such consultation relates exclusively to matters
of Law (including, determinations with respect to the fiduciary duties of the Company’s directors under applicable Law), then “After
Consultation” shall mean, with respect to such legal determinations, after consultation exclusively with the Company’s outside legal
counsel.

“Business Day” means any day, other than a Saturday or a Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking
institutions are generally authorized or required by law or regulation to close in the City of New York, New York.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Company ERISA Affiliate” means each Company Subsidiary and any other person or entity under common control with the
Company or any Company Subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code and the regulations issued
thereunder and/or Section 4001(b)(1) of ERISA.

“Company Intellectual Property” means all material Intellectual Property (a) owned by the Company or any Company
Subsidiaries, and (b) used by the Company or any Company Subsidiaries in the business of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries
as of the date hereof.

“Company Intervening Event” means an event, state of facts, change, discovery, development or circumstance that is material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries (and not of a general economic, industry or market nature, except to the extent the Company is
affected in a beneficially disproportionate manner compared to other companies that operate in the Company’s industry sector and
which other companies conduct substantially the same businesses as the Company and the Company Subsidiaries currently operating),
taken as a whole, that was not known or reasonably foreseeable by the Company Board as of or prior to the date of this Agreement, and
which event, state of facts, change, discovery, development or circumstance becomes known to the Company Board prior to obtaining
the Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that in no event shall any of the following constitute a Company Intervening
Event: (i) any Company Takeover Proposal or Superior Company Proposal, or any inquiry, offer or proposal that constitutes or that
reasonably can be expected to lead to or result in any Company Takeover Proposal or Superior Company Proposal; or (ii) any change
in the price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock or the Company’s credit rating (except that this clause (ii) will not
prevent or otherwise affect a determination that any change, effect, event, circumstance, development or occurrence underlying such
change has resulted in or contributed to a Company Intervening Event).

“Company Material Adverse Effect” means any effect, or any change, event, development, state of facts or occurrence,
individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse on or to the (a) business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of
operations of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) ability of the Company to consummate the Merger
and the other Transactions prior to the Outside Date; provided, however, that none of the following shall be taken into account in
determining whether a “Company Material Adverse Effect” has occurred or would be reasonably likely to occur: (i) changes in
financial, securities or currency markets, changes in prevailing interest rates or exchange rates, changes in general economic or
political conditions, changes in the industry in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary operates, changes in commodity prices,
or effects of weather, natural disaster or acts of God, (ii) any attack, outbreak, hostility, terrorist activity, act or declaration of war or act
of public enemies or other calamity, crisis or geopolitical event, (iii) changes in Law or in any interpretation of any Law, or changes in
regulatory conditions in the jurisdictions in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary operates (including, for avoidance of
doubt, if California Assembly Bill No. 199 is enacted into Law), (iv) changes in GAAP or any authoritative interpretation thereof,
(v) any failure of the Company to meet its internal or published earnings, revenue, cash flows or EBITDA forecasts, projections,
guidance, or estimates or any budgets or financial or operating plans, or any change or prospective change to the Company’s credit
ratings (but not the underlying causes of any such failure or change to the extent not otherwise falling within any of the exceptions set
forth in clauses (i) through (x) of this definition), (vi) the negotiation, announcement, execution, delivery, consummation or pendency
of this
 

A-54



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 229/265

Table of Contents

Agreement or of the Transactions (including any effect thereof on the relationships of the Company or any Company Subsidiary with
their customers, suppliers, employees or competitors; provided, that the Company complies in all material respects with its covenants
and agreements in the first sentence in the prefatory paragraph of Section 5.01 (Conduct of Business by the Company)), (vii) any
litigation arising from any alleged breach of fiduciary duty or other violation of Law relating to this Agreement or the Transactions,
(viii) any action taken or omission to act by the Company, its controlled Affiliates or any other Person that is expressly contemplated or
required by this Agreement or the Exhibits or Schedules hereto, (ix) actions taken or not taken at the request or with the consent of
Parent, or (x) any breach, violation or non-performance by Parent or Merger Sub of any of their obligations under this Agreement;
provided, however, that any effects resulting from the matters referred to in clause (i), clause (ii) or clause (iii) above shall not be
disregarded and shall be taken into account for purposes of determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred or
would be reasonably likely to occur, to the extent of any disproportionate impact thereof on the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other companies operating in the Company’s industry and in the same geographic
region. Changes in the trading prices or trading volume of Company Common Stock, in and of themselves, shall not constitute or
contribute to a “Company Material Adverse Effect,” but the underlying causes thereof may constitute or contribute to a Company
Material Adverse Effect to the extent not otherwise excluded from this definition.

“Company Stock Plan” means the UCP, Inc. 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, filed on May 12, 2014.

“Company Takeover Proposal” means any offer or proposal made by any Person (other than the Company, any Company
Subsidiary, PICO, Parent or Merger Sub) or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act), relating to or
providing for, in any single transaction or series of related transactions (other than the Merger and the other Transactions), directly or
indirectly, any (i) purchase, sale, lease, license, assignment, transfer, exchange or other disposition of assets of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary representing 20% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company or to which 20% or more of the Company’s
earnings power or revenues are attributable; (ii) acquisition of 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding
shares of Company Capital Stock; (iii) tender or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in any such Person(s) or group
owning 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock; (iv) issuance by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary of Equity Interests representing 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-
outstanding Company Capital Stock; (v) merger, business combination, consolidation, share exchange, reorganization, recapitalization,
liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving the Company or any Company Subsidiary pursuant to which any Person,
group or such Person’s or group’s stockholders (other than the stockholders of the Company (as a group) immediately prior to the
consummation of such transaction) would beneficially own 20% or more of the aggregate voting power of the then-outstanding shares
of Company Capital Stock or other equity securities of the Company resulting, directly or indirectly, from any such transaction; or
(vi) any combination of the foregoing types of transactions if the total percentage of the Company’s consolidated assets, earnings
power and/or revenues involved is 20% or more, or if such Person(s) or group (or the stockholders of such Person(s) or group) would
acquire beneficial ownership or the right to acquire beneficial ownership of Equity Interests representing 20% or more of the aggregate
voting power of the then-outstanding Company Capital Stock.

“Company Trade Secrets” means all rights under applicable US state trade secret laws as are applicable to know-how and
confidential information that are material to the business of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

“Environmental Laws” means any and all Laws, Judgments and Permits issued, promulgated or entered into by or with any
Governmental Entity, relating to pollution or protection of the environment, the preservation or reclamation of natural resources or to
the management, Release or threatened Release of Hazardous Materials.

“Environmental Permits” means any permit, registration, identification number, license and other authorization required under
any applicable Environmental Law.
 

A-55



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 230/265

Table of Contents

“Equity Interest” means any share, capital stock, partnership, limited liability company, membership, member or similar interest
in any Person, and any option, warrant, right or security (including debt securities) convertible, exchangeable or exercisable thereto or
therefor.

“Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended.

“Filed Company SEC Documents” means the reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including the exhibits
and other information incorporated therein) filed with or furnished to the SEC by the Company and publicly available before the date
hereof.

“Filed Parent SEC Documents” means the reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents (including the exhibits and
other information incorporated therein) filed with or furnished to the SEC by Parent and publicly available before the date hereof.

“GAAP” means United States generally accepted accounting principles, as in effect from time to time.

“Hazardous Materials” means (a) any and all radioactive materials or wastes, petroleum (including crude oil or any fraction
thereof) or petroleum distillates, asbestos or asbestos containing materials and urea formaldehyde foam, and (b) any other wastes,
materials, chemicals or substances regulated pursuant to any Environmental Law.

“Intellectual Property” means (a) patents and patent applications, (b) trade names, logos, slogans, Internet domain names,
registered and unregistered trademarks and service marks and related registrations and applications therefor, (c) copyrights in both
published and unpublished works, and (d) rights under applicable US state trade secret laws as are applicable to know-how and
confidential information.

“Judgment” means any judgment, order, decree, award, ruling, decision, verdict, subpoena, injunction or settlement entered,
issued, made or rendered by any Governmental Entity or other Person (in each case whether temporary, preliminary or permanent).

“Knowledge” when used with respect to (a) the Company, means the actual knowledge (after due inquiry) as of the date hereof of
any fact, circumstance or condition of those officers of the Company set forth on Exhibit B, and (b) Parent, means the actual
knowledge (after due inquiry) as of the date hereof of any fact, circumstance or condition of those officers of Parent and Merger Sub
set forth on Exhibit C.

“Law” means any federal, state, local, foreign, international or multinational treaty, constitution, statute or other law (including
common law), ordinance, rule, or regulation, including the rules and regulations of any national securities exchange on which the
Company Common Stock is listed for trading.

“Lien” means any mortgage, lien, security interest, pledge, reservation, equitable interest, charge, easement, lease, sublease,
conditional sale or other title retention agreement, right of first refusal, hypothecation, covenant, servitude, right of way, variance,
option, warrant, claim, community property interest, restriction (including any restriction on use, voting, transfer, alienation, receipt of
income or exercise of any other attribute of ownership) or encumbrance of any kind.

“NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange, Inc.

“Offsite Facility” means any real property which is not presently owned, leased or occupied by the Company or any Company
Subsidiary.

“Parent ERISA Affiliate” means each Parent Subsidiary and any other person or entity under common control with Parent or any
Parent Subsidiaries within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code and the regulations issued thereunder and/or
Section 4001(b)(i) of ERISA.
 

A-56



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 231/265

Table of Contents

“Parent Intellectual Property” means all material Intellectual Property (a) owned by Parent or any Parent Subsidiaries, and
(b) used by Parent or any Parent Subsidiaries in the business Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries as of the date hereof.

“Parent Offsite Facility” means any real property which is not presently owned, leased or occupied by Parent or any Parent
Subsidiary.

“Parent Trade Secrets” means all rights under applicable US state trade secret laws as are applicable to know-how and
confidential information that are material to the business of Parent or the Parent Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

“Ordinary Course of Business” means, with respect to an action taken by any Person, an action that is consistent with the past
practices of such Person or that is otherwise taken in the ordinary course of the normal day-to-day operations of the business of such
Person.

“Parent Material Adverse Effect” means any effect, or any change, event, development, state of facts or occurrence, individually
or in the aggregate, materially adverse on or to the (a) business, assets, liabilities, financial condition or results of operations of Parent
and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (b) ability of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other
Transactions prior to the Outside Date; provided, however, that none of the following shall be taken into account in determining
whether a “Parent Material Adverse Effect” has occurred or would be reasonably likely to occur: (i) changes in financial, securities or
currency markets, changes in prevailing interest rates or exchange rates, changes in general economic or political conditions, changes
in the industry in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary operates, changes in commodity prices, or effects of weather, natural
disaster or acts of God, (ii) any attack, outbreak, hostility, terrorist activity, act or declaration of war or act of public enemies or other
calamity, crisis or geopolitical event, (iii) changes in Law or in any interpretation of any Law, or changes in regulatory conditions in the
jurisdictions in which the Company or any Company Subsidiary operates (including, for avoidance of doubt, if California Assembly
Bill No. 199 is enacted into Law), (iv) changes in GAAP or any authoritative interpretation thereof, (v) any failure of Parent to meet its
internal or published earnings, revenue, cash flows or EBITDA forecasts, projections, guidance, or estimates or any budgets or
financial or operating plans, or any change or prospective change to the Company’s credit ratings (but not the underlying causes of any
such failure or change to the extent not otherwise falling within any of the exceptions set forth in clauses (i) through (x) of this
definition), (vi) the negotiation, announcement, execution, delivery, consummation or pendency of this Agreement or of the
Transactions (including any effect thereof on the relationships of Parent or any Parent Subsidiary with their customers, suppliers,
employees or competitors; provided, that Parent complies in all material respects with its covenants and agreements in the first
sentence in the prefatory paragraph of Section 5.03 (Conduct of Business by Parent)), (vii) any litigation arising from any alleged
breach of fiduciary duty or other violation of Law relating to this Agreement or the Transactions, (viii) any action taken or omission to
act by Parent, its controlled Affiliates or any other Person that is expressly contemplated or required by this Agreement or the Exhibits
or Schedules hereto, (ix) actions taken or not taken at the request or with the consent of the Company, or (x) any breach, violation or
non-performance by the Company or any of its controlled Affiliates of any of their obligations under this Agreement; provided,
however, that any effects resulting from the matters referred to in clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above shall not be disregarded and shall be
taken into account for purposes of determining whether a Parent Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would be reasonably likely to
occur, to the extent of any disproportionate impact thereof on Parent and the Parent Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to
other companies operating in Parent’s industry and in the same geographic region. Changes in the trading prices or trading volume of
Parent Common Stock, in and of themselves, shall not constitute or contribute to a “Parent Material Adverse Effect,” but the
underlying causes thereof may constitute or contribute to a Parent Material Adverse Effect to the extent not otherwise excluded from
this definition.

“Parent Options” means any options to purchase shares of Parent Common Stock granted under the Parent Stock Plan.
 

A-57



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 232/265

Table of Contents

“Parent Restricted Stock” means any shares of Parent Common Stock, subject to forfeiture restrictions or other restrictions,
granted pursuant to the Parent Stock Plan.

“Parent Restricted Stock Unit” means a right to receive one share of Parent Common Stock or, in lieu thereof, the fair market
value of such share of Parent Common Stock in cash, which may be subject to forfeiture restrictions or other restrictions, granted
pursuant to the Parent Stock Plan.

“Parent Stock Plan” means the Century Communities, Inc. First Amended & Restated 2013 Long-Term Incentive Plan, filed as
Exhibit 10.1 to Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1 of Parent (File No. 333-195678) filed with the SEC on
May 30, 2014.

“Parent Stock Value” means the average closing sale price of a share of Parent Common Stock as reported on the NYSE for the
five consecutive trading days ending on and including the second complete trading day immediately preceding the Closing Date.

“Permitted Lien” means (a) such Liens as are set forth in Company Schedule 3.08 or Company Schedule 3.09(a), (b) mechanics’,
carriers’, workmen’s, repairmen’s or other like Liens arising or incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business, Liens arising under
original purchase price conditional sales contracts and equipment leases with third parties entered into in the Ordinary Course of
Business and Liens for Taxes that are not due and payable or which are being contested in good faith through (if then appropriate)
appropriate proceedings and in respect of which adequate reserves have been set aside in accordance with GAAP or that may hereafter
be paid without penalty, (c) Liens that secure obligations reflected on the most recent balance sheet included in the Company Financial
Statements or Liens the existence of which is referred to in the notes to the most recent balance sheet included in the Company
Financial Statements and Liens incurred in the Ordinary Course of Business since the date of the most recent such Company Financial
Statements, (d) easements, covenants, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions of record, (e) any conditions that may be shown by a
current, accurate survey or physical inspection of any Company Property made before the Closing, (f) (i) zoning, building and other
similar restrictions, (ii) Liens that have been placed by any developer, landlord or other third party on property over which the
Company or any Company Subsidiary has easement rights or on any Leased Property and subordination or similar agreements relating
thereto, and (iii) unrecorded easements, covenants, rights-of-way and other similar restrictions, (g) non-exclusive licenses of
Intellectual Property entered into in the Ordinary Course of Business, and (h) imperfections of title or encumbrances that, individually
or in the aggregate, do not impair materially the use of the assets to which they relate in the conduct of the business of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries as presently conducted.

“Person” means any individual, firm, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, Governmental Entity
or other entity.

“PICO Membership Interests” means the Series A Units held by PICO as designated in the UCP LLC Agreement.

“Proceeding” means any suit, arbitration, action, investigation, inquiry or proceeding commenced, brought, conducted or heard by
or before, or otherwise involving, any Governmental Entity.

“Proxy Statement” means the Proxy statement of the Company filed with the SEC and mailed to the holders of Company
Common Stock relating to the adoption, by the Company’s stockholders at the Company Stockholders Meeting, of this Agreement.

“Related Person” means, with respect to any Person, (a) the former, current and future stockholders, Representatives, Affiliates
and assignees of such Person; and (b) any former, current or future stockholder, Representative, Affiliate or assignee of any Person
described in clause (a).
 

A-58



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 233/265

Table of Contents

“Release” means any spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge, dispersal, leaching, dumping,
pouring or emanation of any Hazardous Material in, into, onto or through the environment (including ambient air, surface water,
ground water, soils, land surface or subsurface strata).

“Representative” means, with respect to any Person, any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person, or any officer, director,
employee, controlled Affiliate, investment banker, attorney, accountant or other agent, consultant, advisor or representative of such
Person or any direct or indirect Subsidiary of such Person.

“S-4 Registration Statement” means Parent’s Registration Statement on Form S-4, including any amendments and/or supplements
thereto, filed by Parent with the SEC to register under the Securities Act the offering, sale, and issuance, to the holders of Company
Common Stock in the Merger, of shares of Parent Common Stock.

“Sarbanes-Oxley Act” means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

“SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended.

“Standstill Agreements” means, together, (a) the letter agreement, dated March 17, 2015, as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to
March 2015 Standstill Agreement, dated March 14, 2017, each by and among the Company, UCP LLC, and Parent, and (b) the letter
agreement, dated October 16, 2015, as amended by the Amendment No. 1 to October 2015 Standstill Agreement, dated March 14,
2017, each by and among Parent, the Company, and PICO.

A “Subsidiary” of any Person means another Person, an amount of the voting securities, other voting ownership or voting
partnership interests of which is sufficient to elect at least a majority of its Board of Directors or other governing body (or, if there are
no such voting interests, a majority of the Equity Interests of which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first Person; provided,
however, that for the avoidance of doubt, UCP, LLC shall be deemed to be a Subsidiary of the Company.

“Superior Company Proposal” means a bona fide, written Company Takeover Proposal (except that references in the definition of
“Company Takeover Proposal” to “20% or more” shall be replaced by “80%” for purposes of this definition) made by any Person(s) or
“group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) that the Company Board determines in good faith, After
Consultation, and after (i) taking into account all legal, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal (including any break-up and
expense reimbursement fees, conditions to consummation, and whether the transactions contemplated by the proposal are reasonably
capable of being consummated on a timely basis in accordance with their terms) and (ii) giving effect to any binding proposal made by
Parent and considered and negotiated in good faith by the Company as required by Section 5.02(e)(C)(x) (Change in Recommendation
Permitted in Certain Circumstances), is more favorable to the holders of Company Common Stock, from a financial point of view, than
the Merger and the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and for which , in the case of any cash consideration, all
requisite cash funds are or will be immediately available or will be committed by identified financing sources at the time of signing a
definitive transaction agreement.

“Tax” or “Taxes” means, however denominated, any and all taxes, assessments, customs, duties, levies, fees, tariffs, imposts,
deficiencies and other governmental charges of any kind whatsoever (including, but not limited to, taxes on or with respect to net or
gross income, franchise, profits, gross receipts, capital, sales, use, ad valorem, value added, transfer, real property transfer, transfer
gains, transfer taxes, inventory, escheats, unclaimed property, capital stock, license, payroll, employment, social security,
unemployment, severance, occupation, real or personal property, estimated taxes, rent, excise, occupancy, recordation, bulk transfer,
intangibles, alternative minimum, doing business, withholding and stamp and taxes arising under Treasury
 

A-59



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 234/265

Table of Contents

Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any comparable state or local Law) as a transferee or successor, by contract, or otherwise), together
with any interest thereon, penalties, fines, damages costs, fees, additions to tax or additional amounts with respect thereto, imposed by
any federal, state or local taxing authority of any jurisdiction.

“Tax Return” means all federal, state, local, provincial and foreign Tax returns, declarations, statements, reports, schedules, forms
and information returns and any amended Tax return relating to Taxes, including any attachment thereto.

“UCP LLC Agreement” means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of UCP
LLC, dated as of July 23, 2013.

“willful breach” means a material breach of this Agreement that is the consequence of an act or omission by a party with the
actual knowledge or intention that the taking of such act or failure to take such action would, or would reasonably be expected to, cause
a material breach of this Agreement.

Section 9.04    Interpretation. When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, or Exhibit, such reference shall
be to an Article or Section of, or an Exhibit to, this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings
contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this
Agreement. Whenever the words “include,” “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words “without limiting the generality of the foregoing.” The words “hereof,” “hereto,” “hereby,” “herein” and “hereunder” and
words of similar import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of
this Agreement. When used in this Agreement, the term “or” shall be construed in the inclusive sense of “and/or.” The word “extent” in
the phrase “to the extent” means the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and such phrase will not simply mean “if.”
References to a Person are also to its permitted successors and assigns. All terms defined in this Agreement will have the defined
meanings when used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined therein. The
definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms and to the masculine as
well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to “dollars” and “$” will
be deemed references to the lawful money of the United States of America. Any agreement, instrument or statute defined or referred to
herein or in any agreement or instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as, from time to time,
amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or consent and (in the case of
statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein.
References to statutes will include all regulations promulgated thereunder and references to statutes or regulations will be construed as
including all statutory and regulatory provisions consolidating, amending or replacing the statute or regulation, including by succession
of comparable successor statutes. Any disclosure set forth in any Company Schedule or Parent Schedule shall be deemed set forth for
purposes of any other Company Schedule or Parent Schedule, as the case may be, to which such disclosure is relevant, to the extent
that it is reasonably apparent that such disclosure is relevant to such other Schedule. All representations and warranties set forth in this
Agreement are contractual in nature only and subject to the sole and exclusive remedies set forth herein. Any document, list or other
item shall be deemed to have been “made available” to Parent or the Company, as applicable, for all purposes of this Agreement if such
document, list or other item was posted in the electronic data room established by the Company or Parent, as applicable, in connection
with the Transactions, or was set forth in a Filed Company SEC Document or Filed Parent SEC Document, as applicable, or a physical
or electronic copy thereof was delivered or otherwise made available to the Company or Parent, as applicable, or their respective
Representatives. Whenever a consent or approval of the Company or Parent is required under this Agreement, such consent or approval
may be executed and delivered only by an executive officer of such party duly authorized to so act by resolution of the board of
directors of such party.

Section 9.05    Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by
any rule or Law, or public policy, all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement
 

A-60



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 235/265

Table of Contents

shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the Transactions is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of
being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties
as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that Transactions are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 9.06    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one
and the same agreement and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and
delivered to the other parties.

Section 9.07    Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries; Etc. This Agreement, the Exhibits and Schedules hereto, the
Confidentiality Agreement and the Standstill Agreements, constitute the entire agreement, and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, among the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including the Merger and
the other Transactions. Except for Section 6.05 (Indemnification), as to which the rights to indemnification and other covenants
expressed therein shall inure to the benefit of the persons to or in favor of whom such rights and covenants are granted or made, as
applicable (such persons, the “Indemnified Parties”) and shall be enforceable by such Indemnified Parties, nothing contained in this
Agreement or the Exhibits and Schedules hereto is intended to confer upon any Person, other than Parent, Merger Sub, and the
Company, any rights or remedies. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, following the Effective Time, the provisions of
Sections 2.01 (Effect on Capital Stock) and 2.02 (Exchange of Certificates) shall be enforceable by holders of Certificates, and the
provisions of Section 2.03 (Treatment of Company Options, Company Restricted Stock Units and Equity Plans) shall be enforceable by
holders of Company Options and Company Restricted Stock Units. The parties hereto have voluntarily agreed to define their rights,
liabilities and obligations respecting the acquisition of the Company exclusively in contract pursuant to the express terms and
provisions of this Agreement; and the parties hereto expressly disclaim that they are owed any duties or are entitled to any remedies not
expressly set forth in this Agreement. Furthermore, the parties each hereby acknowledge that this Agreement embodies the justifiable
expectations of sophisticated parties derived from arm’s-length negotiations. All parties to this Agreement specifically acknowledge
that no party has any special relationship with another party that would justify any expectation beyond that of an ordinary strategic
business combination partner in an arm’s-length transaction. The sole and exclusive remedies for any breach of the terms and
provisions of this Agreement (including any representations and warranties set forth herein, made in connection herewith or as an
inducement to enter into this Agreement) or any claim or cause of action otherwise arising out of or related to the acquisition of the
Company or the other Transactions or this Agreement shall be those remedies available at law or in equity for breach of contract only
(as such contractual remedies have been further expanded, limited or excluded pursuant to the express terms of this Agreement). The
parties hereby agree that no party hereto shall have any remedy or cause of action (whether in contract or in tort) for any statements,
communications, disclosures, failures to disclose, representations or warranties not expressly set forth in this Agreement.

Section 9.08    Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT, AND ALL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) THAT MAY BE BASED UPON, ARISE OUT OF OR RELATE TO THIS AGREEMENT,
OR THE NEGOTIATION, EXECUTION OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE
OF ACTION BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY MADE IN OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT OR AS AN INDUCEMENT OR CONDITION TO ENTER INTO THIS
AGREEMENT), SHALL BE GOVERNED BY THE INTERNAL SUBSTANTIVE AND PROCEDURAL LAWS OF THE STATE
OF DELAWARE APPLICABLE TO AGREEMENTS MADE AND TO BE PERFORMED ENTIRELY WITHIN SUCH STATE,
WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAWS PRINCIPLES OF SUCH STATE.

Section 9.09    Assignment. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement shall be
assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of law or otherwise by any of the parties without
 

A-61



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 236/265

Table of Contents

the prior written consent of the other parties, except that Merger Sub may assign, in its sole discretion, any of or all its rights, interests
and obligations under this Agreement to Parent or to any direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment
shall relieve Merger Sub of any of its obligations under this Agreement. Any purported assignment without such consent shall be void.
Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and
their respective successors and assigns.

Section 9.10    Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, but except as set forth in
Section 6.06(d) (Fee to Parent upon Termination; Exclusive Remedy), the parties agree that irreparable damage may occur in the event
that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached,
and that monetary damages, even if available, may not be an adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that, except as set forth
in Section 6.06(d), the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court specified in Section 9.11 (Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury; Etc.),
without any proof of actual damages (and each of Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company hereby waives any requirement for the
securing or posting of any bond or surety in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which Parent,
Merger Sub, or the Company may be entitled under the Agreement, at law or in equity.

Section 9.11    Venue; Waiver of Trial by Jury; Etc.

(a)    Each of the parties (i) irrevocably submits itself to the personal jurisdiction of all state and federal courts sitting in the State
of Delaware, including to the jurisdiction of all courts to which an appeal may be taken from such courts, in any Proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement, any of the Transactions or any facts and circumstances leading to its execution or performance,
(ii) agrees that all claims in respect of any such Proceeding must be brought, heard and determined exclusively in the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware (provided that, in the event subject matter jurisdiction is declined by or unavailable in the Court of
Chancery, then such Proceeding will be heard and determined exclusively in any other state or federal court sitting in the State of
Delaware), (iii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from
such courts, (iv) agrees not to bring any Proceeding against any other party arising out of or relating to this Agreement, any of the
Transactions or any facts and circumstances leading to its execution or performance in any other court and (v) waives any defense of
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any Proceeding so brought. The parties agree that a final judgment in any such Proceeding
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable
Law. Each of the parties agrees to waive any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect to any
such Proceeding, including any appeal thereof.

(b)    Each of the parties agrees that service of any process, summons, notice or document in accordance with Section 9.02
(Notices) or in any other manner permitted by applicable Law will be effective service of process for any Proceeding brought against it
by the other party in connection with Section 9.11(a) (Personal Jurisdiction; Venue); provided, however, that nothing contained herein
will affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by applicable Law. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, the consents to jurisdiction set forth in this Section 9.11 will not constitute general consents to service of process in the State
of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this Section 9.11 and will not be deemed to confer rights on
any Person other than the parties.

(c)    EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT
MAY ARISE UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE
COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND THEREFORE IT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY
WAIVES ALL RIGHTS IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION (WHETHER BASED ON
CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
 

A-62



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 237/265

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS OR THE FACTS OR CIRCUMSTANCES LEADING TO ITS EXECUTION OR
PERFORMANCE. EACH PARTY CERTIFIES AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO PARTY OR REPRESENTATIVE OR
AFFILIATE THEREOF HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN
THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER, (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS
CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF SUCH WAIVER, (iii) IT MAKES SUCH WAIVER KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY
AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL
WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS CONTAINED IN THIS PARAGRAPH.

[Signature Page Follows]
 

A-63



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 238/265

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have duly executed this Agreement, all as of the date first
written above.
 

PARENT:

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC.

By:  /s/ Dale Francescon
Name: Dale Francescon
Title:

 
Chairman of the Board and
Co-Chief Executive Officer

MERGER SUB:

CASA ACQUISITION CORP.

By:  /s/ Dale Francescon
Name: Dale Francescon
Title:  President

COMPANY:

UCP, INC.

By:  /s/ Dustin L. Bogue
Name: Dustin L. Bogue
Title:  President and Chief Executive Officer

 
 

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
 

A-64



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 239/265

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT A

FORM OF

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION

OF

SURVIVING CORPORATION
 

 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
OF

CASA ACQUISITION CORP.

I, the undersigned, for the purposes of incorporating and organizing a corporation under the General Corporation Law of the State
of Delaware, do execute this certificate of incorporation and do hereby certify as follows:

FIRST. The name of the corporation is Casa Acquisition Corp.

SECOND. The address of the corporation’s registered office in the State of Delaware is c/o National Corporate Research, Ltd.,
850 New Burton Road, Suite 201, in the city of Dover, County of Kent, 19904. The name of the registered agent at such address upon
whom process against the corporation may be served is National Corporate Research, Ltd.

THIRD. The purpose of the corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

FOURTH. The total number of shares of stock which the corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000. All such shares are to
be Common Stock, par value of $0.01 per share, and are to be of one class.

FIFTH. The incorporator of the corporation is Barbara J. Cowell c/o Greenberg Traurig, LLP, whose mailing address is 1840
Century Park East, Suite 1900, Los Angeles, California 90067.

SIXTH. Unless and except to the extent that the bylaws of the corporation shall so require, the election of directors of the
corporation need not be by written ballot.

SEVENTH. In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Board of
Directors of the corporation is expressly authorized to make, alter and repeal the bylaws of the corporation, subject to the power of the
stockholders of the corporation to alter or repeal any bylaw whether adopted by them or otherwise.

EIGHTH. A director of the corporation shall not be liable to the corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware as the same exists or may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, modification or
repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the corporation hereunder in respect of
any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal.
 

A-A-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 240/265

Table of Contents

NINTH. The corporation reserves the right at any time, and from time to time, to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision
contained in this certificate of incorporation, and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force
may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law; and all rights, preferences and privileges of whatsoever
nature conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons whomsoever by and pursuant to this certificate of incorporation in
its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the rights reserved in this Article Ninth.

TENTH. The powers of the incorporator are to terminate upon the filing of this certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware. The name and mailing address of the persons who are to serve as the initial directors of the corporation
until the first annual meeting of stockholders of the corporation and until such directors’ successors are duly elected and qualified or
until such directors’ earlier deaths, resignations or removals, are:

Dale Francescon
c/o Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650
Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111

Robert J. Francescon
c/o Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650
Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111

David L. Messenger
c/o Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650
Greenwood Village, Colorado 80111

The undersigned incorporator hereby acknowledges that the foregoing certificate of incorporation is his act and deed on this the
7th day of April, 2017.
 

 
Barbara J. Cowell
Incorporator

 
A-A-2



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 241/265

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT B

Company Knowledge Group
 

 •  Dustin L. Bogue, President and Chief Executive Officer
 

 •  James M. Pirrello, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Chief Accounting Officer
 

 •  W. Allen Bennett, Corporate Vice President/General Counsel
 

A-B-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 242/265

Table of Contents

EXHIBIT C

Parent Knowledge Group
 

 •  Dale Francescon, Chairman of the Board and Co-Chief Executive Officer
 

 •  Robert J. Francescon, Co-Chief Executive Officer and President
 

 •  David L. Messenger, Chief Financial Officer and Secretary
 

A-C-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 243/265

Table of Contents

Annex B

VOTING SUPPORT AND TRANSFER RESTRICTION AGREEMENT

VOTING SUPPORT AND TRANSFER RESTRICTION AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated April 10, 2017, by and
among Century Communities, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), Casa Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and wholly-
owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), PICO Holdings, Inc., a California corporation (“PICO”), for the purpose of Sections 1(g)
and 6(m) hereof only, UCP, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), and for the purpose of Section 1(g) hereof only, UCP, LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company.

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company, are entering into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger of even date herewith (the “Merger Agreement”), providing for the Merger and the other Transactions
upon the terms and subject to the conditions prescribed in the Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, all capitalized terms used but not defined in this Agreement have the respective meanings ascribed thereto in the
Merger Agreement;

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, PICO is the beneficial owner and holder of record of 100 shares of Class B Stock, representing
approximately 57% of the aggregate voting power attributable to all outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock (such shares,
together with all other shares of Company Capital Stock acquired by PICO and its Affiliates from and after the date hereof, being
collectively referred to herein as the “PICO Shares”); and

WHEREAS, as a material inducement and condition to their willingness to enter into the Merger Agreement, Parent and Merger
Sub have requested that PICO enter into this Agreement and, in order to satisfy such condition and induce Parent and Merger Sub to
enter into the Merger Agreement, PICO desires and has agreed to enter into this Agreement.

WHEREAS, the Company Board, After Consultation, having determined and resolved in good faith that the Merger Agreement is
advisable, fair to and in the best interest of the Company and its stockholders and having approved the Merger Agreement, has
approved this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby for all purposes of Article XII of the Company Charter and has
taken all other action necessary to render inapplicable to Parent, Merger Sub, PICO, and this Agreement (and the transactions
contemplated hereby), any Anti-Takeover Law.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the
parties hereto, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.    Agreements of PICO.

(a)    Voting. From the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, at each and every
meeting of the Company’s stockholders, however called and convened (including each meeting convened or reconvened pursuant to
any previous adjournment, recess or postponement thereof), and in connection with any action taken and effected by the written
consent of the Company’s stockholders (in lieu of any such meeting of the Company’s stockholders in accordance with the Section 228
of the DGCL and/or the Company Charter), PICO hereby agrees (i) to appear and be present at all meetings of the Company’s
stockholders and otherwise cause all of the PICO Shares to be counted for purposes of determining a quorum, and (ii) to (A)
affirmatively vote and cause to be voted all PICO Shares in favor of (“for”), or, if action is to be taken by written consent in lieu of a
meeting of the Company’s stockholders, deliver to the Company a duly executed affirmative written consent in favor of (“for”), the
adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Company’s stockholders and approval of the Merger and the other Transactions, and (B) vote
and cause to be
 

B-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 244/265

Table of Contents

voted all PICO Shares against, and not provide any written consent with respect to or for, the adoption or approval of (1) any Company
Takeover Proposal (and the transactions contemplated thereby), (2) any action or agreement (including, without limitation, any
amendment of any agreement to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or to which any assets or properties of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is subject or bound) that PICO knows, or would reasonably be expected to know, would result in
(x) a breach or violation of, or non-compliance with, any representation, warranty, covenant, agreement or other obligation of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company set forth in the Merger Agreement, or (y) the failure of any of the
conditions to the obligations of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other Transactions set forth in Sections 7.01
and 7.02 of the Merger Agreement, (3) any change in the size, term in office, or composition of the Board of Directors of the Company,
and (4) any agreement (including, without limitation, any amendment, waiver, release from, or non-enforcement of any agreement),
any amendment or restatement of the Company Charter or the Company By-laws, or any other action (or failure to act) that is intended
or would reasonably be expected to prevent, interfere with, or materially impair or delay, the consummation of the Merger or any of the
other Transactions in accordance with their terms. PICO shall not enter into or propose to enter into any agreement, plan, commitment
or understanding with any Person the effect of which would be inconsistent with or violate the provisions and agreements contained in
this Section 1(a).

(b)    Grant of Irrevocable Proxy in the Case of PICO Default. As security for and in furtherance of the agreements
contained in Section 1(a) hereof, and subject to each of the third sentence and the last sentence of this Section 1(b), PICO hereby
irrevocably grants to, constitutes and appoints Parent and each of the executive officers of Parent, in their respective capacities as
executive officers of Parent, as the case may be, and any individual who hereafter shall succeed to any such executive office of Parent,
and each of them individually, as PICO’s proxy and attorney-in-fact (with full power of substitution), for and in the name, place and
stead of PICO, to vote all the PICO Shares that are owned beneficially and/or held of record by PICO and its Affiliates on the date
hereof and, from time to time, with full and unconditional authority to grant or withhold a consent or approval in respect of such PICO
Shares and to execute and deliver a proxy (or proxies) to vote such PICO Shares (this “Proxy”) at each meeting of the holders of
Company Capital Stock convened in respect of the matters set forth in Section 1(a) hereof. This Proxy shall be deemed to be a proxy
coupled with an interest, is (subject to the last sentence of this Section 1(b)) irrevocable, and shall not be terminated by operation of
Law or upon the occurrence of any other event. This Proxy shall become immediately exercisable by Parent, and the proxies and
attorneys-in-fact named and appointed herein, if (and only if) and to the extent that PICO shall have failed, in any respect, after 24
hours prior written notice from Parent to PICO, to comply with any of its voting and other obligations set forth in Section 1(a) hereof
(with Parent’s good faith determination of any such failure by PICO to so comply being conclusive, final and binding). PICO
represents and warrants to Parent that any and all proxies heretofore given in respect of the PICO Shares are not irrevocable and that all
such proxies (if any) have been properly revoked or are no longer in effect as of the date hereof. PICO hereby affirms that this Proxy is
hereby given by PICO in connection with, and in consideration of and as a material inducement to, Parent entering into this Agreement
and the Merger Agreement and that this Proxy is hereby given to secure the obligations of PICO under Section 1(a) hereof. Parent
covenants and agrees with PICO that Parent will exercise the Proxy, if applicable, solely with respect to the matters set forth in Section
1(a) hereof. During the term of this Agreement, PICO shall not take any action that would render invalid the exercise of the Proxy in
accordance with its terms by Parent and the proxies and attorneys-in-fact named herein. Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, this
Proxy shall terminate automatically, without any action required by PICO, Parent or otherwise, simultaneously upon the termination of
this Agreement in accordance with Section 5 hereof.

(c)    Other Voting Matters. PICO shall retain at all times the right to vote all PICO Shares in its sole discretion and without
any other limitation on such matters, other than those matters set forth in Section 1(a) hereof that are at any time, or from time to time,
presented for consideration to the Company’s stockholders generally.

(d)    Appraisal Rights. PICO hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, and agrees not to exercise or assert, in respect
of any shares of Company Capital Stock it beneficially owns and/or holds of record,
 

B-2



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 245/265

Table of Contents

any appraisal, dissenter’s or similar rights under Section 262 or other applicable Law in connection with the Merger and the other
Transactions.

(e)    Restriction on Transfer; Proxies; Non-Interference; etc. Except as expressly contemplated by this Agreement or the
Merger Agreement, from the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, PICO shall not, directly
or indirectly, whether in a single transaction or series of transactions, (i) sell, transfer (including by operation of Law), gift, pledge,
hypothecate, encumber, assign or otherwise dispose of (including, without limitation, any Constructive Disposition (as hereinafter
defined)), or enter into any contract, agreement, plan, commitment, arrangement, or understanding with respect to the sale, transfer,
gift, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, assignment or other disposition (including, without limitation, any Constructive Disposition)
of, any PICO Shares (or any right, title or interest thereto or therein) (each of the foregoing transactions referred to in this clause (i) of
this Section 1(e) being hereafter referred to as, a “Transfer”), (ii) deposit any PICO Shares into a voting trust or grant any proxies or
enter into a voting agreement, power of attorney or voting trust with respect to any PICO Shares, (iii) take any action that would make
any representation or warranty of PICO set forth in this Agreement untrue or incorrect or have the effect of preventing, disabling or
delaying PICO from performing any of its obligations under this Agreement, or (iv) agree (whether or not in writing) to take any of the
actions referred to in the foregoing clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 1(e).

As used herein, the term “Constructive Disposition” means, with respect to any PICO Shares, a short sale with respect to such security,
entering into or acquiring a derivative contract with respect to such security, entering into or acquiring a futures or forward contract to
deliver such security or entering into any other hedging or other derivative, swap, “put-call,” margin, securities lending or other
transaction that has or reasonably would be expected to have the effect of changing, limiting, arbitraging or reallocating the economic
benefits and risks of ownership.

(f)    Exchange of PICO Membership Interests. Prior to the Effective Time, PICO shall affirmatively exercise its right to
exchange and shall exchange the PICO Membership Interests for shares of Company Common Stock upon the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Exchange Agreement (the “Exchange”), whereby the Exchange shall have become effective and irrevocable subject to
and contingent upon the occurrence of the Effective Time, and, from and after consummation of the Exchange (and the transactions
contemplated thereby), all issued and outstanding membership interests and other voting and economic interests in and to UCP, LLC
shall be wholly owned by the Company.

(g)    Termination of Related Party Agreements. Each of PICO, the Company, and UCP, LLC, as applicable, hereby
irrevocably terminate, effective as of the Effective Time, the following agreements (without any payments or other obligations due or
owing from, or any cost or expense to, the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation), in each case subject to and
contingent upon the occurrence of the Effective Time: (i) the Exchange Agreement, (ii) the Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of
July 23, 2013, by and among the Company, UCP, LLC, and PICO, (iii) the Transition Services Agreement, dated as of July 23, 2013,
by and between PICO and the Company, and (iv) the Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 23, 2013, by and between the
Company and PICO.

(h)    No Solicitation; Obligations to Inform Parent. Solely in its capacity as a beneficial owner and holder of record of
Company Common Stock and subject in all events to Section 6(b), from the date hereof until the termination of this Agreement in
accordance with its terms, PICO (i) shall terminate all soliciting activities, discussions and negotiations with any Person (other than the
Company, Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Representatives) regarding any proposal, expression of interest, request for
information, or other communication that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a Company Takeover Proposal;
(ii) shall not, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates and each of its and its controlled Affiliates’ Representatives not to, directly or
indirectly, (A) propose, make, submit or announce a Company Takeover Proposal, (B) solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage or
facilitate (including by means of furnishing any information or responding to any
 

B-3



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 246/265

Table of Contents

communication), any inquiries or the making, announcement or submission of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or could
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal, (C) enter into any agreement (whether binding, non-binding,
conditional or otherwise) with respect to a Company Takeover Proposal (other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement), (D)
knowingly cooperate with, assist, or participate in any effort by, any Person (or any Representative of a Person) that has made, is
seeking to make, has informed the Company or PICO of any intention to make, or has publicly announced an intention to make, any
proposal that constitutes, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal, or (E) otherwise knowingly
facilitate a Company Takeover Proposal; (iii) shall promptly (and in any case within one Business Day) notify Parent or its
Representatives in writing of its receipt of any Company Takeover Proposal or any inquiry constituting, with respect to, or that could
reasonably be expected to lead to, any Company Takeover Proposal or inquiry, and the material terms of any such Company Takeover
Proposal or inquiry, and (iv) shall keep Parent informed on a prompt and current basis of the status of any such Company Takeover
Proposal or inquiry received by PICO (including the content and status of all material discussions and communications in respect
thereof and any change or proposed change to the terms thereof); provided, however, that none of the foregoing restrictions shall
prohibit PICO from taking any action that is concurrently taken by the Company and the Company Board pursuant to Section 5.02(c)
of the Merger Agreement under the circumstances in which the Company is permitted to take such actions pursuant to Section 5.02(c)
of the Merger Agreement.

(i)    Publication. PICO consents to the publication and disclosure in the Proxy Statement and S-4 Registration Statement of
PICO’s identity and ownership of PICO Shares and the nature of PICO’s commitments, arrangements and understandings under this
Agreement. Parent agrees to provide PICO reasonable advance opportunity to review and comment on such disclosure in the S-4
Registration Statement and will reasonably consider any such comments provided by PICO. PICO shall not issue any press release or
make any other public statement with respect to this Agreement, the Merger Agreement or the Transactions without the prior written
consent of Parent, except for filings required under the Exchange Act or as may be required by applicable Law.

(j)    Restrictions on Transfer of Parent Common Stock Received in the Merger. For the 60-day period immediately
following the Effective Time, none of PICO or its Affiliates shall, without Parent’s prior written consent (which may be withheld by
Parent in its sole discretion), Transfer (including any Constructive Disposition) any shares of Parent Common Stock that PICO receives
in the Merger (or any right, title or interest therein or thereto), and after such initial 60-day period until the 210th day following the
Effective Time, PICO shall not, in any of the next three 50-day periods, agree to or consummate any Transfer (including any
Constructive Disposition) in respect of its and/or its Affiliates shares of Parent Common Stock if such Transfer relates to more than 5%
of the aggregate then-outstanding shares of Parent Common Stock during any such 50-day period. From and after the 210th day
following the Effective Time, PICO and its Affiliates will not be restricted in respect of any Transfer of Parent Common Stock held by
it.

(k)    Restriction on Beneficial Ownership of Parent Common Stock; Voting of Parent Common Stock on Certain Matters.
PICO confirms and acknowledges that it is a party to the standstill letter agreement, dated October 16, 2015, as amended by the
Amendment No. 1 to October 2015 Standstill Agreement, dated March 14, 2017, each among Parent, the Company and PICO (as
amended, the “Standstill Agreement”), and agrees to continue to observe and comply with all the terms and provisions of the Standstill
Agreement until the earlier of (i) 18 months following the date hereof, and (ii) such time as PICO no longer beneficially owns or holds
of record any shares of Parent Common Stock (the date of such earlier event, the “Fallaway Date”). PICO and Parent, concurrently
with the execution of this Agreement, have entered into an amendment to the Standstill Agreement to reflect the provisions of this
Section 1(k). Without limiting the generality of the foregoing sentence of this Section 1(k) and without limiting anything contained in
the Standstill Agreement as amended on the date hereof, until the Fallaway Date, PICO shall, and shall cause its controlled Affiliates
to, affirmatively vote and cause to be voted all shares of Parent Common Stock it (or any of its controlled Affiliates), directly or
indirectly, so owns, holds or controls at each and every meeting of Parent’s stockholders, however called or convened
 

B-4



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 247/265

Table of Contents

(including each meeting convened or reconvened pursuant to any previous adjournment, recess or postponement thereof), and to
furnish a written consent in the case of any action taken or effected by written consent of Parent’s stockholders (in lieu of any such
meeting of Parent’s stockholders in accordance with Section 228 of the DGCL or the Parent Charter), in each case in favor of (“for”)
all proposals made, proposed and recommended by the Parent Board (including, without limitation, the election of Parent’s directors
and any other business submitted to Parent’s stockholders for their consideration and vote or written consent); provided, however, that
nothing herein shall require PICO (or any of its controlled Affiliates) to vote in favor of any proposal made, proposed or recommended
by the Parent Board with respect to any merger, business combination, acquisition of material assets, businesses or securities, or other
similar extraordinary corporate transaction involving Parent so long as PICO otherwise complies with and observes in all respects the
provisions of the Standstill Agreement as amended on the date hereof.

(l)    Further Assurances. From time to time, at the request of Parent and without further consideration, prior to the
termination of this Agreement, PICO shall execute and deliver such additional documents and instruments and take all such further
action as may be reasonably required to consummate and make effective, as soon as reasonably practicable, the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

2.    Post-Effective Time Covenants of Parent.

(a)    Reasonable Post-Effective Time Access. Parent agrees for a period of 12 months following the Effective Time, upon
the reasonable request of PICO, from time to time, during such period, to reasonably cooperate, and to cause the Surviving Corporation
to reasonably cooperate, with PICO and its internal accounting personnel and external auditor, at PICO’s sole expense, with respect to
the preparation of PICO’s statements of results of operations, cash flows and financial condition (and any review and attestation thereof
by PICO’s external auditor) for PICO’s fiscal year ending December 31, 2017 and for any of PICO’s quarterly fiscal periods from and
after the Effective Time through December 31, 2017, and further to enable the appropriate executive officers of PICO to certify that
during such periods appropriate internal controls and disclosure controls were maintained by the Company. To facilitate the foregoing,
Parent agrees to provide PICO’s internal accounting personnel and external auditor reasonable access during regular business hours to
relevant financial and other information relating to the Company for the aforementioned periods, and access to accounting personnel of
the Surviving Corporation having knowledge of such financial and other information.

(b)    Reasonable Non-Monetary Cooperation with Share Disposition. For a period of 12 months following the Effective
Time, in the event PICO seeks to Transfer any shares of Parent Common Stock that PICO receives in the Merger (such shares, “PICO’s
Parent Shares”) in a marketed offering, “block trade,” or other transaction not involving the sale of such shares in the ordinary course
on the open market (subject in each case to any applicable restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 1(j) hereof), upon the reasonable
request of PICO, from time to time, during such 12-month period, Parent shall reasonably cooperate, and shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to reasonably cooperate, with PICO by making available to PICO the executive officers of Parent to participate in any
“road show” presentations or similar investor meetings held in connection with any such Transfer or attempted Transfer by PICO;
provided, however, that the provisions of this Section 2(b) are not to intended, and shall not create any obligation on the part of Parent,
the Surviving Corporation, or the Company, to (i) pay, or reimburse PICO, for any fees, costs or other expenses incurred or to be
incurred by PICO in respect of any Transfer or attempted Transfer by PICO of any of PICO’s Parent Shares (including, without
limitation, the fees, costs and expenses of any placement agents, underwriters or brokers engaged by PICO to conduct any marketed
offering, “block trade,” or other transaction not involving an open market Transfer or attempted Transfer by PICO of PICO’s Parent
Shares), or (ii) prepare any confidential or other information or placement memoranda.

(c)    Tax Obligations. Following the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation, in its capacity as the
Managing Member of UCP, LLC, to continue to comply with, or cause UCP, LLC to continue to comply with, UCP, LLC’s obligations
under Sections 5.6(b)(ii), 6.6, 6.7 and 6.8 of the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Operating Agreement of
UCP, LLC dated July 23, 2013 (the “Operating
 

B-5



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 248/265

Table of Contents

Agreement”), with respect to taxable periods ending on or prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that no payment of any
interest shall be made with respect to any Tax Distribution. Such obligations shall include, without limitation, (i) promptly following
the Effective Time, making any Tax Distributions (as defined in the Operating Agreement) to PICO that remain outstanding or are due
for completed 2016 and 2017 quarterly periods ended prior to the Effective Time, (ii) following the filing by UCP, LLC of its annual
federal income tax return for the year ended December 31, 2016, making an additional Tax Distribution to PICO in an amount equal to
PICO’s True-Up Amount (as defined in the Operating Agreement) for such year, if such True-Up Amount is negative, (iii) at least 10
days prior to the due date (without extensions) for PICO of its estimated tax for the partial quarter ending on the date of the Effective
Time, determining and making a Tax Distribution to PICO for such partial quarter, (iv) following the filing by UCP, LLC of its federal
income tax return for the partial year ending on the date of the Effective Time, making an additional Tax Distribution to PICO in an
amount equal to PICO‘s True-Up Amount (as defined in the Operating Agreement) for such partial year, if such True-Up Amount is
negative, (v) delivering to PICO draft Schedule K-1s and the draft federal income tax return of UCP, LLC for the tax year of UCP, LLC
ending on the date of the Effective Time in accordance with the 30-day timelines in Section 6.6(b) of the Operating Agreement, and
(vi) without the prior written consent of PICO, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, taking any of the
following actions in respect of a taxable period of UCP, LLC ending on or prior to the date of the Effective Time: (x) filing a federal
partnership income tax return of UCP, LLC or Schedule K-1s, (y) agreeing to any extension, filing any petition or complaint, filing a
request for administrative adjustment, or entering into a settlement agreement, in each case as more fully described in Section 6.7 of the
Operating Agreement, or (z) making any tax election. If PICO’s True-Up Amount (as defined in the Operating Agreement) is positive
for the year ended December 31, 2016, PICO shall, within 10 days of the filing by UCP, LLC of its annual federal income tax return,
deliver to UCP, LLC, the amount of the positive True-Up Amount. Within 10 days following the filing by UCP, LLC of its federal
income tax return for the partial year ending on the date of the Effective Time, if the True-Up Amount for such partial year is positive,
PICO shall pay to UCP, LLC an amount equal to PICO’s positive True-Up Amount for such partial year. The Parties agree that any
gain realized in connection with the exchange of PICO Membership Interests for shares of Company Common Stock will not be treated
as income of UCP, LLC for purposes of Tax Distributions. The obligations in this Section 2(c) shall survive any liquidation or
dissolution of UCP, LLC.

3.    Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub each hereby jointly and severally
represents and warrants to PICO as follows:

(a)    Organization; Authority. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in
good standing under the Laws of the State of Delaware. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has full power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement, and to perform and comply with each of its obligations under this Agreement. The execution and delivery by
each of Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement, and the performance and compliance by Parent and Merger Sub with its obligations
herein, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and Merger
Sub has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes its legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights generally or by
general equitable principles.

4.    Representations and Warranties of PICO. PICO hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:

(a)    Organization; Authority. PICO is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of
California. PICO has full power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, and to perform and comply with each of its
obligations under this Agreement. The execution and delivery by PICO of this Agreement, and the performance and compliance by
PICO with each of its obligations herein, have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of PICO. PICO has
duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of PICO,
enforceable against PICO in accordance with its terms, except as may be limited by Laws affecting the enforcement of creditors’ rights
generally or by general equitable principles.
 

B-6



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 249/265

Table of Contents

(b)    Consents and Approvals; No Violations. No Consents or Filings with, any Governmental Entity or third party are
necessary for the performance by PICO of its obligations under this Agreement, except for filings required under the Exchange Act
with respect to PICO’s beneficial ownership of PICO Shares. Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by PICO, nor the
performance by PICO with its obligations under this Agreement, will (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the organizational
documents of PICO or (ii) (x) violate any Law, judgment, writ or injunction of any Governmental Entity applicable to PICO or any of
its subsidiaries or any of their respective properties or assets, or (y) violate, conflict with, result in the loss of any material benefit
under, constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the
termination of or a right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the creation of any
Lien upon any of the respective properties or assets of, PICO or any of its Affiliates under, any of the terms, conditions or provisions of
any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust, license, permit, lease, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which PICO or
any of its Affiliates is a party, or by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except, in the
case of clause (ii) of this Section 4(b), for such violations, conflicts, losses, defaults, terminations, cancellations, accelerations or Liens
as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to prevent or materially delay the performance by PICO of any
of its obligations under this Agreement.

(c)    Ownership of Shares. PICO owns, beneficially, and is the record holder of, all of the PICO Shares. PICO owns all of
the PICO Shares free and clear of any proxy, voting restriction, adverse claim or other Lien (other than (i) as set forth in the Related
Party Agreements or (ii) proxies and restrictions in favor of Parent and Merger Sub expressly arising pursuant to this Agreement, and
except for such transfer restrictions of general applicability as may be provided under the Securities Act and/or the “blue sky” Laws of
the various states of the United States). Without limiting the foregoing, except for proxies and restrictions in favor of Parent and
Merger Sub expressly arising pursuant to this Agreement, except as described in a Schedule 13D or Schedule 13G filed with the SEC
prior to the date hereof (which filing is true and complete), and (i) other than as set forth in the Related Party Agreements and
(ii) except for such transfer restrictions of general applicability as may be provided under the Securities Act and/or the “blue sky” Laws
of the various states of the United States, PICO has sole voting power and sole power of disposition with respect to all PICO Shares,
with no restrictions on PICO’s rights of voting or disposition pertaining thereto and no Person other than PICO has any right to direct
or approve the voting or disposition of any PICO Shares. As of the date hereof, except as disclosed in the Company SEC Documents,
PICO does not own, beneficially or of record, any securities of the Company other than the PICO Shares.

(d)    Absence of Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no Proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of PICO,
threatened against or affecting, PICO or any of the PICO Shares that could reasonably be expected to impair the ability of PICO to
perform fully its obligations hereunder or to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

(e)    Opportunity to Review; Reliance. PICO has had the opportunity to review this Agreement and the Merger Agreement
with counsel of its own choosing. PICO understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance
upon PICO’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

(f)    Brokers. No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial
advisor’s or other similar fee or commission that is payable by the Company, Parent or any of their respective subsidiaries in
connection with the Transactions based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of PICO.

5.    Termination. This Agreement shall terminate automatically, without any further action of the parties hereto on the first to
occur of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms (including in accordance with Section 8.01(h) of the
Merger Agreement), and (b) the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, (A) nothing herein shall relieve any party from
liability for its breach of any of the provisions this Agreement, (B) if the Merger is consummated, the provisions of Sections 1(j), 1(k)
and 2
 

B-7



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 250/265

Table of Contents

hereof shall survive and continue in force and effect from and after the Effective Time for the periods set forth in such Sections, and
(C) the provisions of this Section 5 and Section 6 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement. Without limiting the
generality of this Section 5, if a Company Recommendation Change is made by the Company Board in response to an Intervening
Event (to the extent permitted by and in accordance with Section 5.02(e) of the Merger Agreement) and in respect of such Company
Recommendation Change Parent does not exercise its unilateral right to terminate the Merger Agreement in accordance with Section
8.01(d) of the Merger Agreement, PICO’s voting agreement and obligations under Section 1(a)(ii)(a) of this Agreement and the Proxy
granted by Peak pursuant to Section 1(b) of this Agreement shall no longer be in respect of all Shares then owned by Peak, but in lieu
and stead thereof, Peak’s voting agreement and obligations under Section 1(a)(ii)(a) of this Agreement and the Proxy granted by Peak
pursuant to Section 1(b) of this Agreement shall be in respect of that number of Shares owned by Peak as shall equal 28% of the
aggregate voting power attributable to all outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock.

6.    Miscellaneous.

(a)    Additional Shares. Until the termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, PICO shall promptly notify
Parent of the number of additional shares of Company Capital Stock, if any, as to which PICO acquires record or beneficial ownership
after the date hereof. Any such shares as to which PICO acquires record or beneficial ownership after the date hereof and prior to
termination of this Agreement shall be PICO Shares for purposes of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event of any
stock split, reclassification, subdivision, recapitalization, stock dividend or other change in the capital structure of the Company
affecting the Company Capital Stock, the number of shares of Company Capital Stock constituting PICO Shares shall be adjusted
appropriately and this Agreement and the obligations hereunder shall attach to any additional shares of Company Capital Stock or other
voting securities of the Company issued to PICO in connection therewith.

(b)    PICO Acting in its Stockholder Capacity Only. The parties acknowledge and agree that this Agreement is entered into
by PICO solely in its capacity as beneficial owner and record holder of the PICO Shares and that nothing in this Agreement is intended
to or shall, to the extent that PICO has designees or nominees that serve as directors of the Company, in any way affect or limit the
ability of any such director of the Company to act in his or her capacity as a director of the Company.

(c)    Expenses. All costs and expenses incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be
paid by the party incurring such costs and expenses.

(d)    Definition of “Beneficial Ownership”. For purposes of this Agreement, “beneficial ownership” with respect to (or to
“own beneficially”) any securities shall mean having “beneficial ownership” of such securities (as determined pursuant to Rule 13d-3
under the Exchange Act), including pursuant to any agreement, arrangement or understanding, whether or not in writing.

(e)    Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement, and supersedes all
prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of them, with respect to the subject matter
hereof. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not confer upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights hereunder.

(f)    Assignment; Binding Effect. Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be
assigned by any of the parties hereto (whether by operation of Law or otherwise) without the prior written consent of the other parties,
except that (i) Merger Sub may assign its rights and interests hereunder to Parent or to any wholly-owned subsidiary of Parent if such
assignment would not cause a delay in the consummation of any of the Transactions, provided that no such assignment shall relieve
Merger Sub of its obligations hereunder if such assignee does not perform such obligations, and (ii) PICO may assign its rights and
interests hereunder by operation of law to a successor Delaware corporation in connection with PICO’s proposed reincorporation in the
State of Delaware, if such reincorporation is approved by the requisite stockholder vote at
 

B-8



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 251/265

Table of Contents

PICO’s 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure
to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment not permitted under
this Section shall be null and void.

(g)    Amendments; Waiver. This Agreement may not be amended or supplemented, except by a written agreement executed
by the parties hereto. Any party to this Agreement may (i) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any other
party hereto or extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or acts of any other party hereto, or (ii) waive compliance
by the other party with any of the agreements contained herein. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no failure or delay by Parent or Merger
Sub in exercising any right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any
other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a party hereto to any such
extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.

(h)    Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction to be
invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms, provisions and conditions of this
Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the
original intent of the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law and public policy in an acceptable
manner to the end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

(i)    Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an
original but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. This Agreement shall become effective when each
party hereto shall have received counterparts hereof signed by the other parties hereto.

(j)    Descriptive Headings. Headings of Sections and subsections of this Agreement are for convenience of the parties only,
and shall be given no substantive or interpretive effect whatsoever.

(k)    Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including facsimile
transmission) and shall be given,

if to Parent or Merger Sub, to

Century Communities, Inc.
8390 East Crescent Parkway, Suite 650
Greenwood Village, CO 80111

 Attention: Dale Francescon (Co-Chief Executive Officer)
  David Messenger (Chief Financial Officer)

Fax: 303-770-8320
 Email: DaleF@centurycommunities.com; and
  DaveM@centurycommunities.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Greenberg Traurig, LLP
1840 Century Park East, Suite 1900
Los Angeles, CA 90067
Attention: Mark J. Kelson, Esq.
Fax: 310-586-0556
Email: kelsonm@gtlaw.com

 
B-9



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 252/265

Table of Contents

Greenberg Traurig, LLP
The MetLife Building
200 Park Avenue
New York, NY 10116
Attention: Clifford E. Neimeth, Esq.
Fax: 212-805-9383
Email: neimethc@gtlaw.com

if to PICO, to:

PICO Holdings, Inc.
7979 Ivanhoe Avenue, Suite 300
La Jolla, CA 92037
Attention: Chief Executive Officer
Fax: 858-652-4131
Email: mwebb@picoholdings.com

with copies (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Cooley LLP
4401 Eastgate Mall
San Diego, CA 92121
Attention: Jason L. Kent, Esq.
Fax: 858-550-6420
Email: jkent@cooley.com

or such other address, fax number or email address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the other parties
hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if
received prior to 5 P.M. in the place of receipt and such day is a Business Day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice,
request or communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding Business Day in the place of receipt.

(l)    Governing Law; Enforcement; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(i)    This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the internal procedural and substantive
Laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the choice of law rules thereof.

(ii)    All actions and proceedings arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be exclusively heard and determined
in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware or any federal court sitting in the State of Delaware, and the parties hereto hereby
irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts (and, in the case of appeals, appropriate appellate courts therefrom)
in any such action or proceeding and irrevocably waive the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any such
action or proceeding. The consents to jurisdiction set forth in this paragraph shall not constitute general consents to service of
process in the State of Delaware and shall have no effect for any purpose except as provided in this paragraph and shall not be
deemed to confer rights on any Person other than the parties hereto. The parties hereto agree that a final judgment in any such
action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by applicable Law.

(iii)    Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives any and all rights to trial by jury in any legal proceeding
arising out of or related to this Agreement.

(iv)    The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement
were not timely performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is accordingly agreed that the
parties shall be entitled to seek and obtain and injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce
specifically the terms and

 
B-10



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 253/265

Table of Contents

provisions of this Agreement in the Chancery Court of the State of Delaware or any federal court sitting in the State of Delaware,
this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at Law or in equity.

(m)    Company Acknowledgement and Agreements. The Company hereby represents to Parent that (i) this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby have been approved by all requisite corporate and other action of the Company and the Company
Board for purposes of Article XII of the Company Charter, and (ii) all such other corporate action has been taken to render inapplicable
to Parent, Merger Sub, PICO, the Merger Agreement, this Agreement, the Merger and each of the other Transactions, the provisions of
any Anti-Takeover Law. The Company Board (or other appropriate authorized officials of the Company) have notified the Company’s
transfer agent as to the provisions of Section 1(e) hereof and have instructed the Company’s transfer agent, in writing, not to honor,
record, give effect to or respect any Transfer of PICO Shares in violation of this Agreement.

[Signature page follows]
 

B-11



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 254/265

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first above written.
 

CENTURY COMMUNITIES, INC.

By: /s/ Dale Francescon
 Name: Dale Francescon

 
Title:

 
Chairman of the Board and
Co-Chief Executive Officer

CASA ACQUISITION CORP.

By: /s/ Dale Francescon
 Name: Dale Francescon
 Title:  President

PICO Holdings, Inc.

By: /s/ Max Webb
 Name: Max Webb
 Title:  CEO & President

Solely, for the purpose of Sections 1(g) and 6(m) of this Agreement,
 
UCP, Inc.

By: /s/ Dustin L. Bogue
 Name: Dustin L. Bogue
 Title:  President & CEO

Solely, for the purpose of Section 1(g) of this Agreement,
 
UCP, LLC

By: UCP, Inc., its Managing Member

By: /s/ Dustin L. Bogue
 Name: Dustin L. Bogue
 Title:  President & CEO

 
B-12



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 255/265

Table of Contents

Annex C

Opinion of Citigroup Global Markets Inc.

April 10, 2017

The Board of Directors
UCP, Inc.
99 Almaden Boulevard, Suite 400
San Jose, California 95113

The Board of Directors:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Class A common stock of UCP, Inc.
(“UCP”), other than PICO Holdings, Inc. (“PICO”) and its affiliates, of the Merger Consideration (defined below) provided for
pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Agreement”) proposed to be
entered into among UCP, Century Communities, Inc. (“Century”), and Casa Acquisition Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Century
(“Merger Sub”). As more fully described in the Agreement, (i) UCP will be merged with and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”), with
Merger Sub as the surviving corporation, and (ii) each outstanding share of Class A common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of UCP
(“UCP Class A Common Stock”) will be converted into the right to receive (a) $5.32 in cash (the “Cash Consideration”) and (b) 0.2309
of a share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Century (“Century Common Stock” and, such number of shares of
Century Common Stock issuable in the Merger, together with the Cash Consideration, the “Merger Consideration”). The terms and
conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement.

In arriving at our opinion, we reviewed an execution version, provided to us on April 10, 2017, of the Agreement and held discussions
with certain senior officers, directors and other representatives and advisors of UCP and certain senior officers and other
representatives and advisors of Century concerning the businesses, operations and prospects of UCP and Century. We reviewed certain
publicly available and other business and financial information relating to UCP and Century provided to or discussed with us by the
managements of UCP and Century, including certain internal financial forecasts and other information and data relating to UCP
reflecting, for fiscal years 2020 and 2021, alternative home delivery and leverage scenarios for UCP and certain internal financial
forecasts and other information and data relating to Century, and discussed with the management of UCP the potential strategic
implications and financial and operational benefits anticipated by the management of UCP to result from the Merger. We reviewed the
financial terms of the Merger as set forth in the Agreement in relation to, among other things: current and historical market prices and
trading volumes of UCP Class A Common Stock and current and historical market prices and trading volumes of Century Common
Stock; historical and projected operating data of UCP and Century; and the capitalization and financial condition of UCP and Century.
We analyzed certain financial, stock market and other publicly available information relating to the businesses of other companies
whose operations we considered relevant in evaluating those of UCP and Century and we considered, to the extent publicly available,
the financial terms of certain other transactions which we considered relevant in evaluating the Merger. We also evaluated certain
potential pro forma financial effects of the Merger on Century utilizing the internal financial forecasts and other information and data
relating to UCP, Century and the Merger referred to above. In addition to the foregoing, we conducted such other analyses and
examinations and considered such other information and financial, economic and market criteria as we deemed appropriate in arriving
at our opinion. In connection with our engagement and at your direction, we held discussions with selected third parties regarding their
potential interest in a possible acquisition transaction involving UCP. The issuance of our opinion has been authorized by our fairness
opinion committee.

In rendering our opinion, we have assumed and relied, without independent verification, upon the accuracy and completeness of all
financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise
 

C-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 256/265

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
UCP, Inc.
April 10, 2017
Page 2
 
reviewed by or discussed with us and upon the assurances of the managements and other representatives of UCP and Century that they
are not aware of any relevant information that has been omitted or that remains undisclosed to us. With respect to the financial
forecasts and other information and data relating to UCP that we have been directed to utilize in our analyses (including, without
limitation, as to tax attributes expected by the management of UCP to be utilized by UCP on a standalone basis), we have been advised
by the management of UCP and we have assumed, with your consent, that such forecasts and other information and data were
reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of UCP as to, and are
a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the future financial performance of UCP under the alternative scenarios reflected therein
and the other matters covered thereby. With respect to the financial forecasts and other information and data relating to Century that we
have been directed to utilize in our analyses, we have been advised by the management of Century and we have assumed, with your
consent, that such forecasts and other information and data were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available
estimates and judgments of the management of Century as to, and are a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate, the future financial
performance of Century and the other matters covered thereby. We have relied, at your direction, upon the assessments of the
managements of UCP and Century as to, among other things, (i) the potential impact on UCP and Century of certain market,
competitive, cyclical, seasonal and other trends and developments in and prospects for, and governmental, regulatory and legislative
matters relating to or otherwise affecting, the real estate and residential homebuilding industries and related credit and financial
markets, including with respect to the housing markets in which UCP and Century operate, (ii) existing and future relationships,
agreements and arrangements with, and the ability to attract, retain and/or replace, key employees, suppliers and other commercial
relationships of UCP and Century and (iii) the ability to integrate the businesses of UCP and Century. We have assumed, with your
consent, that there will be no developments with respect to any such matters that would have an adverse effect on UCP, Century or the
Merger or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or opinion.

We have not made or been provided with an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent, derivative, off-
balance sheet, accrued or otherwise) of UCP, Century or any other entity nor have we made any physical inspection of the properties or
assets of UCP, Century or any other entity. We also have not made any analysis of, nor do we express any opinion or view as to, the
adequacy or sufficiency of reserves for warranty or other claims with respect to home sales or any other matters, and we have assumed,
with your consent, that such reserves are, and on a pro forma basis will be, in the aggregate appropriate to cover such warranty and
other claims. We have assumed, with your consent, that the Merger will be consummated in accordance with its terms (including,
without limitation, with respect to the exchange by PICO of membership interests in a subsidiary of UCP for shares of UCP Class A
Common Stock) and in compliance with all applicable laws, documents and other requirements, without waiver, modification or
amendment of any material term, condition or agreement, and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary governmental, regulatory or
third party approvals, consents, releases, waivers and agreements for the Merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition, including
any divestiture or other requirements, amendments or modifications, will be imposed or occur that would have an adverse effect on
UCP, Century or the Merger or that otherwise would be meaningful in any respect to our analyses or opinion. We also have assumed,
with your consent, that the Merger will qualify for the intended tax treatment contemplated by the Agreement. We are not expressing
any opinion or view as to the actual value of Century Common Stock when issued in the Merger or the prices at which Century
Common Stock (or any other securities of or relating to Century) or UCP Class A Common Stock (or any other securities of or relating
to UCP) will trade or otherwise be transferable at any time. Representatives of UCP have advised us, and we also have assumed, that
the final terms of the Agreement will not vary materially from those set forth in the execution version reviewed by us. We are not
expressing any opinion or view with respect to tax,
 

C-2



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 257/265

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
UCP, Inc.
April 10, 2017
Page 3
 
accounting, regulatory, legal or similar matters, including tax or other consequences of the Merger, and we have relied, with your
consent, upon the assessments of representatives of UCP as to such matters.

Our opinion addresses only the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date hereof, of the Merger Consideration (to the
extent expressly specified herein), without regard to individual circumstances of specific holders of, or any rights, preferences,
restrictions or limitations that may be attributable to, shares of UCP Class A Common Stock or other securities of UCP or its affiliates.
Our opinion does not address any other terms, aspects or implications of the Merger, including, without limitation, the form of the
Merger Consideration, the form or structure of the Merger, any exchange agreement, voting support and transfer restriction agreement,
tax receivable agreement or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding to be entered into in connection with or contemplated
by the Merger or otherwise. We express no view as to, and our opinion does not address, the underlying business decision of UCP to
effect or enter into the Merger, the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any alternative business strategies that might exist for
UCP or the effect of any other transaction which UCP might engage in or consider. We also express no view as to, and our opinion
does not address, the fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount or nature or any other aspect of any compensation or other
payments to any officers, directors or employees of any parties to the Merger or any affiliates of such parties, or any class of such
persons, relative to the Merger Consideration or otherwise. Our opinion is necessarily based upon information available, and financial,
stock market and other conditions and circumstances existing and disclosed, to us as of the date hereof. Although subsequent
developments may affect our opinion, we have no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm our opinion. As you are aware, the credit,
financial and stock markets, and the regional housing markets and industries in which UCP and Century operate, have experienced and
continue to experience volatility and we express no opinion or view as to any potential effects of such volatility on UCP or Century (or
their respective businesses) or the Merger.

Citigroup Global Markets Inc. has acted as financial advisor to UCP in connection with the proposed Merger and will receive a fee for
such services, the principal portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the Merger. We also will receive a fee in connection
with the delivery of this opinion. In addition, UCP has agreed to reimburse our expenses and to indemnify us against certain liabilities
arising out of our engagement. As you are aware, we and our affiliates in the past have provided and currently and in the future may
provide investment banking, commercial banking and/or other similar financial services to UCP and its affiliates unrelated to the
Merger, for which services we and our affiliates have received and would expect to receive compensation, including, during the past
two years, having assisted UCP in connection with share repurchases under UCP’s stock repurchase program. As you also are aware,
we and our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing and in the future may provide investment banking, commercial
banking and/or other similar financial services to Century and its affiliates, for which services we and our affiliates have received and
expect to receive compensation, including, during the past two years, having acted or acting as (i) an initial purchaser for a private
placement of senior notes of Century, (ii) a sales agent for an at-the-market offering program of Century and (iii) a lender under a
revolving credit facility of Century. Although we and our affiliates have not provided investment banking, commercial banking or other
similar financial services to PICO in the past two years for which we and our affiliates received compensation, we and our affiliates in
the future may provide such services to PICO and/or its affiliates, for which services we and our affiliates would expect to receive
compensation. In the ordinary course of business, we and our affiliates may actively trade or hold the securities of UCP, Century, PICO
and their respective affiliates for our own account or for the account of our customers and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or
short position in such securities. In addition, we and our affiliates (including Citigroup Inc. and its affiliates) may maintain
relationships with UCP, Century, PICO and their respective affiliates.
 

C-3



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 258/265

Table of Contents

The Board of Directors
UCP, Inc.
April 10, 2017
Page 4
 
Our advisory services and the opinion expressed herein are provided for the information of the Board of Directors of UCP (in its
capacity as such) in its evaluation of the proposed Merger. Our opinion is not intended to be and does not constitute a recommendation
to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act on any matters relating to the proposed Merger or otherwise.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, our experience as investment bankers, our work as described above and other factors we
deemed relevant, we are of the opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Merger Consideration to be received by holders of UCP Class A
Common Stock (other than PICO and its affiliates) pursuant to the Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

Very truly yours,

CITIGROUP GLOBAL MARKETS INC.
 

C-4



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 259/265

Table of Contents

Annex D

Section 262 of the DGCL
 
(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to

subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the effective date of the
merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the
merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to § 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the
Court of Chancery of the fair value of the stockholder’s shares of stock under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and
(c) of this section. As used in this section, the word “stockholder” means a holder of record of stock in a corporation; the words
“stock” and “share” mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words; and the words “depository receipt” mean a receipt
or other instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in 1 or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a
corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

 

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or
consolidation to be effected pursuant to § 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to § 251(g) of this title and, subject to
paragraph (b)(3) of this section, § 251(h) of this title), § 252, § 254, § 255, § 256, § 257, § 258, § 263 or § 264 of this title:

 

 

(1) Provided, however, that, except as expressly provided in § 363(b) of this title, no appraisal rights under this section shall be
available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record
date fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement
of merger or consolidation, were either: (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000
holders; and further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation
surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as
provided in § 251(f) of this title.

 

 

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b)(1) of this section, appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of any
class or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of an agreement of merger
or consolidation pursuant to §§ 251, 252, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything
except:

 

 
a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in

respect thereof;
 

 
b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or

depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation will
be either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

 

 
c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a. and b.

of this section; or
 

 
d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional

depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a., b. and c. of this section.
 

 
(3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under § 251(h), § 253 or § 267 of

this title is not owned by the parent immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the
subsidiary Delaware corporation.

 

 
(4) In the event of an amendment to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation contemplated by § 363(a) of this title, appraisal

rights shall be available as contemplated by § 363(b) of this title, and the
 

D-1



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 260/265

Table of Contents

 
procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as
practicable, with the word “amendment” substituted for the words “merger or consolidation,” and the word “corporation”
substituted for the words “constituent corporation” and/or “surviving or resulting corporation.”

 

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the
shares of any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, any merger or consolidation
in which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the
certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the provisions of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d),
(e), and (g) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

 

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:
 

 

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall notify each of its
stockholders who was such on the record date for notice of such meeting (or such members who received notice in
accordance with § 255(c) of this title) with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to subsection
(b) or (c) of this section that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and
shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy
of § 114 of this title. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares shall deliver to the
corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such
stockholder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the
stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. A proxy or vote
against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take such action must do so
by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the
surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this
subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the merger or
consolidation has become effective; or

 

 

(2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to § 228, § 251(h), § 253, or § 267 of this title, then either a constituent
corporation before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or resulting corporation within 10 days
thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to
appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of
such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1
of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Such notice may, and, if given on or
after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger
or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice or,
in the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, within the later of the consummation of the offer
contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the
surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably
informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of
such holder’s shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
(i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation
notifying each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights
of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send such a second
notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent
more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice or, in the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this
title, later than the later

 
D-2



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 261/265

Table of Contents

 

of the consummation of the offer contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days following the sending of the first notice,
such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal
of such holder’s shares in accordance with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the
transfer agent of the corporation that is required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of
fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive
either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the
date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the
record date shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the record
date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

 

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any stockholder
who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may
commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the
stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party shall
have the right to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or
consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the
requirements of subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the
corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not
voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such
stockholder’s written request for such a statement is received by the surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after
expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under subsection (d) of this section hereof, whichever is later.
Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, a person who is the beneficial owner of shares of such stock held either in a voting
trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name, file a petition or request from the corporation the
statement described in this subsection.

 

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting
corporation, which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the petition was
filed a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and
with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the
petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list. The
Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by
registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses
therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a
newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems
advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne
by the surviving or resulting corporation.

 

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this section and who have
become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and
who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of
the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the
proceedings as to such stockholder. If immediately before the merger or consolidation the shares of the class or series of stock of
the constituent corporation as to which appraisal rights are available were listed on a

 
D-3



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 262/265

Table of Contents

 

national securities exchange, the Court shall dismiss the proceedings as to all holders of such shares who are otherwise entitled to
appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of the class or
series eligible for appraisal, (2) the value of the consideration provided in the merger or consolidation for such total number of
shares exceeds $1 million, or (3) the merger was approved pursuant to § 253 or § 267 of this title.

 

(h) After the Court determines the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the appraisal proceeding shall be conducted in accordance
with the rules of the Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings. Through such
proceeding the Court shall determine the fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount
determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. Unless the
Court in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, and except as provided in this subsection, interest from the
effective date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment shall be compounded quarterly and shall accrue at 5%
over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the
effective date of the merger and the date of payment of the judgment. At any time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings,
the surviving corporation may pay to each stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case interest shall accrue
thereafter as provided herein only upon the sum of (1) the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the fair value of the
shares as determined by the Court, and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time. Upon application by the surviving
or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion,
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder
whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who
has submitted such stockholder’s certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all
proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

 

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting
corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of holders of
uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation
of the certificates representing such stock. The Court’s decree may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be
enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

 

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the
circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and the fees and
expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

 

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as provided in
subsection (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other
distributions on the stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the
effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a written
withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days
after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no
appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and
such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just; provided, however that this provision shall not affect
the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that

 
D-4



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 263/265

Table of Contents

 
proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the
merger or consolidation within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, as set forth in subsection (e) of this
section.

 

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been converted
had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the surviving or
resulting corporation.

 
D-5



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 264/265

Table of Contents

UCP, INC. 99 ALMADEN BLVD SUITE 400 SAN JOSE, CA 95113 VOTE BY INTERNET - www.proxyvote.com Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the web site and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. VOTE BY PHONE - 1-800-690-6903 Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 P.M. Eastern Time the day before the cut-off date or meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. VOTE BY MAIL Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR proposals 1 and 2. 1. A proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 10, 2017 (as it may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), among Century Communities, Inc. (“Century Communities”), Casa Acquisition Corp. (“Merger Sub”) and UCP, Inc. (“UCP”). The Merger Agreement provides that UCP will merge with and into Merger Sub (the “Merger”), with Merger Sub surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Century Communities, and UCP no longer being a public company. 2. A proposal to adjourn the UCP special meeting, or any adjournments thereof, to another time or place, if necessary or appropriate, as determined by UCP, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the UCP special meeting or any adjournments thereof to adopt the Merger Agreement. NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. For Against Abstain Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name, by authorized officer. Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date Signature (Joint Owners) Date 0000341198_1 R1.0.1.15



9/10/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1572684/000119312517220761/d391974ddefm14a.htm 265/265

Table of Contents

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Special Meeting: The Notice & Proxy Statement is available at www.proxyvote.com UCP, INC. Special Meeting of Stockholders This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s) Dustin L. Bogue and W. Allen Bennett, or either of them, as proxies, each with the power to appoint (his/her) substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of Common Stock of UCP, Inc. that the stockholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of stockholder(s) to be held at 11:00 a.m., PDT on August 1, 2017, at the Fairmont San Jose Hotel, 170 South Market Street, San Jose, California 95113, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. Continued and to be signed on reverse side 0000341198_2 R1.0.1.15


