







































9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 1/205

DEFM14A 1 d413349ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
Washington, D.C. 20549

 
 

SCHEDULE 14A
PROXY STATEMENT PURSUANT TO SECTION 14(A) OF THE

SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
 

 
Filed by the Registrant  ☒                            Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

XACTLY CORPORATION
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☐  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

  

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

  

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

  

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which
the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

  

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     

 

(5)

  

Total fee paid:
 
     

☒  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐  
Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was
paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

 

(1)

  

Amount Previously Paid:
 

     



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 2/205

 

(2)

  

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 

     

 

(3)

  

Filing Party:
 

     

 

(4)

  

Date Filed:
 

     
   



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 3/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION
300 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1700
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA 95110

June 29, 2017

Dear Xactly Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting (the “Special Meeting”) of stockholders of Xactly Corporation (“Xactly”) to
be held on July 28, 2017, at Xactly’s headquarters, located at 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San Jose, California 95110, at 9:00 a.m.
Pacific time.

At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
May 29, 2017, as amended on June 20, 2017 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Xactly, Excalibur Parent, LLC (“Parent”), and
Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc. (“Merger Sub”). Parent and Merger Sub are entities that are affiliated with Vista Equity Partners
Management, LLC, a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies.
Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xactly, with Xactly continuing as the surviving
corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”).

If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $15.65 in cash, without interest thereon and less any applicable
withholding taxes, for each share of common stock that you own (unless you have properly exercised your appraisal rights), which
represents a premium of approximately: (1) 17% to the closing price of Xactly’s common stock on May 26, 2017, the last full trading
day prior to public announcement of Xactly’s entry into the Merger Agreement; and (2) 31% to the 3-month volume weighted average
price of our common stock for the period ending May 26, 2017.

The Board of Directors, after considering the factors more fully described in the enclosed proxy statement, has
unanimously: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of, Xactly and its stockholders; and (2) adopted and approved the
Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. The Board of Directors
recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special
Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement
at the time of the Special Meeting.

The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger Agreement and the Merger. A
copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement.

The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of the Board of Directors in connection with its evaluation of
the Merger Agreement and the Merger. You should carefully read and consider the entire enclosed proxy statement and its annexes,
including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, as they contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and
how it affects you.

Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the
enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone
(using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot, your vote
will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted.



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 4/205

Table of Contents

If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in
accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other
nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions.

Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the Merger unless the
proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of Xactly’s common stock.

If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.
48 Wall Street

New York, NY 10005
Call toll free: (800) 769-4414

On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of this matter.
 

Sincerely,

/s/ CHRISTOPHER W. CABRERA
Christopher W. Cabrera
Chief Executive Officer and Director

The accompanying proxy statement is dated June 29, 2017 and, together with the enclosed form of proxy card, is first being
mailed on or about June 29, 2017.



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 5/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION
300 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1700
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA 95110

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON JULY 28, 2017

Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders (the “Special Meeting”) of Xactly Corporation, a Delaware
corporation (“Xactly”), will be held on July 28, 2017, at Xactly’s headquarters, located at 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San Jose,
California 95110, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time, for the following purposes:

1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 29, 2017, as amended on
June 20, 2017 (the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Xactly, Excalibur Parent, LLC (“Parent”), and Excalibur Merger Sub,
Inc. (“Merger Sub”). Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xactly, with Xactly
continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”);

2. To consider and vote on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to
solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting; and

3. To transact any other business that may properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or
other delay of the Special Meeting.

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on June 28, 2017, are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote
at the Special Meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay thereof.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and
(2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are
insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the
enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone
(using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot, your vote
will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank,
broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank,
broker or other nominee. Your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the
Merger Agreement, without your instructions.
 

By Order of the Board of Directors,

/s/ CHRISTOPHER W. CABRERA
Christopher W. Cabrera
Chief Executive Officer and Director

Dated: June 29, 2017



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 6/205

Table of Contents

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE ENCOURAGE YOU TO
SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE: (1) BY TELEPHONE; (2) THROUGH THE INTERNET; OR (3) BY
SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE
PROVIDED. You may revoke your proxy or change your vote at any time before it is voted at the Special Meeting.

If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in
accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker or other nominee. Your broker or other agent
cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, without your instructions.

If you are a stockholder of record, voting in person by ballot at the Special Meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously
submitted. If you hold your shares through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must obtain a “legal proxy” in order to vote in person
at the Special Meeting.

If you fail to (1) return your proxy card, (2) grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone or (3) vote by ballot
in person at the Special Meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the
Special Meeting and, if a quorum is present, will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement, but will have no effect on the adjournment proposal.

You should carefully read and consider the entire accompanying proxy statement and its annexes, including, but not limited to,
the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents incorporated by reference into the accompanying proxy statement, as they
contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. If you have any questions concerning the
Merger Agreement, the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like additional copies of the
accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.
48 Wall Street

New York, NY 10005
Call toll free: (800) 769-4414



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 7/205

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
Summary    1 

Parties Involved in the Merger    1 
Effect of the Merger    2 
Effect on Xactly if the Merger is Not Completed    2 
Merger Consideration    2 
The Special Meeting    3 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    4 
Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC    4 
Financing of the Merger    5 
Limited Guaranty    5 
The Voting and Support Agreements    6 
Treatment of Company Options and Company RSUs    6 
Treatment of Purchase Rights under the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan    8 
Employee Benefits    8 
Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    8 
Appraisal Rights    9 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    10 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    10 
No Solicitation of Other Offers    10 
Change in the Board of Directors’ Recommendation    11 
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger    11 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    12 
Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement    13 
Specific Performance    13 

Questions and Answers    14 
Forward-Looking Statements    23 
The Special Meeting    24 

Date, Time and Place    24 
Purpose of the Special Meeting    24 
Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum    24 
Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    24 
Shares Held by Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers    25 
Voting of Proxies    25 
Revocability of Proxies    26 
Board of Directors’ Recommendation    26 
Solicitation of Proxies    26 
Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger    26 
Appraisal Rights    27 
Delisting and Deregistration of Xactly’s Common Stock    27 
Other Matters    27 
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on July 28, 2017    27 
Householding of Special Meeting Materials    27 
Questions and Additional Information    28 

The Merger    29 
Parties Involved in the Merger    29 
Effect of the Merger    30 
Effect on Xactly if the Merger is Not Completed    30 
Merger Consideration    30 

 
i



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 8/205

Table of Contents

Background of the Merger    31 
Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    39 
Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC    42 
Xactly Financial Projections    47 
Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    53 
Financing of the Merger    59 
The Voting and Support Agreements    60 
Closing and Effective Time    61 
Appraisal Rights    61 
Accounting Treatment    66 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    66 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    69 

Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement    71 
Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws    71 
Closing and Effective Time    72 
Merger Consideration    72 
Exchange and Payment Procedures    73 
Representations and Warranties    74 
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger    77 
No Solicitation of Other Offers    78 
The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change    80 
Employee Benefits    82 
Efforts to Close the Merger    82 
Indemnification and Insurance    82 
Other Covenants    83 
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger    83 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    84 
Termination Fee    85 
Specific Performance    86 
Limitations of Liability    86 
Fees and Expenses    86 
Amendment    86 
Governing Law    86 

Proposal 2: Adjournment of the Special Meeting    87 
Market Prices and Dividend Data    88 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management    89 
Future Stockholder Proposals    92 
Where You Can Find More Information    93 
Miscellaneous    95 
Annexes   

Annex A—The Merger Agreement
   

A-
1 

Annex B—Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC
   

B-
1 

Annex C—Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware
   

C-
1 

Annex D—Form of Voting and Support Agreement
   

D-
1 

 
ii



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 9/205

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger of Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc.
with and into Xactly Corporation (the “Merger”), and may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To
understand the Merger more fully and for a more complete description of the legal terms of the Merger, you should carefully read
and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including, but not limited to, the Merger
Agreement, along with all of the documents to which we refer in this proxy statement, as they contain important information about,
among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference in this proxy
statement without charge by following the instructions under the caption, “Where You Can Find More Information.” The Merger
Agreement (as defined below) is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. You should carefully read and consider the entire
Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger.

Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement, “Xactly,” “we,” “our,” “us” and similar words refer to Xactly
Corporation, including, in certain cases, our subsidiaries. Throughout this proxy statement, we refer to Excalibur Parent, LLC as
“Parent” and Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub.” In addition, throughout this proxy statement we refer to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated May 29, 2017, by and among Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub, as amended on June 20, 2017,
as the “Merger Agreement,” our common stock, par value $0.001 per share, as “common stock” and the holders of our common
stock, as “stockholders.” Unless indicated otherwise, any other capitalized term used herein but not otherwise defined herein has
the meaning assigned to such term in the Merger Agreement.

Parties Involved in the Merger

Xactly Corporation

Headquartered in San Jose, California, Xactly (NYSE: Xactly), is a leading provider of enterprise-class, cloud-based,
incentive compensation solutions for employee and sales performance management. Named a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant
for Sales Performance Management software, Xactly addresses a critical business need to incentivize employees and align their
behaviors with company goals. Our products allow organizations to make more strategic decisions, increase employee
performance, improve margins, and mitigate risk. Our core values are key to our success, and each day we’re committed to
upholding them by delivering the best we can to our customers. Xactly’s common stock is listed on The New York Stock
Exchange (“NYSE”), under the symbol “XTLY.”

Excalibur Parent, LLC

Parent was formed on May 25, 2017, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt financing in connection with the Merger.

Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc.

Merger Sub is a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent and was formed on May 25, 2017, solely for the purpose of
engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt
financing in connection with the Merger.

Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Fund VI, L.P. (“Vista Fund VI”), and Parent, Merger
Sub and Vista Fund VI are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC
 

 
1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 10/205

Table of Contents

(“Vista”). Vista is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled companies. At
the Effective Time, Xactly, as the Surviving Corporation, will be indirectly owned by Vista Fund VI.

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Vista Fund VI has provided Parent with an
equity commitment of up to approximately $567.2 million, which will be available to fund the aggregate purchase price and,
together with cash on hand at Xactly, to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing of the Merger by Xactly,
Parent and Merger Sub contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Merger Agreement. For more information,
please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Financing of the Merger.”

Effect of the Merger

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xactly, with
Xactly continuing as the surviving corporation and as a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent (the “Surviving Corporation”).
As a result of the Merger, Xactly’s common stock will no longer be publicly traded, and will be delisted from the NYSE. In
addition, Xactly’s common stock will be deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange
Act”), and Xactly will no longer file periodic reports with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). If
the Merger is completed, you will not own any shares of the capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

The time at which the Merger will become effective (the “Effective Time”) will occur upon the filing of a certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (or at such later time as we, Parent and Merger Sub may agree and
specify in the certificate of merger).

Effect on Xactly if the Merger is Not Completed

If the Merger Agreement is not adopted by stockholders, or if the Merger is not completed for any other reason:
 

 
(i) the stockholders will not be entitled to, nor will they receive, any payment for their respective shares of common stock

pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
(ii) (A) Xactly will remain an independent public company, (B) Xactly’s common stock will continue to be listed and traded

on the NYSE and registered under the Exchange Act, and (C) Xactly will continue to file periodic reports with the SEC;
and

 

 
(iii) under certain specified circumstances, Xactly will be required to pay Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million upon the

termination of the Merger Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned
“Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Termination Fee.”

Merger Consideration

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any stockholder, each share of common stock outstanding as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of common stock (A) held by Xactly as treasury stock, (B) owned by
Parent, Merger Sub or Excalibur Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the direct and indirect parent of Parent
and Merger Sub (“Topco”), respectively, (C) owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Parent or Merger Sub
and (D) owned by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal in respect of such shares
of common stock under Delaware law, collectively, the “Excluded Shares”) will be cancelled and extinguished, and automatically
converted into the right to receive $15.65 in cash (the “Per Share Merger Consideration”), without interest thereon and less any
applicable withholding taxes.
 

 
2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 11/205

Table of Contents

At or immediately prior to the Effective Time, Parent will deposit sufficient funds to pay the aggregate Per Share Merger
Consideration with a designated payment agent. The payment agent will promptly send a check to the stockholder at such
stockholder’s registered address for the Per Share Merger Consideration (without interest thereon and less any applicable
withholding taxes) payable in respect of each share of common stock owned by such stockholder. For more information, please see
the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Exchange and Payment
Procedures.”

After the Merger is completed, you will have the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, but you will no longer
have any rights as a stockholder (except that stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights will have the right to receive
payment for the “fair value” of their shares determined pursuant to an appraisal proceeding, as contemplated by Delaware law).
For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Appraisal Rights.”

The Special Meeting

Date, Time and Place

A special meeting of stockholders will be held on Friday, July 28, 2017, at Xactly’s headquarters, located at 300 Park
Avenue, Suite 1700, San Jose, California 95110, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time (the “Special Meeting”).

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

You are entitled to vote at the Special Meeting if you owned shares of common stock at the close of business on June 28,
2017 (the “Record Date”). You will have one vote at the Special Meeting for each share of common stock that you owned at the
close of business on the Record Date.

Purpose

At the Special Meeting, we will ask stockholders to vote on proposals to (1) adopt the Merger Agreement and (2) adjourn the
Special Meeting to a later date or dates to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at
the time of the Special Meeting.

Quorum

As of the Record Date, there were 32,212,469 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled vote at the Special Meeting.
The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, will constitute a quorum at the Special Meeting.

Required Vote

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to adopt the Merger
Agreement. Approval of the proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Special
Meeting.

Share Ownership of Our Directors and Executive Officers

As of the Record Date, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate,
5,968,511 shares of common stock, representing approximately 18.5% of the shares of common stock outstanding as of the Record
Date.
 

 
3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 12/205

Table of Contents

Certain affiliates of certain of our directors have entered into voting agreements with Parent and Merger Sub which obligate
such parties to, among other things, vote their shares of common stock in favor of the proposal to approve and adopt the Merger
Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—The Voting and Support
Agreements.”

Our directors and executive officers have informed us that they currently intend to vote all of their respective shares of
common stock: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if
necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of
the Special Meeting.

Voting and Proxies

Any stockholder of record entitled to vote may submit a proxy by returning a signed proxy card by mail in the accompanying
prepaid reply envelope or by granting a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in
the enclosed proxy card), or may vote in person by appearing at the Special Meeting. If you are a beneficial owner and hold your
shares of common stock in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you should instruct your bank, broker or other
nominee on how you wish to vote your shares of common stock using the instructions provided by your bank, broker or other
nominee. Under applicable stock exchange rules, banks, brokers or other nominees have the discretion to vote on routine matters.
The proposals to be considered at the Special Meeting are non-routine matters, and banks, brokers and other nominees cannot vote
on these proposals without your instructions. Therefore, it is important that you cast your vote or instruct your bank, broker
or nominee on how you wish to vote your shares.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the
Special Meeting by: (1) signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it prior to the Special Meeting; (2) submitting a
new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier submitted proxy; (3) delivering a written
notice of revocation to our Secretary at Xactly Corporation; Attn: Secretary, Legal Department; 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San
Jose, California 95110; or (4) attending the Special Meeting and voting in person by ballot.

If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name,” you should contact your bank, broker or other nominee for
instructions regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the Special Meeting if you obtain a “legal proxy”
from your bank, broker or other nominee.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

Xactly’s Board of Directors (the “Board of Directors”), after considering various factors described in this proxy statement
under the caption, “The Merger—Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger,” has unanimously:
(1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair
to, advisable and in the best interests of Xactly and its stockholders; and (2) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger
Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if
there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

In connection with the Merger, at the meeting of the Board of Directors on May 29, 2017, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P.
Morgan”) rendered its oral opinion to the Board of Directors, confirmed by delivery of a
 

 
4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 13/205

Table of Contents

written opinion, dated May 29, 2017, that as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its
opinion, the consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Xactly common stock (other than Excluded Shares, which
include, for example, shares of common stock owned by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their statutory
rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware), pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, was fair from a financial point of view to such stockholders.

The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan, dated as of May 29, 2017, which sets forth, among other things, the
assumptions made, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement
and is incorporated by reference in this proxy statement in its entirety. The summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan in this
proxy statement is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. You are urged to carefully read and
consider J.P. Morgan’s entire written opinion, as it contains important information. J.P. Morgan’s opinion was addressed
to the Board of Directors, in its capacity as such, in connection with and for the purposes of J.P. Morgan’s evaluation of the
Merger, was directed only to the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration to be received by the holders of
shares of Xactly common stock (other than Excluded Shares, which include, for example, shares of common stock owned
by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the
General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware), pursuant to the Merger Agreement, and does not address any other
aspect or implications of the Merger. J.P. Morgan’s opinion was not intended to, and does not, constitute advice or a
recommendation to any of our stockholders as to how such stockholders should vote with respect to the Merger or any
other matter.

For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Fairness Opinion of J.P.
Morgan Securities LLC.”

Financing of the Merger

The obligation of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger is not subject to any financing condition.

We anticipate that the total amount of funds necessary to complete the Merger and the related transactions will be
approximately $567.2 million in cash. This amount includes funds needed to: (1) pay stockholders and other equity holders the
amounts due under the Merger Agreement; (2) make payments in respect of our outstanding equity-based awards payable at
Closing pursuant to the Merger Agreement; and (3) pay all fees and expenses payable by Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger
Agreement.

In connection with the financing of the Merger, Vista Fund VI and Parent have entered into an equity commitment letter,
dated as of May 29, 2017 (the “Equity Commitment Letter”), pursuant to which Vista Fund VI has agreed to provide Parent with
an equity commitment of up to approximately $567.2 million in cash, which will be available to fund the aggregate purchase price
and, together with cash on hand at Xactly, to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing of the Merger by Xactly,
Parent and Merger Sub contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Merger Agreement.

Limited Guaranty

Pursuant to the limited guaranty delivered by Vista Fund VI in favor of Xactly, dated as of May 29, 2017 (the “Limited
Guaranty”), Vista Fund VI has agreed to guarantee the due, punctual and complete payment of all of the liabilities and obligations
of Parent or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, subject to an aggregate cap equal to $36.9 million, plus amounts in respect
of certain reimbursement and indemnification obligations of Parent and Merger Sub for certain costs, expenses or losses incurred
or sustained by Xactly, as specified in the
 

 
5



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 14/205

Table of Contents

Merger Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Financing of the
Merger.”

The Voting and Support Agreements

An entity affiliated with Alloy Ventures, where David W. Pidwell, a former member of our Board of Directors, is a venture
partner; entities affiliated with Bay Partners and Neal Dempsey, a member of our Board of Directors; and entities affiliated with
Rembrandt Venture Partners and Gerald S. Casilli, a member of our Board of Directors, each entered into a voting and support
agreement with Parent and Merger Sub (each, a “Voting Agreement”). Each Voting Agreement obligates such party to, vote their
shares of common stock (i) in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the Merger and other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and/or (ii) against any Acquisition Proposal or any other action or agreement
which would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to Xactly’s obligations to consummate the Merger not being
fulfilled. The stockholders subject to the Voting Agreements (the “Voting Agreement Stockholders”) have waived appraisal rights.
As of the Record Date, the Voting Agreement Stockholders held, in the aggregate, approximately 22.4% of the outstanding shares
of Xactly’s common stock. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—The
Voting and Support Agreements.”

Treatment of Company Options and Company RSUs

The Merger Agreement provides that each:

(i) option to purchase shares of Xactly’s common stock that is unexpired, unexercised, and outstanding pursuant to any of
Xactly’s equity plans as of the Effective Time (a “Company Option”); and

(ii) restricted stock unit that is unexpired, unexercised, and outstanding under any of Xactly’s equity plans as of the Effective
Time (a “Company RSU”);

will be subject to the following treatment in the Merger:

Company Options

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company Option, each Company Option that is
outstanding as of the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 

(i) for (1) any Company Option that is vested as of the Effective Time or that vests solely as a result of the consummation
of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (and without any additional action by Xactly, the Board of
Directors or a committee thereof) (each, a “Vested Company Option”) and (2) 66 2/3% of the portion of such Company
Options that is not a Vested Company Option prior to the application of this clause (2) (each, an “Additional Vesting
Company Option”), a cash amount equal to (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration (less the exercise price per share, if
any, attributable to such Company Option), multiplied by (ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common
Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Additional Vesting Company Option, subject to any required
withholding for applicable taxes; and

 

 

(ii) for any Company Option that is not a Vested Company Option or an Additional Vesting Company Option (each, an
“Unvested Company Option”), a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the aggregate number of shares of Company
Common stock subject to such Unvested Company Option multiplied by (2) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger
Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price under such Unvested Company Option, which cash amount
will vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company Option for which such cash amount was exchanged
would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes and

 

 
6



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 15/205

Table of Contents

 

subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates (including Xactly and its subsidiaries)
through the applicable vesting dates (such amount, the “Cash Replacement Company Option Amount”); provided,
however, that the payment of such Cash Replacement Company Option Amount may be accelerated in the event the
holder’s employment with Xactly is (i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date
(provided that this clause (i) will not apply if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of
control severance agreement, offer letter, employment agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for
vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company Options and has a qualifying termination of employment under such
agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder satisfying certain conditions.

Company RSUs

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company RSU, each Company RSU that is
outstanding as the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 

(i) for (1) any Company RSU that is vested as of the Effective Time or that vests solely as a result of the consummation of
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (and without any additional action by Xactly, the Board of
Directors or a committee thereof) (each, a “Vested Company RSU”) and (2) 66 2/3% of the portion of each award of
Company RSUs that is not a Vested Company RSU prior to the application of this clause (2) (each, an “Additional
Vesting Company RSU” and together with the Additional Vesting Company Options, the “Additional Vesting Awards”),
a cash amount equal to the Per Share Merger Consideration, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes;
and

 

 

(ii) for any Company RSU that is not a Vested Company RSU or an Additional Vesting Company RSU (each, an “Unvested
Company RSU”), a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the Per Share Merger Consideration multiplied by (2) the
total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU immediately prior to the
Effective Time, which cash amount will vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company RSU for which
such cash amount was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required withholding for
applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates (including Xactly
and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates (such amount, the “Cash Replacement Company RSU
Amount”); provided, however, that the payment of such Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount may be accelerated
in the event the holder’s employment with Xactly is (i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the
Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a
change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment agreement or any other agreement or contract that
provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company RSUs and has a qualifying termination of employment
under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder satisfying certain conditions.

The calculation to determine the number of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be
performed individually for each holder of a Company Option or holder of an award of Company RSUs, as applicable, and on an
award-by-award basis for any holder who holds more than one Company Option or more than one award of Company RSUs, as
applicable.

The determination of which Company Options and Company RSUs held by an individual holder thereof that will be converted into
Additional Vesting Awards shall be based on the relative vesting dates of the Company Options and Company RSUs held by such
individual such that such holder’s Cash Replacement Company Option Amounts and Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts
shall be granted in exchange for Company Options
 

 
7



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 16/205

Table of Contents

and Company RSUs with the longest remaining vesting periods. For more information, see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “The Merger—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.”

The descriptions above reflect the clarifications to the definitions of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting
Company RSUs as set forth in the amendment to the Merger Agreement dated June 20, 2017.

Treatment of Purchase Rights under the 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan

The Merger Agreement provides that no new purchase periods will begin under Xactly’s 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan
(the “ESPP”) after May 29, 2017, and no individual will be allowed to begin participating in the ESPP after May 29, 2017. In
addition, ESPP participants will not be permitted to increase the rate of payroll contributions to the ESPP from the rate in effect at
the beginning of any current purchase period in progress or to make separate non-payroll contributions to the ESPP on or after
May 29, 2017. Any current purchase period that would otherwise be outstanding at the Effective Time will terminate no later than
five days before the date on which the Effective Time occurs. All outstanding purchase rights under the ESPP will automatically
be exercised no later than one business day before the Effective Time (with such purchase rights subject to any pro rata
adjustments that may be necessary if the current purchase period in progress must be shortened), and the ESPP will terminate as of
the Effective Time. Each share of common stock purchased under the ESPP that remains outstanding as of immediately prior to
the Effective Time will be cancelled at the Effective Time and converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger
Consideration.

For more information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned, “The Merger—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger.”

Employee Benefits

Parent has agreed to cause the Surviving Corporation to honor the terms of Xactly’s benefit plans and compensation and
severance arrangements following the Merger in accordance with their terms as in effect immediately before the Effective Time. In
addition, for a period of one year following the Effective Time, each employee of Xactly (or its subsidiaries) immediately prior to
the Effective Time who remains employed following the Merger (the “Continuing Employees”) will be provided with employee
benefit plans or other compensation and severance arrangements (other than equity-based benefits and individual employment
agreements, except as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph) at benefit levels that are substantially comparable in the
aggregate to those provided to the employee immediately prior to the Effective Time, in each case, either through (i) Xactly’s
benefit plans and arrangements in existence immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) comparable plans, or some combination
of (i) and (ii). In each case, base compensation and target incentive compensation opportunity will not be decreased for a period of
one year following the Effective Time for any Continuing Employee employed during that period. For more information, see the
section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Employee Benefits.”

The Surviving Corporation will grant any Continuing Employee credit for all service with Xactly and its subsidiaries prior to
the Effective Time for purposes of eligibility to participate, vesting and entitlement to benefits where length of service is relevant
(including for purposes of vacation accrual and severance pay entitlement), except where service credit would result in duplication
of coverage or benefits.

Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

When considering the recommendation of the Board of Directors that you vote to approve the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement, you should be aware that our directors and executive officers may have interests in the Merger that are different from,
or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. In (1) evaluating and
 

 
8



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 17/205

Table of Contents

negotiating the Merger Agreement, (2) approving the Merger Agreement and the Merger and (3) recommending that the Merger
Agreement be adopted by stockholders, the Board of Directors was aware of and considered these interests, among other matters,
to the extent that these interests existed at the time. These interests include:
 

 
•  accelerated vesting and cash out of certain equity-based awards simultaneously with the Effective Time (including full

vesting acceleration of all equity-based awards held by members of our Board of Directors as of the Effective Time);
 

 

•  the entitlement of each of our executive officers to receive payments and benefits under his Change of Control
Severance Agreement if, during the Change of Control Period, his employment with us is terminated by us without
Cause (excluding death or disability), or by him for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Change of Control
Severance Agreement), subject to his timely signing and not revoking a release in our favor; and

 

 •  continued indemnification and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to be provided by the Surviving Corporation.

If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved, the shares of common stock held by our directors and executive
officers will be treated in the same manner as outstanding shares of common stock held by all other stockholders. For more
information, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger.”

Appraisal Rights

If the Merger is consummated, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and who
properly demand appraisal of their shares will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under Section 262 of
the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”). This means that stockholders are entitled to have their
shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery, and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of common
stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest to
be paid on the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the court. Due to the complexity of the appraisal
process, stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to
the exercise of appraisal rights.

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined pursuant to
Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as or less than the value of the consideration that they would receive
pursuant to the Merger Agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their shares.

To exercise your appraisal rights, you must: (1) submit a written demand for appraisal to Xactly before the vote is taken on
the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement; (2) not submit a proxy or otherwise vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement; and (3) continue to hold your shares of common stock of record through the Effective Time. Your failure to follow
exactly the procedures specified under the DGCL will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. The DGCL requirements for
exercising appraisal rights are described in further detail in this proxy statement, and the relevant section of the DGCL regarding
appraisal rights is reproduced in Annex C to this proxy statement. If you hold your shares of common stock through a bank, broker
or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with your bank, broker or other nominee to
determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal on your behalf by your bank, broker or other
nominee. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Appraisal Rights.”
 

 
9



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 18/205

Table of Contents

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The receipt of cash by our stockholders in exchange for shares of our common stock in the Merger will be a taxable
transaction to U.S. Holders (as defined under the caption, “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger”) for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Such receipt of cash by each of our stockholders that is a U.S. Holder generally
will result in the recognition of gain or loss in an amount measured by the difference, if any, between the amount of cash that such
U.S. Holder receives in the Merger per share and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of common stock surrendered
in the Merger by such stockholder.

Stockholders that are Non-U.S. Holders (as defined under the caption, “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger”) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to the exchange of common
stock for cash in the Merger unless such Non-U.S. Holder has certain connections to the United States, but may be subject to
backup withholding tax unless the Non-U.S. Holder complies with certain certification procedures or otherwise establishes a valid
exemption from backup withholding tax.

Stockholders should read the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger.”

Stockholders should also consult their own tax advisors concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences relating to the
Merger in light of their particular circumstances and any consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. taxing
jurisdiction.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

Under the Merger Agreement, the Merger cannot be completed until the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-
Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), has expired or been terminated. For more information,
please see the section of this proxy captioned “The Merger—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger.”

On June 7, 2017, Xactly and Vista Fund VI made the filings required to be made under the HSR Act. On June 20, 2017, the
U.S. Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) notified Xactly that early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act was
granted, effective immediately. Therefore, the closing condition of the Merger Agreement relating to the expiration or termination
of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has been satisfied.

No Solicitation of Other Offers

Under the Merger Agreement, from the date of the Merger Agreement until the Effective Time, Xactly has agreed not to, and
to cause its subsidiaries and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, representatives and advisors
(collectively, “Representatives”) not to, among other things: (1) solicit, initiate, propose or induce or knowingly encourage,
facilitate or assist any inquiries regarding any Acquisition Proposal or (2) engage in discussions or negotiations regarding, or
provide any non-public information to, any person relating to, or that would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition
Proposal (as defined in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation of Other Offers”).

Notwithstanding these restrictions, under certain circumstances, prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by
stockholders, Xactly may, among other things, provide information to, and engage or participate in negotiations or substantive
discussions with, a person in respect of an Acquisition Proposal, and otherwise facilitate such Acquisition Proposal or assist such
person (and its Representatives and financing sources) with
 

 
10



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 19/205

Table of Contents

such Acquisition Proposal (in each case, if requested by such person and such Acquisition Proposal did not result from any
material breach of Xactly’s obligations, as described in the immediately preceding paragraph) if (and only if) the Board of
Directors (or a committee thereof) determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and its outside legal
counsel) that such Acquisition Proposal either constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined in the section of this proxy statement
captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—No Solicitation of Other Offers”) or is reasonably likely to lead to a
Superior Proposal, and, in each case, the failure to act in respect of such Acquisition Proposal would be inconsistent with the
Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law. For more information, please see the section of this
proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—No Solicitation of Other Offers.”

Xactly is not entitled to terminate the Merger Agreement for the purpose of entering into an agreement in respect of a
Superior Proposal, unless it complies with certain procedures in the Merger Agreement, including, but not limited to, negotiating
with Parent in good faith over a two business day period in an effort to amend the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement,
so that such Superior Proposal no longer constitutes “Superior Proposal” relative to the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, as amended pursuant to such negotiations.

If Xactly terminates the Merger Agreement for the purpose of entering into an agreement in respect of a Superior Proposal,
Xactly must pay a termination fee of $18.5 million to Parent. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board
Recommendation Change.”

Change in the Board of Directors’ Recommendation

Prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, the Board of Directors may under certain circumstances
withdraw its recommendation that stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement if it determines in good faith (after consultation with
its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel) that failure to do so would be inconsistent with the Board of Directors’ fiduciary
duties to stockholders under applicable law.

However, the Board of Directors cannot withdraw its recommendation that stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement unless
it complies with certain procedures in the Merger Agreement, including, but not limited to, negotiating with Parent in good faith
over a two business day period so that a failure to make a Company Board Recommendation Change (as defined in the section of
this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—The Board of Directors’ Recommendation;
Company Board Recommendation Change”) would no longer be inconsistent with the Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties to
stockholders under applicable law. The termination of the Merger Agreement by Parent following the withdrawal by the Board of
Directors of its recommendation that stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement will result in the payment by Xactly of an
$18.5 million termination fee to Parent. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal
1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change.”

Conditions to the Closing of the Merger

The obligations of Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub, as applicable, to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of certain conditions, including (among other conditions), the following:
 

 •  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the requisite affirmative vote of stockholders;
 

 •  the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act;
 

 
•  the consummation of the Merger not being restrained, enjoined, rendered illegal or otherwise prohibited by any

applicable law or order of any governmental authority;
 

 
11



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 20/205

Table of Contents

 

•  the absence of any continuing change, event, violation, inaccuracy, effect or circumstance at Xactly that, individually or
in the aggregate, generally: (1) is or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to Xactly’s business,
financial condition or results of operations, taken as a whole; or (2) would reasonably be expected to prevent or
materially impair or delay the consummation of the Merger;

 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement, subject to

materiality qualifiers, as of the Effective Time or the date in respect of which such representation or warranty was
specifically made;

 

 
•  the performance in all material respects by Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub of their respective obligations required to be

performed by them under the Merger Agreement at or prior to the Effective Time; and
 

 
•  receipt of certificates executed by executive officers of Xactly, on the one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub, on the other

hand, to the effect that the conditions described in the preceding two bullets have been satisfied.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the adoption of the
Merger Agreement by stockholders, in the following ways:
 

 •  by mutual written agreement of Xactly and Parent;
 

 •  by either Xactly or Parent if:
 

 

•  prior to the Effective Time, (1) any permanent injunction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition
preventing the consummation of the Merger is in effect, that, prohibits, makes illegal or enjoins the consummation
of the Merger and has become final and non-appealable; or (2) any statute, rule, regulation or order is enacted,
entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger that prohibits, makes illegal or enjoins the consummation of
the Merger;

 

 
•  the Merger has not been consummated by 11: 59 p.m., Pacific time, on November 29, 2017 (the “Termination

Date”); or
 

 
•  stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement

thereof;
 

 •  by Xactly if:
 

 

•  Parent or Merger Sub has breached or failed to perform any of its respective representations, warranties,
covenants or other agreements set forth in the Merger Agreement such that certain conditions set forth in the
Merger Agreement are not satisfied, and such breach is not capable of being cured, or is not cured, before the
earlier of the Termination Date or the date that is 45 calendar days following Xactly’s delivery of written notice of
such breach; or

 

 

•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders and so long as Xactly is not then in material
breach of its obligations related to Acquisition Proposals and Superior Proposals, in order to enter into a definitive
agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to
Xactly paying to Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million; and

 

 •  by Parent if:
 

 
•  Xactly has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements set

forth in the Merger Agreement such that certain conditions set forth in the Merger
 

 
12



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 21/205

Table of Contents

 
Agreement are not satisfied and such breach is not capable of being cured, or is not cured, before the earlier of the
Termination Date or the date that is 45 calendar days following Parent’s delivery of written notice of such breach;
or

 

 
•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, the Board of Directors withdraws its

recommendation that stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement (except that such right to terminate will expire at
5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on the 10th business day following such withdrawal).

Termination Fee and Expense Reimbursement

Except in specified circumstances, whether or not the Merger is completed, Xactly, on the one hand, and Parent and Merger
Sub, on the other hand, are each responsible for all of their respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger
and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Xactly will be required to pay to Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million if the Merger Agreement is terminated under
specified circumstances. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement—Termination Fee.”

Specific Performance

Parent, Merger Sub and Xactly are entitled to an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent
breaches (or threatened breaches) of the Merger Agreement and to enforce the terms of the Merger Agreement, in addition to any
other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition, Xactly is also entitled to seek an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief to cause the equity financing to be funded on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth
in the Equity Commitment Letter.
 

 
13



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 22/205

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following questions and answers address some commonly asked questions regarding the Merger, the Merger Agreement and
the Special Meeting. These questions and answers may not address all questions that are important to you. You should carefully read
and consider the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement,
including, but not limited to, the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents we refer to in this proxy statement, as they
contain important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. You may obtain the information
incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the caption, “Where You Can Find
More Information.”

 
Q: Why am I receiving these materials?
 

A: The Board of Directors is furnishing this proxy statement and form of proxy card to the holders of shares of common stock in
connection with the solicitation of proxies to be voted at the Special Meeting.

 
Q: What am I being asked to vote on at the Special Meeting?
 

A: You are being asked to vote on the following proposals:
 

 
•  to adopt the Merger Agreement pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into Xactly, and Xactly will become a

wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent; and
 

 
•  to approve the adjournment of the Special Meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional

proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

 
Q: When and where is the Special Meeting?
 

A: The Special Meeting will take place on Friday, July 28, 2017, at Xactly’s headquarters, located at 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700,
San Jose, California 95110, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote at the Special Meeting?
 

A: Stockholders as of the Record Date are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting. Each holder of
shares of common stock is entitled to cast one vote on each matter properly brought before the Special Meeting for each share of
common stock owned as of the Record Date.

 
Q: May I attend the Special Meeting and vote in person?
 

A: Yes. All stockholders as of the Record Date may attend the Special Meeting and vote in person. Seating will be limited.
Stockholders will need to present proof of ownership of shares of common stock, such as a bank or brokerage account statement,
and a form of personal identification to be admitted to the Special Meeting. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices,
large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the Special Meeting.

Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, to ensure that your shares will be represented at the Special Meeting we
encourage you to sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy
electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). If you attend the
Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot, your vote will revoke any proxy previously submitted.

If you hold your shares in “street name,” you should instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares in
accordance with the voting instruction form that you will receive from your bank, broker

 
14



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 23/205

Table of Contents

or other nominee. Your broker or other agent cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement, without your instructions. If you hold your shares in “street name,” you may not vote your shares in person at the
Special Meeting unless you obtain a “legal proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
Q: What is the proposed Merger and what effects will it have on Xactly?
 

A: The proposed Merger is the acquisition of Xactly by Parent. If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by
stockholders and the other closing conditions under the Merger Agreement have been satisfied or waived, Merger Sub will merge
with and into Xactly, with Xactly continuing as the Surviving Corporation. As a result of the Merger, Xactly will become a wholly
owned direct subsidiary of Parent, and our common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from the NYSE.
In addition, our common stock will be deregistered under the Exchange Act, and we will no longer file periodic reports with the
SEC.

 
Q: What will I receive if the Merger is completed?
 

A: Upon completion of the Merger, you will be entitled to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration of $15.65 in cash, without
interest thereon and less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of common stock that you own, unless you have
properly exercised and not withdrawn your appraisal rights under the DGCL. For example, if you own 100 shares of common
stock, you will receive $1,565.00 in cash in exchange for your shares of common stock, less any applicable withholding taxes.

 
Q: How does the Per Share Merger Consideration compare to the recent trading price of Xactly common stock?
 

A: The Per Share Merger Consideration represents a premium of approximately: (1) 17% to the closing price of Xactly’s common
stock on May 26, 2017, the last full trading day prior to public announcement of Xactly’s entry into the Merger Agreement; and
(2) 31% to the 3-month volume weighted average price of our common stock for the period ending May 26, 2017.

 
Q: What do I need to do now?
 

A: You should carefully read and consider this entire proxy statement and the annexes to this proxy statement, including, but not
limited to, the Merger Agreement, along with all of the documents that we refer to in this proxy statement, as they contain
important information about, among other things, the Merger and how it affects you. Then sign, date and return, as promptly as
possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying reply envelope, or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by
telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card), so that your shares can be voted at the Special Meeting,
unless you wish to seek appraisal. If you hold your shares in “street name,” please refer to the voting instruction forms provided
by your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares.

 
Q: Should I surrender my book-entry shares now?
 

A: No. After the Merger is completed, the payment agent will send each holder of record a check at such holder’s registered address
in payment for the shares of common stock represented by such holder’s book-entry shares.

 
Q: What happens if I sell or otherwise transfer my shares of common stock after the Record Date but before the Special

Meeting?
 

A: The Record Date for the Special Meeting is earlier than the date of the Special Meeting and the date the Merger is expected to be
completed. If you sell or transfer your shares of common stock after the Record

 
15



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 24/205

Table of Contents

 

Date but before the Special Meeting, unless special arrangements (such as provision of a proxy) are made between you and the
person to whom you sell or otherwise transfer your shares and each of you notifies Xactly in writing of such special arrangements,
you will transfer the right to receive the Merger consideration, if the Merger is completed, to the person to whom you sell or
transfer your shares, but you will retain your right to vote those shares at the Special Meeting. Even if you sell or otherwise
transfer your shares of common stock after the Record Date, we encourage you to sign, date and return the enclosed proxy
card in the accompanying reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the
instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card).

 
Q: How does the Board of Directors recommend that I vote?
 

A: The Board of Directors, after considering the various factors described under the caption, “The Merger—Recommendation of the
Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger,” has unanimously: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Xactly and its
stockholders; and (2) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the
adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to
adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

 
Q: What happens if the Merger is not completed?
 

A: If the Merger Agreement is not adopted by stockholders or if the Merger is not completed for any other reason, stockholders will
not receive any payment for their shares of common stock. Instead, Xactly will remain an independent public company, our
common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE and registered under the Exchange Act, and we will continue to
file periodic reports with the SEC.

Under specified circumstances, Xactly will be required to pay Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million upon the termination of
the Merger Agreement, as described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement—Termination Fee.”

 
Q: What vote is required to adopt the Merger Agreement?
 

A: The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to adopt the Merger
Agreement.

If a quorum is present at the Special Meeting, the failure of any stockholder of record to: (1) submit a signed proxy card; (2) grant
a proxy over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card); or (3) vote in person by
ballot at the Special Meeting will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If you
hold your shares in “street name” and a quorum is present at the Special Meeting, the failure to instruct your bank, broker or other
nominee how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If
a quorum is present at the Special Meeting, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the
Merger Agreement.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit

additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting?
 

A: Approval of the proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.

 
16



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 25/205

Table of Contents

The failure of any stockholder of record to: (1) submit a signed proxy card; (2) grant a proxy over the Internet or by telephone
(using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card); or (3) vote in person by ballot at the Special Meeting will not have
any effect on the adjournment proposal. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your bank, broker or other
nominee how to vote your shares will not have any effect on the adjournment proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a
vote “AGAINST” the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?
 

A: If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you are
considered, with respect to those shares, to be the “stockholder of record.” In this case, this proxy statement and your proxy card
have been sent directly to you by Xactly.

If your shares are held through a bank, broker or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner” of shares of common
stock held in “street name.” In that case, this proxy statement has been forwarded to you by your bank, broker or other nominee
who is considered, with respect to those shares, to be the stockholder of record. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to
direct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares by following their instructions for voting. You are also invited
to attend the Special Meeting. However, because you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares in person at
the Special Meeting unless you obtain a “legal proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
Q: How may I vote?
 

A: If you are a stockholder of record (that is, if your shares of common stock are registered in your name with Computershare Trust
Company, N.A., our transfer agent), there are four ways to vote:

 

 •  by signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope;
 

 •  by visiting the Internet at the address on your proxy card;
 

 •  by calling toll-free (within the U.S. or Canada) at the phone number on your proxy card; or
 

 •  by attending the Special Meeting and voting in person by ballot.

A control number, located on your proxy card, is designed to verify your identity and allow you to vote your shares of
common stock, and to confirm that your voting instructions have been properly recorded when voting electronically over the
Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card). Please be aware that, although there is
no charge for voting your shares, if you vote electronically over the Internet or by telephone, you may incur costs such as
Internet access and telephone charges for which you will be responsible.

Even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, you are strongly encouraged to vote your shares of common stock
by proxy. If you are a record holder or if you obtain a “legal proxy” to vote shares that you beneficially own, you may still
vote your shares of common stock in person by ballot at the Special Meeting even if you have previously voted by proxy. If
you are present at the Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot, your previous vote by proxy will not be counted.

If your shares are held in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you may vote through your bank, broker or
other nominee by completing and returning the voting form provided by your bank, broker or other nominee, or, if such a
service is provided by your bank, broker or other nominee, electronically over the Internet or by telephone. To vote over the
Internet or by telephone through your bank, broker or other nominee, you should follow the instructions on the voting form
provided by your bank, broker or nominee.

 
17



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 26/205

Table of Contents

Q: If my broker holds my shares in “street name,” will my broker vote my shares for me?
 

A: No. Your bank, broker or other nominee is permitted to vote your shares on any proposal currently scheduled to be considered at
the Special Meeting only if you instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote. You should follow the procedures
provided by your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares. Without instructions, your shares will not be voted on such
proposals, which will have the same effect as if you voted against adoption of the Merger Agreement, but will have no effect on
the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed and dated proxy card?
 

A: Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the
Special Meeting by:

 

 •  signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it to us prior to the Special Meeting;
 

 •  submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier submitted proxy;
 

 •  delivering a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of Xactly; or
 

 •  attending the Special Meeting and voting in person by ballot.

If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name,” you should contact your bank, broker or other nominee for
instructions regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the Special Meeting if you obtain a “legal
proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee.

 
Q: What is a proxy?
 

A: A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote your shares of common stock. The written document describing the
matters to be considered and voted on at the Special Meeting is called a “proxy statement.” The document used to designate a
proxy to vote your shares of common stock is called a “proxy card.” Christopher W. Cabrera, our Chief Executive Officer and
Director, Joseph C. Consul, our Chief Financial Officer, and Colleen M. Pouliot, our General Counsel and Secretary, are the proxy
holders for the Special Meeting.

 
Q: If a stockholder gives a proxy, how are the shares voted?
 

A: Regardless of the method you choose to vote, the individuals named on the enclosed proxy card, or your proxies, will vote your
shares in the way that you indicate. When completing the Internet or telephone process or the proxy card, you may specify
whether your shares should be voted for or against or to abstain from voting on all, some or none of the specific items of business
to come before the Special Meeting.

If you properly sign your proxy card but do not mark the boxes showing how your shares should be voted on a matter, the shares
represented by your properly signed proxy will be voted: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the
adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to
adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: Please sign, date and return (or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone using the instructions provided in
the enclosed proxy card) each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive.

 
18



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 27/205

Table of Contents

You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement and multiple proxy
cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold your shares in more than one brokerage account, you will receive a
separate voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which you hold shares. If you are a stockholder of record and your
shares are registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy card.

 
Q: Where can I find the voting results of the Special Meeting?
 

A: If available, Xactly may announce preliminary voting results at the conclusion of the Special Meeting. Xactly intends to publish
final voting results in a Current Report on Form 8-K to be filed with the SEC following the Special Meeting. All reports that
Xactly files with the SEC are publicly available when filed. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “Where You Can Find More Information.”

 
Q: Will I be subject to U.S. federal income tax upon the exchange of common stock for cash pursuant to the Merger?
 

A: If you are a U.S. Holder (as defined under the caption “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger”), the exchange of common stock for cash pursuant to the Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, which generally will require a U.S. Holder to recognize gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount
equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received by such U.S. Holder in the Merger with respect to such shares
and such U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares of common stock surrendered in the Merger. Backup withholding tax may
also apply to the cash payments made pursuant to the Merger, unless the U.S. Holder complies with certification procedures under
the backup withholding tax rules.

A Non-U.S. Holder (as defined under the caption “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger”) generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to the exchange of common stock for cash in the
Merger unless such Non-U.S. Holder has certain connections to the United States. A Non-U.S. Holder may, however, be subject
to backup withholding tax with respect to the cash payments made pursuant to the Merger, unless the holder complies with certain
certification procedures or otherwise establishes a valid exemption from backup withholding tax.

You should read “The Merger—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger.” Because particular
circumstances may differ, we recommend that you also consult your own tax advisor to determine the U.S. federal income tax
consequences relating to the Merger in light of your own particular circumstances and any consequences arising under the laws of
any state, local or non-U.S. taxing jurisdiction.

 
Q: What will the holders of Company Options and Company RSUs receive in the Merger?
 

A: At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company Option, each Company Option that is
outstanding as of the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:

 

 

(i) for (1) any Vested Company Option and (2) any Additional Vesting Company Option, a cash amount equal to (i) the Per
Share Merger Consideration (less the exercise price per share, if any, attributable to such Company Option), multiplied by
(ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Additional
Vesting Company Option, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and

 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company Option, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the aggregate number of shares of Company
Common stock subject to such Unvested Company Option multiplied by (2) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger
Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price under such Unvested Company Option, which cash amount will
vest and be payable at the same time as the

 
19



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 28/205

Table of Contents

 

Unvested Company Option for which such cash amount was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to
any required withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its
affiliates (including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates; provided, however, that the payment of
such Cash Replacement Company Option Amount may be accelerated in the event the holder’s employment with Xactly is
(i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply
if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment
agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company Options and
has a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder
satisfying certain conditions.

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company RSU, each Company RSU that is outstanding
as of the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:

 

 
(i) for (1) any Vested Company RSU and (2) any Additional Vesting Company RSU, a cash amount equal to the Per Share

Merger Consideration, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and
 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company RSU, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the Per Share Merger Consideration
multiplied by (2) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU
immediately prior to the Effective Time, which cash amount will vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested
Company RSU for which such cash amount was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required
withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates
(including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates; provided, however, that the payment of such
Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount may be accelerated in the event the holder’s employment with Xactly is
(i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply
if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment
agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company RSUs and has
a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder
satisfying certain conditions.

The calculation to determine the number of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be
performed individually for each holder of a Company Option or holder of an award of Company RSUs, as applicable, and on an
award-by-award basis for any holder who holds more than one Company Option or more than one award of Company RSUs, as
applicable.

The determination of which Company Options and Company RSUs held by an individual holder thereof that will be converted
into Additional Vesting Awards shall be based on the relative vesting dates of the Company Options and Company RSUs held by
such individual such that such holder’s Cash Replacement Company Option Amounts and Cash Replacement Company RSU
Amounts shall be granted in exchange for Company Options and Company RSUs with the longest remaining vesting periods.

The descriptions above reflect the clarifications to the definitions of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting
Company RSUs as set forth in the amendment to the Merger Agreement dated June 20, 2017.

 
Q: What will happen to the ESPP?
 

A: The Merger Agreement provides that no new purchase periods will begin under the ESPP after May 29, 2017, and no individual
will be allowed to begin participating in the ESPP after May 29, 2017. In addition, ESPP participants will not be permitted to
increase the rate of payroll contributions to the ESPP from the rate in effect at the beginning of the current purchase period in
progress or to make separate non-payroll contributions to the ESPP on or after May 29, 2017. Any current purchase period that
would otherwise be

 
20



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 29/205

Table of Contents

 

outstanding at the Effective Time will terminate no later than five days before the date on which the Effective Time occurs. All
outstanding purchase rights under the ESPP will automatically be exercised no later than one business day before the Effective
Time (with such purchase rights subject to any pro rata adjustments that may be necessary if the current purchase period in
progress must be shortened), and the ESPP will terminate as of the Effective Time. Each share of common stock purchased under
the ESPP that remains outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled at the Effective Time and
converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration.

 
Q: When do you expect the Merger to be completed?
 

A: We are working toward completing the Merger as quickly as possible and currently expect to complete the Merger in the third
calendar quarter of 2017. However, the exact timing of completion of the Merger cannot be predicted because the Merger is
subject to the closing conditions specified in the Merger Agreement, many of which are outside of our control.

 
Q: Am I entitled to appraisal rights under the DGCL?
 

A: If the Merger Agreement is adopted by stockholders, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and who properly demand appraisal of their shares will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger
under Section 262 of the DGCL. This means that holders of shares of common stock are entitled to have their shares appraised by
the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares of common stock, exclusive of
any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest to be paid on the
amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the court. However, the Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss
appraisal proceedings as to all stockholders who asserted appraisal rights unless (a) the total number of shares for which appraisal
rights have been pursued and perfected exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as measured in
accordance with subsection (g) of Section 262; or (b) the value of the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of the
shares of Company Common Stock for which appraisal rights have been pursued and perfected exceeds $1 million. Stockholders
who wish to seek appraisal of their shares are in any case encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to the
exercise of appraisal rights due to the complexity of the appraisal process. The DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal rights
are described in additional detail in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Appraisal Rights,” and the
relevant section of the DGCL regarding appraisal rights is reproduced in Annex C to this proxy statement.

 
Q: Do any of Xactly’s directors or officers have interests in the Merger that may differ from those of Xactly’s stockholders

generally?
 

A: Yes. In considering the recommendation of the Board of Directors with respect to the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement,
you should be aware that our directors and executive officers may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in
addition to, the interests of stockholders generally. In: (1) evaluating and negotiating the Merger Agreement; (2) approving the
Merger Agreement and the Merger; and (3) recommending that the Merger Agreement be adopted by stockholders, the Board of
Directors was aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, to the extent that these interests existed at the time.
For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger.”

 
21



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 30/205

Table of Contents

Q: Who can help answer my questions?
 

A: If you have any questions concerning the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like
additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our
proxy solicitor:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.
48 Wall Street

New York, NY 10005
Call toll free: (800) 769-4414

 
22



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 31/205

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement, the documents to which we refer you in this proxy statement and information included in oral statements or
other written statements made or to be made by us or on our behalf contain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the
safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical
facts. You can typically identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words, such as “may,” “should,” “could,”
“project,” “believe,” “anticipate,” “expect,” “estimate,” “continue,” “potential,” “plan,” “forecast” and other words of similar import.
Stockholders are cautioned that any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and may involve significant
risks and uncertainties, and that actual results may vary materially from those in the forward-looking statements. These risks and
uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the SEC, including in our most recent filings on Forms
10-K and 10-Q, factors and matters described or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, and the following factors:
 

 
•  the inability to complete the Merger due to the failure to obtain stockholder approval or failure to satisfy the other conditions

to the completion of the Merger, including, but not limited to, receipt of required regulatory approvals;
 

 
•  the risk that the Merger Agreement may be terminated in circumstances that require us to pay Parent a termination fee of

$18.5 million;
 

 •  the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against us and others related to the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  risks that the proposed Merger disrupts our current operations or affects our ability to retain or recruit key employees;
 

 
•  the fact that receipt of the all-cash Merger consideration would be taxable to stockholders that are treated as U.S. Holders for

U.S. federal income tax purposes;
 

 
•  the fact that, if the Merger is completed, stockholders will forgo the opportunity to realize the potential long-term value of

the successful execution of Xactly’s current strategy as an independent public company;
 

 
•  the fact that under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Xactly is unable to solicit other Acquisition Proposals during the

pendency of the Merger;
 

 
•  the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Merger on our business relationships, operating results and business

generally;
 

 •  the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the Merger Agreement or the Merger;
 

 •  risks related to the Merger diverting management’s or employees’ attention from ongoing business operations;
 

 •  risks that our stock price may decline significantly if the Merger is not completed; and
 

 

•  risks related to obtaining the requisite consents to the Merger, including the timing and receipt of regulatory approvals from
various domestic or foreign governmental entities, as the case may be, including any conditions, limitations or restrictions
placed on these approvals, and the risk that one or more governmental entities (whether domestic or foreign) may deny
approval.

Consequently, all of the forward-looking statements that we make in this proxy statement are qualified by the information
contained or incorporated by reference herein, including: (1) the information contained under this caption; and (2) the information
contained under the caption, “Risk Factors,” and information in our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our
most recent filings on Forms 10-K and 10-Q. No assurance can be given that these are all of the factors that could cause actual results
to vary materially from the forward-looking statements.

Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking statements, whether as a
result of new information, future events or otherwise. Stockholders are advised to consult any future
disclosures that we make on related subjects as may be detailed in our other filings made from time to time with the SEC.
 

23



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 32/205

Table of Contents

THE SPECIAL MEETING

The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors for use at the Special Meeting.

Date, Time and Place

We will hold the Special Meeting on Friday, July 28, 2017, at Xactly’s headquarters, located at 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San
Jose, California 95110, at 9:00 a.m. Pacific time.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the Special Meeting, we will ask stockholders to vote on proposals to: (1) adopt the Merger Agreement; and (2) adjourn the
Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement
at the time of the Special Meeting.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Only stockholders of record as of the Record Date are entitled to notice of the Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting.
A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting will be available at our principal executive offices located at 300 Park
Avenue, Suite 1700, San Jose, California 95110, during regular business hours for a period of no less than ten days before the Special
Meeting and at the place of the Special Meeting during the meeting.

As of the Record Date, there were 32,212,469 shares of common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.

The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by
proxy, will constitute a quorum at the Special Meeting. In the event that a quorum is not present at the Special Meeting, it is expected
that the meeting will be adjourned to solicit additional proxies.

Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock is required to adopt the Merger
Agreement. Adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders is a condition to the closing of the Merger.

Approval of the proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the voting power of the shares present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.

If a stockholder abstains from voting, that abstention will have the same effect as if the stockholder voted “AGAINST” the
proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. For stockholders who attend the meeting or are represented by proxy and abstain from
voting, the abstention will have the same effect as if the stockholder voted “AGAINST” any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting
to a later date to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special
Meeting.

Each “broker non-vote” will also count as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, but will have no
effect on any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt
the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. A “broker non-vote” generally occurs when a bank, broker or other nominee
holding shares on your behalf does not vote on a proposal because the bank, broker or other nominee has not received your voting
instructions and lacks discretionary power to vote the shares. “Broker non-votes,” if any, will be counted for the purpose of
determining whether a quorum is present.
 

24



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 33/205

Table of Contents

Shares Held by Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the Record Date, our directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate,
5,968,511 shares of common stock, representing approximately 18.5% of the shares of common stock outstanding on the Record Date.

Certain of our stockholders, including investment funds affiliated with certain directors, have entered Voting Agreements that
obligate them to vote all of their shares of common stock (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement and (2) “FOR” the
adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the
Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. As of the close of business on the Record Date, Xactly stockholders subject to
the Voting Agreements collectively have voting power over approximately 22.4% of the issued and outstanding shares of Xactly
common stock. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—The Voting and Support
Agreements.”

Our directors and executive officers have informed us that they currently intend to vote all of their respective shares of common
stock (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement and (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or
appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special
Meeting.

Voting of Proxies

If your shares are registered in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you may cause your
shares to be voted by returning a signed and dated proxy card in the accompanying prepaid envelope, or you may vote in person at the
Special Meeting. Additionally, you may grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone (using the instructions provided
in the enclosed proxy card). You must have the enclosed proxy card available, and follow the instructions on the proxy card, in order to
grant a proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone. Based on your proxy cards or Internet and telephone proxies, the proxy
holders will vote your shares according to your directions.

If you plan to attend the Special Meeting and wish to vote in person, you will be given a ballot at the Special Meeting. If your
shares are registered in your name, you are encouraged to vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person. If
you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot, your vote will revoke any previously submitted proxy.

Voting instructions are included on your proxy card. All shares represented by properly signed and dated proxies received in time
for the Special Meeting will be voted at the Special Meeting in accordance with the instructions of the stockholder. Properly signed and
dated proxies that do not contain voting instructions will be voted: (1) “FOR” adoption of the Merger Agreement; and (2) “FOR” the
adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the
Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

If your shares are held in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you may vote through your bank, broker or
other nominee by completing and returning the voting form provided by your bank, broker or other nominee or attending the Special
Meeting and voting in person with a “legal proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee. If such a service is provided, you may
vote over the Internet or telephone through your bank, broker or other nominee by following the instructions on the voting form
provided by your bank, broker or other nominee. If you do not return your bank’s, broker’s or other nominee’s voting form, do not vote
via the Internet or telephone through your bank, broker or other nominee, if possible, or do not attend the Special Meeting and vote in
person with a “legal proxy” from your bank, broker or other nominee, it will have the same effect as if you voted “AGAINST” the
proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement but will not have any effect on the adjournment proposal.
 

25



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 34/205

Table of Contents

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the Special
Meeting by:
 

 •  signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it to us prior to the Special Meeting;
 

 •  submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier submitted proxy;
 

 •  delivering a written notice of revocation to our Secretary; or
 

 •  attending the Special Meeting and voting in person by ballot.

If you have submitted a proxy, your appearance at the Special Meeting will not have the effect of revoking your prior proxy;
provided that you do not vote in person or submit an additional proxy or revocation, which, in each case, will have the effect of
revoking your proxy.

If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name,” you should contact your bank, broker or other nominee for instructions
regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the Special Meeting if you obtain a “legal proxy” from your bank,
broker or other nominee.

Any adjournment, postponement or other delay of the Special Meeting, including for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies,
will allow stockholders who have already sent in their proxies to revoke them at any time prior to their use at the Special Meeting as
adjourned, postponed or delayed.

Board of Directors’ Recommendation

The Board of Directors, after considering various factors described under the caption, “The Merger—Recommendation of the
Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger,” has unanimously: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Xactly and its stockholders;
and (2) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Accordingly, the Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption of the Merger Agreement;
and (2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient
votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

Solicitation of Proxies

The expense of soliciting proxies will be borne by Xactly. We have retained D.F. King & Co., Inc. (“D.F. King”), a proxy
solicitation firm, to solicit proxies in connection with the Special Meeting at a cost of approximately $10,000 plus expenses. We will
also indemnify D.F. King against losses arising out of its provisions of these services on our behalf. In addition, we may reimburse
banks, brokers and other nominees representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding soliciting materials to
such beneficial owners. Proxies may also be solicited by our directors, officers and employees, personally or by telephone, email, fax,
over the Internet or other means of communication. No additional compensation will be paid for such services.

Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger

Assuming timely satisfaction of necessary closing conditions, including the approval by stockholders of the proposal to adopt the
Merger Agreement, we anticipate that the Merger will be consummated in the third calendar quarter of 2017.
 

26



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 35/205

Table of Contents

Appraisal Rights

If the Merger is consummated, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and who properly
demand appraisal of their shares will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under Section 262 of the DGCL. This
means that holders of shares of common stock are entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to
receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as
determined by the court, so long as they comply with the procedures established by Section 262 of the DGCL. Due to the complexity
of the appraisal process, stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with
respect to the exercise of appraisal rights.

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined pursuant to
Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as or less than the value of the consideration that they would receive
pursuant to the Merger Agreement if they did not seek appraisal of their shares.

To exercise your appraisal rights, you must: (1) submit a written demand for appraisal to Xactly before the vote is taken on the
adoption of the Merger Agreement; (2) not submit a proxy or otherwise vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement;
and (3) continue to hold your shares of common stock of record through the Effective Time. Your failure to follow exactly the
procedures specified under the DGCL will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. The DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal
rights are described in further detail in the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Appraisal Rights,” and the relevant
section of the DGCL regarding appraisal rights is reproduced and attached as Annex C to this proxy statement. If you hold your shares
of common stock through a bank, brokerage firm or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with
your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by such
bank, brokerage firm or nominee.

Delisting and Deregistration of Xactly’s Common Stock

If the Merger is completed, the shares of Xactly’s common stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the
Exchange Act, and shares of Xactly’s common stock will no longer be publicly traded.

Other Matters

At this time, we know of no other matters to be voted on at the Special Meeting. If any other matters properly come before the
Special Meeting, your shares of common stock will be voted in accordance with the discretion of the appointed proxy holders.

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on Friday, July 28,
2017

The proxy statement is available at http://investors.xactlycorp.com.

Householding of Special Meeting Materials

Unless we have received contrary instructions, we may send a single copy of this proxy statement to any household at which two
or more stockholders reside if we believe the stockholders are members of the same family. Each stockholder in the household will
continue to receive a separate proxy card. This process, known as “householding,” reduces the volume of duplicate information
received at your household and helps to reduce our expenses.

If you would like to receive your own set of our disclosure documents this year or in future years, please contact us using the
instructions set forth below. Similarly, if you share an address with another stockholder and
 

27



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 36/205

Table of Contents

together both of you would like to receive only a single set of our disclosure documents, please contact us using the instructions set
forth below.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may contact us by writing to Xactly’s Investor Relations at 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700,
San Jose, California 95110. Eligible stockholders of record receiving multiple copies of this proxy statement can request householding
by contacting us in the same manner. If a bank, broker or other nominee holds your shares, please contact your bank, broker or other
nominee directly.

Questions and Additional Information

If you have any questions concerning the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like
additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our proxy
solicitor:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.
48 Wall Street

New York, NY 10005
Call toll free: (800) 769-4414

 
28



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 37/205

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

This discussion of the Merger is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Merger Agreement, which is attached to this proxy
statement as Annex A and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. You should carefully read and consider the entire
Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger, because this document contains important information about
the Merger and how it affects you.

Parties Involved in the Merger

Xactly Corporation
300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700
San Jose, California, 95110

Headquartered in San Jose, California, Xactly is a leading provider of enterprise-class, cloud-based, incentive compensation
solutions for employee and sales performance management. Named a leader in Gartner’s Magic Quadrant for Sales Performance
Management software, Xactly addresses a critical business need to incentivize employees and align their behaviors with company
goals. Our products allow organizations to make more strategic decisions, increase employee performance, improve margins, and
mitigate risk. Our core values are key to our success, and each day we’re committed to upholding them by delivering the best we can to
our customers.

Xactly’s common stock is listed on the NYSE, under the symbol “XTLY.”

Excalibur Parent, LLC
c/o Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC
Four Embarcadero Center, 20th Floor
San Francisco, California 94111

Parent was formed on May 25, 2017, solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt financing in connection with the Merger.

Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc.
c/o Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC
Four Embarcadero Center, 20th Floor
San Francisco, California 94111

Merger Sub is a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent and was formed on May 25, 2017, solely for the purpose of engaging in
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has not engaged in any business activities other than in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and arranging of the equity financing and any debt financing in connection
with the Merger.

Parent and Merger Sub are each affiliated with Vista Equity Partners Fund VI, L.P., and Parent, Merger Sub and Vista Fund VI are
each affiliated with Vista. Vista is a leading private equity firm focused on investments in software, data and technology-enabled
companies. At the Effective Time, Xactly, as the Surviving Corporation, will be indirectly owned by Vista Fund VI.

In connection with the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, Vista Fund VI has provided Parent with an equity
commitment of up to approximately $567.2 million in cash, which will be available to fund the aggregate purchase price and, together
with cash on hand at Xactly, to pay the fees and expenses required to
 

29



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 38/205

Table of Contents

be paid at the Closing of the Merger by Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the
Merger Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Financing of the Merger.”

Effect of the Merger

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Xactly, with Xactly
continuing as the Surviving Corporation. As a result of the Merger, Xactly will become a wholly owned direct subsidiary of Parent, and
our common stock will no longer be publicly traded and will be delisted from the NYSE. In addition, our common stock will be
deregistered under the Exchange Act, and we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC. If the Merger is completed, you will not
own any shares of the capital stock of the Surviving Corporation.

The Effective Time will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (or at
such later time as we, Parent and Merger Sub may agree and specify in the certificate of merger).

Effect on Xactly if the Merger is Not Completed

If the Merger Agreement is not adopted by stockholders, or if the Merger is not completed for any other reason:
 

 
(i) the stockholders will not be entitled to, nor will they receive, any payment for their respective shares of common stock

pursuant to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
(ii) (A) Xactly will remain an independent public company, (B) Xactly’s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on

the NYSE and registered under the Exchange Act, and (C) Xactly will continue to file periodic reports with the SEC;
 

 

(iii) we anticipate that (A) management will operate the business in a manner similar to that in which it is being operated today
and (B) stockholders will be subject to similar types of risks and uncertainties as those to which they are currently subject,
including, but not limited to, risks and uncertainties with respect Xactly’s business, prospects or results of operations, as such
may be affected by, among other things, the highly competitive industry in which Xactly operates and adverse economic
conditions;

 

 
(iv) the price of our common stock may decline significantly, and if that were to occur, it is uncertain when, if ever, the price of

our common stock would return to the price at which it trades as of the date of this proxy statement;
 

 

(v) the Board of Directors will continue to evaluate and review Xactly’s business operations, strategic direction and
capitalization, among other things, and will make such changes as are deemed appropriate (irrespective of these efforts, it is
possible that no other transaction acceptable to the Board of Directors will be offered or that Xactly’s business, prospects or
results of operations will be adversely impacted); and

 

 
(vi) under certain specified conditions, Xactly will be required to pay Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million upon the

termination of the Merger Agreement. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement captioned
“Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Termination Fee.”

Merger Consideration

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any stockholder, each share of common stock (other than Excluded
Shares, which include, for example, shares of common stock owned by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their
statutory rights of appraisal in accordance with Section 262 of the
 

30



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 39/205

Table of Contents

DGCL) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled and extinguished, and automatically converted into
the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, without interest thereon and less any applicable withholding taxes.

After the Merger is completed, you will have the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of each share of
common stock that you own (less any applicable withholding taxes), but you will no longer have any rights as a stockholder (except
that stockholders who properly exercise their appraisal rights will have a right to receive payment of the “fair value” of their shares as
determined pursuant to an appraisal proceeding, as contemplated by Delaware law). For more information, please see the section of this
proxy statement captioned “—Appraisal Rights.”

Background of the Merger

The Board of Directors regularly evaluates Xactly’s strategic direction, ongoing business plans and prospects with a view towards
enhancing stockholders’ value. As part of this evaluation, the Board of Directors has from time to time considered a variety of strategic
alternatives for Xactly, including the continuation of Xactly’s business plan as an independent enterprise, modifications to Xactly’s
strategy and product direction, potential expansion opportunities into adjacent and/or new business lines, including through
acquisitions of other businesses by Xactly, and a possible sale of Xactly to third parties.

While Xactly was preparing for its initial public offering in early 2015, the Board of Directors and management discussed several
alternatives that ranged from pursuing the IPO to investigating whether any strategic party would be willing to make an offer for
Xactly at an attractive price. In connection with these efforts, management met with representatives of J.P. Morgan in early 2015 and
engaged J.P. Morgan as financial advisor pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 20, 2015 (the “Engagement Letter”). Over the
next several months, at the request and direction of the Board of Directors, representatives of J.P. Morgan reached out to several
strategic parties to explore a possible sale of Xactly. All of the strategic parties were known to Xactly through various interactions over
the years and consisted of strategic parties which will be referred to as “Party A”, “Party B”, “Party C”, “Party D”, “Party E” and
“Party F”. During this process Xactly had confidentiality agreements with all of the parties, and while certain of these parties
conducted some level of due diligence, including attending Xactly management presentations, none of these parties reached the stage in
which they presented a formal offer to acquire Xactly that the Board of Directors considered more attractive than pursuing Xactly’s
IPO. On June 26, 2015, Xactly completed its IPO and commenced trading on the NYSE.

In July 2016, representatives of Vista met with Mr. Cabrera and Joseph Consul, Xactly’s CFO, on an unsolicited basis for an
introductory meeting and presented background information about Vista.

In August 2016, Party B reached out to the Xactly management team, conveying an interest in a potential combination and
indicating that they could potentially submit an offer for Xactly in October.

On September 2, 2016, at the request of the Xactly management team, representatives of J.P. Morgan met with the management
team to discuss Xactly’s business and prospects. During this conversation, management and the representatives of J.P. Morgan
discussed the outreach from Party B and the possibility of contacting other strategic parties in order to perform a market check.

On September 15, 2016, Mr. Cabrera reached out to representatives of Party B about connecting in October, and given the
schedules of the representatives of Party B, the parties agreed to meet in late October.

On September 29, 2016, Messrs. Cabrera and Consul met with a financial sponsor, referred to as “Party G,” at their request, for an
introductory meeting to discuss developments in the SaaS industry. During these discussions, the Xactly management team and the
representatives of Party G discussed Xactly’s business, its industry and the opportunities for collaboration between the parties. At the
conclusion of the meeting, Party G expressed an interest in continuing to discuss opportunities where the parties could work together in
the future, but did not indicate an interest in acquiring Xactly.
 

31



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 40/205

Table of Contents

On October 20, 2016, Mr. Cabrera and representatives of Party B participated in a conference call, where the representatives of
Party B expressed an interest to meet with Xactly. On October 31, 2016, representatives of Party B met with Mr. Cabrera and other
members of Xactly management. At this meeting, the representatives of Party B discussed an interest in a potential acquisition of
Xactly and the Xactly management team made a preliminary due diligence presentation to such representatives. Over the following few
weeks, Xactly and Party B shared various business and financial due diligence information.

On November 22, 2016, at a special meeting of the Board of Directors, with representatives of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati
Professional Corporation, outside counsel to Xactly, referred to as “WSGR,” and representatives of J.P. Morgan present, Mr. Cabrera
gave an update on the strategic transaction discussions with Party B. The representatives of WSGR then gave a presentation on the
fiduciary duties of the Board of Directors in light of a potential receipt of a proposal and, if the Board of Directors elected to do so, the
pursuit of a potential strategic transaction. The Board of Directors discussed Xactly’s strategic alternatives. In order to assist the Board
in overseeing and directing management in connection with the consideration of Xactly’s strategic alternatives, the Board of Directors
formed a Transactions Committee of the Board of Directors (the “Transactions Committee”) comprised of Mr. Cabrera, Gerald Casilli,
Neal Dempsey, Earl Fry and Scott McGregor.

On December 6, 2016, a representative of Party B communicated to Mr. Cabrera by telephone that Party B was not going to
submit an indication of interest in acquiring Xactly at that time, but that Party B would again consider making a proposal in early 2017.
On December 14, 2016, a representative of Party B provided additional background to Mr. Cabrera about Party B’s decision by
telephone, and indicated that while there was significant support within Party B for a proposal to acquire Xactly, Party B would need to
wait until the February 2017 timeframe before it could reconsider engaging with Xactly in any acquisition proposal discussion, in part
due to a desire to see the financial results for the end of the fiscal year for both Xactly and Party B.

On December 13, 2016, at a regularly scheduled Board meeting at which a representative of WSGR was present, Mr. Cabrera
provided the Board of Directors with an update on the status of discussions with representatives of Party B and discussed with the
Board of Directors general strategic planning and potential acquisitions. On January 23, 2017, at a regularly scheduled telephonic
Board meeting at which a representative of WSGR was present, the Xactly management team presented on, and the Board of Directors
approved the adoption of, Xactly’s annual operating plan for fiscal 2018.

On February 24, 2017, Mr. Cabrera and a representative of Party B had an additional update call. During this call, the
representative of Party B noted that though Party B’s interest in Xactly was still a priority, Party B wanted to continue to conduct more
financial due diligence on Xactly to better understand Xactly’s cost and margin structure. The representative of Party B and
Mr. Cabrera agreed that they would set up a follow-up meeting for such due diligence in a few weeks, and the representative also made
it clear that given current timing, that the earliest that any forthcoming acquisition proposal would be considered by Party B would be
during the second quarter of Xactly’s fiscal 2018.

Over the course of February and March, Xactly management had periodic update communications with J.P. Morgan. In addition,
with the approval of the Transactions Committee, Xactly and J.P. Morgan entered into an amendment, dated March 1, 2017, which
extended J. P. Morgan’s term as a financial advisor under the parties’ Engagement Letter since the term provided for in the original
engagement had expired. Subsequently, on March 3, 2017, after consultation with the Transactions Committee, management of Xactly
directed J.P. Morgan to reach out to a number of strategic parties with the goal of determining whether any party would be interested in
making an acquisition proposal for Xactly. Management and the Transactions Committee were motivated to conduct outreach given the
business environment that Xactly was facing and by a belief that Party B may be more inclined to move forward with a proposal if
there was competition and other interest in Xactly. As a result, at the direction of the Board of Directors, J.P. Morgan contacted Parties
C, D, E, F and two additional strategic parties, “Party H” and “Party I” during the week of March 6, 2017. Later in March each of
Parties C, D, F and H
 

32



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 41/205

Table of Contents

communicated to J.P. Morgan that they would pass on the opportunity and there was no interest in further strategic discussions with
Xactly.

On March 14, 2017, Messrs. Cabrera, Consul, Evan Ellis, Xactly’s President and COO, and Mark Salvador, Xactly’s VP of
Finance, held the previously scheduled meeting with representatives of Party B in order to provide an update on Xactly’s business. The
meeting focused on the financial and operational results of Xactly and there was no definitive update given by the representatives of
Party B to the Xactly management team about any interest in a strategic acquisition given the prior messaging that any such
consideration would occur after the end of Xactly’s first quarter of fiscal 2018.

On March 16, 2017, in response to the earlier outreach from J.P. Morgan, Party I communicated to representatives of J.P. Morgan
that Party I would be interested in learning more about Xactly, and Party I requested a meeting with Xactly management, which was
scheduled for April 4, 2017. Xactly and Party I negotiated and executed a mutual confidentiality agreement on March 24, 2017 in order
to facilitate such meeting. However, on March 31, 2017, the representatives of Party I communicated to representatives of J.P. Morgan
that Party I would need to cancel the scheduled Xactly management presentation given other strategic priorities of Party I, and Party I
did not offer to reschedule the meeting.

On March 19, 2017, Party E indicated to the representatives of J.P. Morgan that Party E itself would pass on the opportunity and
was not interested in engaging further about Xactly, but Party E noted that one of its affiliates, referred to as “Party J,” may be
interested in learning more about Xactly. On March 21, 2017, representatives of Party J followed up with the representatives of J.P.
Morgan to express Party J’s interest in Xactly and Party J requested a meeting with the Xactly management team. On April 3, 2017, J.P.
Morgan hosted at their offices a meeting with management of Xactly and representatives from Party J. The Xactly representatives gave
management business and financial presentations to the representatives of Party J. By April 11, 2017, representatives of Party J
indicated to the representatives of J.P. Morgan that they were not interested in pursuing strategic acquisition discussions with Xactly.

On March 23, 2017, at a regularly scheduled Board meeting at which a representative of WSGR and representatives of J.P.
Morgan were present, the representatives of J.P. Morgan presented a summary to the Board of Directors of the various outreach efforts
made to these strategic parties, noting, with management input, that Party B continued to be noncommittal as to whether it would make
an offer for Xactly after the end of Xactly’s first fiscal quarter. The Xactly management team also discussed with the Board of
Directors various headwinds that Xactly was experiencing in the marketplace, both from competitive and go-to-market sales strategy
factors. In particular, Xactly was subject to price competition at multiple levels, and was having to lower prices on its various SaaS
offerings to win deals at all sizes of customers. Management noted that while the revenue results appeared on track, the pipeline and
calculated billings were beginning to show some pressure. The Board of Directors and management discussed these matters in detail,
and in addition, discussed certain strategic alternatives, including potential acquisition targets, in light of the headwinds facing Xactly.

On April 11, 2017, Vista contacted Xactly on an unsolicited basis and proposed a dinner between their management teams to get
an update on Xactly’s business, especially given 13 of its portfolio companies were estimated, in the aggregate, to effectively be the
second largest customer of Xactly. On April 24, 2017, the dinner meeting occurred between Mr. Cabrera and the representatives of
Vista. At the meeting, the representatives of Vista told Mr. Cabrera that Vista was interested in acquiring and learning more about
Xactly. Representatives of Vista proposed that the parties enter into a mutual non-disclosure agreement to continue such conversations,
and that Vista had already engaged various third party advisors to conduct some external due diligence with respect to Xactly.
However, no specific acquisition proposal was discussed or made by Vista at the dinner. Vista and Xactly followed up by negotiating
and then signing a mutual non-disclosure agreement on May 1, 2017.
 

33



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 42/205

Table of Contents

On May 1, 2017, representatives of J.P. Morgan discussed with the Xactly management team various strategies for negotiating
with Vista, including reaching out to other financial sponsors to gauge any interests in an acquisition of Xactly. The representatives of
J.P. Morgan shared with Xactly a list of such potential financial sponsors who were active in the SaaS industry, which included Party
G.

The Board of Directors met on May 2, 2017, which was a previously scheduled meeting to discuss the business analysis requested
at the March 23, 2017 Board meeting. A representative of WSGR was present as well. During the meeting, the Board of Directors
discussed a number of matters including the interest expressed by Vista and the possibility of broadening the outreach to other financial
sponsors. The Board of Directors also reviewed the prior outreach efforts to the various strategic parties, and the fact that none had led
to acquisition proposals. At this time, the Board of Directors determined that outreach to additional financial sponsor parties would not
be prudent given the disruption to the business and the need for management of Xactly to focus on the business. However, the Board of
Directors concurred with management and J.P. Morgan’s recommendation to continue the engagement with Vista and certain other
strategic parties. The Xactly management team presented to the Board of Directors a detailed discussion of the business and market
opportunity available to Xactly. Management also presented to the Board of Directors its initial assessment of the recently completed
first fiscal quarter of fiscal 2018, which had ended on April 30, 2017, and reiterated that Xactly had experienced a decline in calculated
billings in the first quarter that would likely lead to Xactly reducing revenue guidance for the fiscal year. The Board of Directors
discussed these results in detail given the ongoing initial interest expressed by Vista, including any resultant impact on the Xactly stock
price, and Xactly management discussed, and the Board concurred, with revising its FY2018 Original Base Case reflecting
management’s financial forecast for Xactly based upon certain assumptions regarding Xactly’s performance as set forth in the annual
operating plan for fiscal 2018 projections to reflect these developments to present to the Board of Directors shortly. After the meeting,
Xactly management began to prepare two additional projections: the Updated Case, which updates the FY2018 Original Base Case to
adjust for and reflect the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and the actual results of the first quarter of fiscal 2018, and the Lower Growth
Case to reflect a more conservative analysis of Xactly’s future performance.

On May 4, 2017, Xactly hosted various representatives of Vista for an all-day management presentation at WSGR’s offices in
Palo Alto with representatives of J.P. Morgan present. Messrs. Cabrera, Ellis, Consul, Salvador and Ron Rasmussen, Xactly’s CTO and
SVP of Engineering, presented to Vista concerning business, financial and technical aspects of Xactly, including the Xactly
management team’s FY2018 Original Base Case and the financial updates coming out of the recently completed first quarter of fiscal
2018. The representatives of Vista presented to Xactly and J.P. Morgan various due diligence requests that they had, and various
discussions were held among the parties over the following week to address these inquiries, including diligence sessions on May 10
and 11, 2017.

On May 22, 2017, as a follow-up to this process, Mr. Cabrera, a representative of J.P. Morgan and representatives of Vista held a
dinner meeting. At this meeting, the representatives of Vista indicated to Mr. Cabrera that they would be sending over an acquisition
proposal later that evening.

Later in the evening of May 22, 2017, Vista sent a written indication of interest to the Board of Directors and J.P. Morgan
reflecting a proposal to acquire Xactly for $15.00 per share in cash. In the written indication of interest, Vista noted that the proposal
would expire at 5:00 p.m. Pacific time on Monday, May 29, 2017. The indication of interest included a draft of a merger agreement,
together with drafts of an equity commitment letter and a limited guaranty, and various limited financial, tax and legal due diligence
request lists. The indication of interest noted that Vista was prepared to move quickly and Vista would be prepared to execute the
attached draft merger agreement upon completion of confirmatory legal, accounting and tax due diligence that Vista was prepared to
complete over the course of the next 72 hours. In addition, the indication of interest pointed out that the draft merger agreement, equity
commitment letter and limited guaranty were presented in a form that was based on precedents used in the take private transactions for
other recent acquisitions completed by Vista. In addition, the indication of interest was not subject to exclusivity prior to signing the
merger agreement and was not contingent on arranging third party debt or other financing. In the draft merger agreement, it was also a
 

34



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 43/205

Table of Contents

requirement for the transaction that entities affiliated with Alloy Ventures, Bay Partners and Rembrandt Venture Partners, which hold,
in the aggregate, approximately 23% of the outstanding shares of common stock of Xactly, enter into voting agreements with Vista in
support of the transaction, subject to customary terms. Vista also reiterated its prior assertion in the indication of interest that 13 of its
38 portfolio companies were customers of Xactly, estimating that, in the aggregate, these companies were effectively the second largest
customer of Xactly.

On May 24, 2017, the Board of Directors held a special meeting with members of the Xactly management team, representatives
of WSGR and representatives of J.P. Morgan. Mr. Cabrera summarized for the Board of Directors the recent offer presented by Vista
and discussed the status of discussions with various other strategic parties. Mr. Cabrera also provided a general business update,
including Xactly’s quarterly performance for the recently completed first quarter of fiscal 2018. A representative from WSGR then
discussed with the Board of Directors their fiduciary duties in the context of strategic transactions, including at the stage of evaluating
an initial acquisition proposal.

Representatives of J.P. Morgan then presented in further detail the written indication of interest received from Vista, focusing on
the terms of the offer and the various other efforts to generate interest from other potential bidders. The Board of Directors concluded
that the Vista offer price was attractive, and that it was unlikely that, given the lack of interest expressed to date, a strategic acquirer
would offer a better price. The Board of Directors, however, supported attempting to negotiate a higher price from Vista. The
representatives of J.P. Morgan then presented a preliminary financial analysis of Xactly based on the three sets of financial projections
that management had prepared and provided to J.P. Morgan, including the FY2018 Original Base Care, the Updated Case and the
Lower Growth Case, including the update for the first quarter performance. The Board of Directors discussed in detail the fact that
prior guidance would likely be lowered as a result of calculated billings as of the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2018, which Vista was
aware of, and Xactly’s stock price may materially decline once Xactly released earnings in early June 2017, which may reduce the
likelihood of any offer post-earnings announcement to be higher than the Vista offer. The representatives of J.P. Morgan concluded
with a discussion of the possibility of further potential outreach to various strategic parties and financial sponsors. The Board of
Directors discussed the likely futility of reaching out to financial sponsors at this time if the Board of Directors desired to proceed on
the timeline proposed by Vista, including the fact that no other financial sponsor had engaged with Xactly on any prior due diligence
efforts, including Party G. In addition, given the lack of inbound interest from financial sponsors, other than Party G, the fact that
Vista’s offer was not contingent on obtaining debt financing, and in light of the significant number of strategic parties that were reached
out to throughout this process, the Board of Directors concurred that obtaining a superior proposal from another financial sponsor
seemed remote in the proposed time period to negotiate a transaction with Vista and that there were significant risks to extending
negotiations with Vista. The Board of Directors instructed J.P. Morgan to reach out to Party B and Party I to determine whether they
had any interest in an acquisition of Xactly, but not to reach out to any other parties given the recent lack of interest by a number of
parties and the deadline imposed upon Xactly by the Vista offer, and in light of the fact that the proposal did include a “fiduciary out”
in the merger agreement that would allow any party that could present a superior proposal to do so following announcement of a
transaction with Vista. In addition, the Board of Directors instructed the Xactly management team to prepare an updated set of
projections, the Updated Acquisition Case, which would reflect higher revenue growth rates as compared to the other Management
Projections based on the assumed acquisition of an adjacent business in the second quarter of fiscal 2018 which, when coupled with
Xactly’s product offerings, may make its overall product offerings more attractive.

After these discussions management, including Mr. Cabrera, and the representatives of J.P. Morgan left the meeting and the Board
of Directors met in an independent executive session with a representative of WSGR to discuss a number of matters. During this
executive session, the Board of Directors also discussed the importance of maintaining the objectiveness of management throughout
the strategic process and agreed to reiterate to management to refrain from engaging in any discussions regarding their continuing
employment or reinvestment in Xactly prior to the signing of any potential transaction, which occurred following the meeting.

On May 24, 2017, following the Board meeting, Mr. Cabrera reached out to representatives of Party B to connect them with J.P.
Morgan in order to assess current interest of Party B in pursuing a transaction to acquire
 

35



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 44/205

Table of Contents

Xactly. After this telephone conversation, the representatives of Party B spoke to J.P. Morgan to coordinate a follow-up due diligence
call with Xactly.

In addition, on May 24, 2017, as instructed by the Board of Directors, J.P. Morgan separately reached out to Parties B and I to
indicate to them that if they had any interest in Xactly, that they should act quickly, and in no event later than May 28, 2017.

Throughout May 24 to May 26, 2017 negotiation and due diligence continued with Vista, and the representatives of J.P. Morgan,
at the direction of Xactly management, conveyed the message to Vista that the Board of Directors expected Vista to increase their offer
price in order to complete the transaction. On May 26, 2017, Vista reiterated to J.P. Morgan that their offer remained contingent on
signing a transaction by Monday evening, May 29, 2017.

During the morning of May 26, 2017, the Board of Directors held a special meeting with members of the Xactly management
team, representatives of WSGR and representatives of J.P. Morgan. Mr. Cabrera made a brief introduction and then representatives of
J.P. Morgan gave a detailed presentation to the Board of Directors about the outstanding Vista offer and J.P. Morgan’s message to Vista
that they would need to increase their offer price to complete a transaction, as well as the status of input from Party B and Party I. The
Board of Directors then discussed the next steps in the process with Vista and any other parties, the continuing strategy to maximize
stockholders’ value, and various strategies and methods by which it might seek to maximize stockholders’ value. Among the topics
discussed by the Board of Directors were, the parameters of engagement with Vista and Vista’s desire to move quickly to a negotiated
agreement; given the lack of other interest so far, the ability of other strategic and financial sponsor parties to conduct due diligence on
a competitive timeline, including Party B and Party I; the ability to use other strategic parties to assert competitive pressure on Vista
(and in turn, Vista on such other parties); recent transaction history of Vista; and the likely level of interest of Party B and Party I and
other potential parties that had not yet been contacted. J.P. Morgan then gave its preliminary financial view on Vista’s proposal to
acquire Xactly for a price of $15.00 per share and potential responses to Vista’s proposal. J.P. Morgan presented its preliminary
financial analysis of Xactly and indicated that its analysis was ongoing. J.P. Morgan discussed with the Board of Directors and
management of Xactly the three sets of financial projections that management had prepared and provided to J.P. Morgan: the FY 2018
Original Base Case, the Updated Case reflecting the results of the first quarter of fiscal 2018 and the Lower Growth Case. The Board of
Directors discussed these financial projections in detail and instructed J.P. Morgan to focus on the Updated Case which the Board of
Directors believed was the most realistic. The Board of Directors separately discussed the Updated Acquisition Case prepared by the
Xactly management team. For a discussion of these four financial projection cases, see “—Xactly Financial Projections” below.

After further discussion about the process and the other potential bidders, the representatives of WSGR then discussed with the
Board of Directors their fiduciary duties in the context of a strategic transaction. Representatives of WSGR then discussed with the
Board of Directors the disclosure letter that J.P. Morgan had previously provided to the Board of Directors, and the representatives of
J.P. Morgan presented to the Board of Directors certain engagements that J.P. Morgan had undertaken for Xactly, Vista and a portfolio
company of Vista within the past two years, all as set forth under “— Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.” The Board of
Directors acknowledged such engagements and was comfortable continuing to proceed with J.P. Morgan as Xactly’s financial adviser.
The Board of Directors then discussed conducting further market checks to see if any other parties would be interested in a transaction,
and representatives of WSGR and J.P. Morgan discussed with the Board of Directors asking for a “go-shop” provision in the
negotiations over the merger agreement to enable Xactly to sign the merger agreement with Vista but then have a set time to
affirmatively canvas the market post-signing. In addition, the representatives of WSGR discussed with the Board of Directors that the
draft merger agreement as delivered had a customary “fiduciary out” provision that allowed Xactly to terminate the agreement to
accept an unsolicited superior proposal post signing. Counsel from WSGR also reiterated with the Board of Directors that the draft
merger agreement and other ancillary documents presented with Vista’s written indication of interest were, in fact, in a form that was
already consistent with the negotiated
 

36



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 45/205

Table of Contents

precedent transactions, and it was counsel’s view that the negotiation over the agreements would not be contentious given the very
reasonable starting point of the Vista drafts—other than the few key items that were being discussed, such as provisions regarding
price, the size of Xactly’s termination fee, the “go-shop” provision and the treatment of options/RSUs. The WSGR representatives also
discussed the proposed voting agreements (which voting agreements terminated if the merger agreement were terminated, including to
accept a superior proposal) with the Board of Directors and the representatives of Alloy Ventures, director David Pidwell, a venture
partner of Alloy; Bay Partners, director Neal Dempsey, a managing partner of Bay; and Rembrandt Venture Partners, director Jerry
Casilli, a managing partner of Rembrandt. Each of these individuals confirmed that they believed the three firms would not object to
entering into the voting agreements with Vista, and WSGR would coordinate the review of each agreement with the venture firms.

After these discussions, J.P. Morgan left the meeting and the Board of Directors continued its meeting with members of
management and the representatives from WSGR at which they discussed a number of matters. Then, management, including
Mr. Cabrera, left the meeting and the Board of Directors met in an independent executive session with representatives of WSGR to
continue discussing a number of matters. During this executive session, all of the independent directors concluded that the Vista offer
was an attractive offer and they believed it was in the best interests of the Xactly stockholders to attempt to negotiate a successful
transaction with Vista, but to continue to push on price and certain of the other key terms of the transaction.

Later in the day on May 26, 2017, Party I communicated to the representatives of J.P. Morgan that Party I had no interest in
pursuing a possible offer for Xactly.

The follow-up call with Party B occurred on May 26, 2017, with Messrs. Cabrera and Consul and other representatives of Xactly
presenting the financial results to the representatives of Party B, including the recent first quarter of fiscal 2018 results.

By the evening of May 26, 2017, representatives of WSGR sent a markup of the draft merger agreement to Kirkland & Ellis LLP,
legal counsel to Vista. The comments sent by WSGR included the go-shop and other key provisions that had been discussed with the
Board of Directors. Throughout the day on May 27 and May 28, 2017, WSGR and Kirkland & Ellis, working with their respective
clients, and J.P. Morgan, acting on behalf of Xactly, continued to negotiate various terms in the draft merger agreement, including the
termination fee, and other ancillary documents and continued to complete the due diligence process.

After a further check-in between the representatives of J.P. Morgan and Party B, by late afternoon on May 28, 2017, the
representatives of Party B indicated to the representatives of J.P. Morgan that Party B had no interest in Xactly at this time and they
would not present any offer to acquire Xactly.

Also, by late afternoon on May 28, 2017, Vista, after having received and reviewed a number of their outstanding due diligence
responses from Xactly, had a call with representatives of J.P. Morgan to discuss the current financial terms. Based on the Board of
Directors’ request, Vista increased the per share offer price to $15.50, but they conditioned this increase in price on not having a go-
shop provision, they agreed to a breakup fee of approximately 3.25% of the equity value of the transaction, which was reduced from
their original proposal in response to negotiation, and they reiterated that they expected to sign the transaction on the evening of
May 29, 2017. In addition, the parties were attempting to come to resolution on the treatment of Xactly’s stock options and RSUs,
which discussions continued over the next day.

During the evening of May 28, 2017, the Board of Directors held a special meeting with members of Xactly management and
representatives of J.P. Morgan and WSGR. Mr. Cabrera confirmed for the Board of Directors that no discussions by Xactly
management regarding their continued employment had taken place to date. The representatives of J.P. Morgan summarized the revised
offer proposal that Vista had communicated to them earlier in the day, and also confirmed that Party B and Party I had communicated
that they did not intend to present an offer to acquire Xactly. The representatives of J.P. Morgan expressed to the Board of Directors
that
 

37



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 46/205

Table of Contents

the overall messaging from Vista was that any price increase from $15.50 a share would be a small increase. J.P. Morgan summarized
the other open points in the negotiations, including Vista’s rejection of the go-shop provision.

The representatives of WSGR then reiterated the Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties in connection with the possible sale of
Xactly. The representatives of WSGR summarized the terms of the draft merger agreement, including the open items surrounding price,
the go-shop, option and RSU treatment and the break-up fee amount, and summarized the other transaction documents, including the
equity commitment for the full purchase price, the Xactly-favorable definition of a material adverse event which acted as a closing
condition, risks around litigation, the fiduciary-out provision under which the Board of Directors could accept an unsolicited superior
proposal, the specific performance provision in the contract, the cap on certain damages of Vista if specific performance was not sought
or awarded, and a number of other terms and provisions. After this discussion of the specific terms of the Vista offer, the Board of
Directors revisited whether any other financial sponsors, especially those in the SaaS space, would be available to provide a better
acquisition proposal. The Board of Directors noted that Vista was unique in its understanding of Xactly given the extensive use by
Vista’s portfolio companies of Xactly’s software. The Board of Directors also noted that Party G had not contacted Xactly following
the initial meeting. Given Xactly’s experience with the other strategic parties and a lack of viable financial sponsors that would be
interested for all the reasons referred to above, and in light of Xactly’s pending earnings release and likely reduction in revenue
guidance and stock price, the Board of Directors instructed J.P. Morgan to continue to attempt to maximize the value of the Vista offer
and that the Board of Directors would ultimately be prepared to trade the go-shop provision for deal certainty at a higher price. The
representatives of J.P. Morgan and WSGR then summarized the timeline and steps for the next 24 hours to get to the signing of a
transaction if final terms could be agreed upon with Vista.

Later on May 28, 2017, the representatives of J.P. Morgan spoke to the representatives of Vista and conveyed that the Board of
Directors needed Vista to increase their offer price. The parties agreed to discuss pricing and the other terms of the offer the next day
after all other due diligence and contractual items were concluded.

Between the evenings of May 28 and 29, 2017, representatives of WSGR and Kirkland & Ellis worked to resolve the remaining
open issues in the draft merger agreement and the various ancillary transaction documents.

By the early evening of May 29, 2017, management of Xactly and representatives of J.P. Morgan spoke to Vista. Vista conveyed
their best and final offer of $15.65 per share, no go-shop provision and a termination fee provision of $18.5 million, or 3.25% of the
transaction equity value, based on the aggregate purchase price. Counsel then exchanged the final draft of the merger agreement
reflecting these terms along with the other ancillary transaction documents.

During the evening of May 29, 2017, the Board of Directors held a special meeting to consider the terms of the proposed
transaction with members of Xactly management and representatives of J.P. Morgan and WSGR in attendance. A representative of
WSGR addressed the Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties in connection with the sale of Xactly and then reviewed the terms of the draft
Merger Agreement circulated prior to the Board meeting, including updates from the previous evening and the resolution of the
previously open issues, such as the increased offer price of $15.65 per share, the break-up fee of $18.5 million, the rejection of the go-
shop provision and retention of the “fiduciary out” for unsolicited proposals and the proposed option and RSU treatment in the draft
merger agreement, among others. Representatives of J.P. Morgan then reviewed its financial analysis and then delivered to the Board of
Directors its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of May 29, 2017, and based upon and subject to the assumptions
made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of review undertaken by J.P. Morgan as
set forth in its written opinion, the consideration to be received by the holders of shares of common stock of Xactly (other than any
Excluded Shares) pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. For more information
about J.P. Morgan’s opinion, see below under the caption “— Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan
 

38



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 47/205

Table of Contents

Securities LLC.” The Board of Directors further discussed the terms of the proposed offer from Vista and the sufficiency of the
strategic review process. After discussing potential reasons for and against the proposed transaction (see below under the caption “—
Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger”), the Board of Directors unanimously determined that the
Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were fair to, advisable and in the
best interests of Xactly and its stockholders. The Board of Directors therefore unanimously adopted and approved the Merger
Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and recommended that Xactly’s stockholders
vote to approve the Merger Agreement at any meeting of the stockholders to be called for the purposes of acting thereon.

Later in the evening of May 29, 2017, the parties executed the Merger Agreement and the related agreements in connection with
the transaction, including the voting agreements with Alloy Ventures, Bay Partners and Rembrandt Venture Partners. On the morning
of May 30, 2017, the parties then issued a joint press release prior to the opening of the stock markets in the United States, announcing
the transaction.

Recommendation of the Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of the Board of Directors

The Board of Directors has unanimously: (1) determined that the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are fair to, advisable and in the best interests of Xactly and its
stockholders; and (2) adopted and approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote: (1) “FOR” the adoption the Merger Agreement; and
(2) “FOR” the adjournment of the Special Meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are
insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

Reasons for the Merger

In evaluating the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, the Board of
Directors consulted with the Xactly management, its financial advisor and its outside legal counsel. In recommending that stockholders
vote in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement, the Board of Directors considered a number of factors, including the following
(which factors are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  The Board of Directors’ belief that the all-cash Per Share Merger Consideration provides certainty of value and liquidity to

stockholders, while eliminating the effect of long-term business and execution risk to stockholders.
 

 
•  The relationship of the Per Share Merger Consideration to the trading price of the common stock, including that the Per

Share Merger Consideration constituted a premium of:
 

 
•  approximately 17% to the closing price of the common stock on May 26, 2017, the last full trading day prior to public

announcement of Xactly’s entry into the Merger Agreement; and
 

 
•  approximately 31% to the 3-month volume weighted average price of our common stock for the period ending

May 26, 2017.
 

 
•  The Board of Directors’ belief that, based on negotiations and discussions with Vista, the Per Share Merger Consideration

represented the highest price that Vista was willing to pay and the highest price per share value reasonably obtainable, each
as of the date of the Merger Agreement.

 

 
•  The Board of Directors’ understanding of Xactly’s business and operations, and its current and historical results of

operations, financial prospects and condition, including, more generally, the present competitive environment and business
climate of the SaaS industry.

 
39



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 48/205

Table of Contents

 

•  The perceived risks and benefits of a variety of strategic alternatives for Xactly, including: (1) the continuation of Xactly’s
business plan as an independent enterprise; (2) modifications to Xactly’s strategy; (3) potential expansion opportunities into
new business lines through acquisitions and combinations of Xactly with other businesses; and (4) the competitive landscape
and the dynamics of the market for Xactly’s products and technology.

 

 
•  The assessment that other alternatives were not reasonably likely to create greater value for stockholders than the Merger,

taking into account execution risks as well as business, competitive, industry and market risks.
 

 •  The multiples to revenues implied by the Per Share Merger Consideration.
 

 •  The Board of Directors’ consideration of Xactly’s strategic and financial alternatives, including that:
 

 
•  10 different parties and potential buyers, as well as Vista, were contacted or solicited during the process in an effort to

obtain the best value reasonably available to stockholders; and
 

 •  Of these bidders, only Vista made an offer to acquire Xactly, and the other bidders declined to submit offers.
 

 
•  The risk that a prolonged strategic review process could have resulted in the loss of a favorable opportunity to successfully

consummate the transaction with Vista, and was unlikely to yield a proposal that would be a material improvement to Vista’s
proposal.

 

 

•  The oral opinion of J.P. Morgan rendered to the Board of Directors at the meeting of the Board of Directors on May 29,
2017, confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated May 29, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to
the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be received by the holders of shares of Xactly
common stock (other than Excluded Shares, which include, for example, shares of common stock owned by stockholders
who have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL), pursuant to the
Merger Agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. The full text of the written opinion is attached as
Annex B to this proxy statement and is incorporated by reference in this proxy statement in its entirety. The opinion of J.P.
Morgan is more fully described below under the caption “—Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC.”

 

 
•  The Management Projections, prepared by our management and more fully described below under the caption “—Xactly

Financial Projections.” The Management Projections were also provided to J.P. Morgan and, with the exception of the
Updated Acquisition Case, were used for the purposes of the opinion described in the preceding paragraph.

 

 •  The terms of the Merger Agreement and the related agreements, including:
 

 

•  That the equity financing contemplated by the Equity Commitment Letter provided in favor of Parent was sufficient
to fund the aggregate purchase price and, together with cash on hand at Xactly, to pay the fees and expenses required
to be paid at the Closing of the Merger by Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub contemplated by the Merger Agreement,
and that Xactly is a named third party beneficiary of the Equity Commitment Letter;

 

 
•  The ability of the parties to consummate the Merger, including the fact that Parent’s obligation to complete the

Merger is not conditioned upon, nor limited by, the receipt of third-party debt financing or the completion of any
marketing period;

 

 
•  Xactly’s entitlement to specific performance to cause the equity financing contemplated by the Equity Commitment

Letter to be funded, whether or not Vista is able to procure any debt to finance the transaction;
 

 
•  Xactly’s ability, under certain circumstances, to furnish information to and conduct negotiations with third parties

regarding Acquisition Proposals;
 

40



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 49/205

Table of Contents

 
•  Xactly’s ability to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept a Superior Proposal, subject to paying Parent a

termination fee of $18.5 million and other conditions of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  The fact that the Board of Directors believed that the termination fee of $18.5 million, which is approximately 3.26%

of Xactly’s implied equity value in the Merger, is reasonable, within the market averages for such fees, and not
preclusive of other offers;

 

 •  Xactly’s entitlement to specific performance to prevent breaches of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  The likelihood of satisfying the conditions to complete the Merger and the likelihood that the Merger will be

completed;
 

 
•  The Board of Directors’ view that the Merger Agreement (1) was the product of arms’-length negotiations,

(2) contained terms and conditions which were favorable to Xactly and (3) was the result of a competitive solicitation
process; and

 

 

•  The fact that Vista Fund VI provided a limited guaranty in favor of Xactly that guarantees the payment of all of the
liabilities and obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, subject to an aggregate cap equal to
$36.9 million plus the Reimbursement Obligations (as described in the below section captioned “—Financing of the
Merger”).

 

 

•  The Board of Directors’ view that the terms of the Merger Agreement would be unlikely to deter interested third
parties from making a Superior Proposal, including the Merger Agreement’s terms and conditions as they relate to
changes in the recommendation of the Board of Directors (see the sections captioned in this proxy statement
“Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—No Solicitation of Other Offers” and “Proposal 1: Adoption of the
Merger Agreement—The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Changes”).

The Board of Directors also considered a number of uncertainties and risks concerning the Merger, including the following
(which factors are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  The risks and costs to Xactly if the Merger does not close, including the diversion of management and employee attention,

and the potential effect on our business and relationships with customers and suppliers.
 

 
•  The fact that stockholders will not participate in any future earnings or growth of Xactly and will not benefit from any

appreciations in value of Xactly, including any appreciation in value that could be realized as a result of improvements to
our operations or future strategic or other transactions by Xactly.

 

 
•  The requirement that Xactly pay Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million under certain circumstances following termination

of the Merger Agreement, including if the Board of Directors terminates the Merger Agreement to accept a Superior
Proposal.

 

 

•  The restrictions on the conduct of Xactly’s business prior to the consummation of the Merger, including the requirement that
we conduct our business in the ordinary course, subject to specific limitations, which may delay or prevent Xactly from
undertaking business opportunities that may arise before the completion of the Merger and that, absent the Merger
Agreement, Xactly might have pursued.

 

 
•  The fact that an all cash transaction would be taxable to Xactly’s stockholders that are U.S. persons for U.S. federal income

tax purposes.
 

 
•  The fact that under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Xactly is unable to solicit other Acquisition Proposals during the

pendency of the Merger.
 

 
•  The significant costs involved in connection with entering into the Merger Agreement and completing the Merger (many of

which are payable whether or not the Merger is consummated) and the substantial time and effort of Xactly management
required to complete the Merger, which may disrupt our business operations.

 
41



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 50/205

Table of Contents

 
•  The fact that Xactly’s business, sales operations and financial results could suffer in the event that the Merger is not

consummated.
 

 
•  The risk that the Merger might not be completed and the effect of the resulting public announcement of termination of the

Merger Agreement on the trading price of the common stock.
 

 •  The fact that the completion of the Merger will require antitrust clearance in the United States.
 

 
•  The fact that Xactly’s directors and officers may have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to,

those of Xactly’s stockholders (see below under the caption “—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger”).

 

 

•  The fact that the announcement and pendency of the Merger, or the failure to complete the Merger, may cause substantial
harm to Xactly’s relationships with its employees (including making it more difficult to attract and retain key personnel and
the possible loss of key management, technical, sales and other personnel), vendors and customers and may divert
employees’ attention away from Xactly’s day-to-day business operations.

The foregoing discussion is not meant to be exhaustive, but summarizes the material factors considered by the Board of Directors
in its consideration of the Merger. After considering these and other factors, the Board of Directors concluded that the potential benefits
of the Merger outweighed the uncertainties and risks. In view of the variety of factors considered by the Board of Directors and the
complexity of these factors, the Board of Directors did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative
weights to the foregoing factors in reaching its determination and recommendations. Moreover, each member of the Board of Directors
applied his or her own personal business judgment to the process and may have assigned different weights to different factors. The
Board of Directors unanimously adopted and approved the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement and recommends that stockholders adopt the Merger Agreement based upon the totality of the information
presented to and considered by the Board of Directors.

Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated March 20, 2015, as amended by a letter dated March 1, 2017, Xactly retained J.P. Morgan
as its financial advisor in connection with the Merger.

At the meeting of the Board of Directors on May 29, 2017, J.P. Morgan rendered its oral opinion to the Board of Directors,
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated May 29, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and
assumptions set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be paid to Xactly’s stockholders in the Merger was fair, from a financial point
of view, to such stockholders.

The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan dated May 29, 2017, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions
made, matters considered and limits on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex B to this proxy statement and is incorporated
herein by reference. The summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this proxy statement is qualified in its entirety by reference
to the full text of such opinion. Xactly’s stockholders are urged to read the opinion in its entirety. J.P. Morgan’s written opinion was
addressed to the Board of Directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes of its evaluation of the Merger,
was directed only to the consideration to be paid in the Merger and did not address any other aspect of the Merger. The issuance of J.P.
Morgan’s opinion was approved by a fairness committee of J.P. Morgan. The opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any
stockholder of Xactly as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the Merger or any other matter.

In arriving at its opinions, J.P. Morgan, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed the Merger Agreement, dated May 29, 2017;
 

 
•  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning Xactly and the industries in which it

operates;
 

42



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 51/205

Table of Contents

 
•  compared the proposed financial terms of the Merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions

involving companies J.P. Morgan deemed relevant and the consideration paid for such companies;
 

 
•  compared the financial and operating performance of Xactly with publicly available information concerning certain other

companies J.P. Morgan deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market prices of Xactly’s common stock
and certain publicly traded securities of such other companies;

 

 •  reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by Xactly management relating to its business; and
 

 
•  performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as J.P. Morgan deemed

appropriate for the purposes of its opinion.

In addition, J.P. Morgan held discussions with certain members of Xactly management with respect to certain aspects of the
Merger, and the past and current business operations of Xactly, the financial condition and future prospects and operations of Xactly,
and certain other matters J.P. Morgan believed necessary or appropriate to its inquiry.

In giving its opinion, J.P. Morgan relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly
available or was furnished to or discussed with J.P. Morgan by Xactly, Parent, Merger Sub or otherwise reviewed by or for J.P. Morgan,
and J.P. Morgan did not independently verify any such information or its accuracy or completeness and, pursuant to its engagement
letter with Xactly, did not assume any obligation to undertake any such independent verification. J.P. Morgan did not conduct or was
not provided with any valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor did J.P. Morgan evaluate the solvency of Xactly, Parent or
Merger Sub under any state or federal laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. In relying on financial analyses and
forecasts provided to J.P. Morgan or derived therefrom, J.P. Morgan assumed that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected future results of operations and
financial condition of Xactly to which such analyses or forecasts relate. J.P. Morgan expressed no view as to such analyses or forecasts
or the assumptions on which they were based. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement and in discussions with, and materials furnished to J.P. Morgan by, representatives of Xactly, will be consummated
as described in the Merger Agreement and this proxy statement. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the representations and warranties made
by Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement and the related agreements were and will be true and correct in all respects
material to its analysis. J.P. Morgan is not a legal, regulatory or tax expert and relied on the assessments made by advisors to Xactly
with respect to such issues. J.P. Morgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals
necessary for the consummation of the Merger will be obtained without any adverse effect on Xactly or on the contemplated benefits of
the Merger.

The projections furnished to J.P. Morgan for Xactly were prepared by Xactly management, who directed J.P. Morgan to primarily
focus its analysis on the Updated Case (as described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Xactly Financial Projections”)
as the basis of its opinion. Xactly does not publicly disclose internal management projections of the type provided to J.P. Morgan in
connection with J.P. Morgan’s analysis of the Merger, and such projections were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure.
These projections were based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the control of
management, including, without limitation, factors related to general economic and competitive conditions and prevailing interest rates.
Accordingly, actual results could vary significantly from those set forth in such projections. For more information regarding the use of
projections, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Xactly Financial Projections.”

J.P. Morgan’s opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made
available to J.P. Morgan as of, the date of such opinion. Subsequent developments may
 

43



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 52/205

Table of Contents

affect J.P. Morgan’s opinion, and J.P. Morgan does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm such opinion. J.P. Morgan’s
opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the consideration to be paid to Xactly’s common stockholders in the
Merger, and J.P. Morgan has expressed no opinion as to the fairness of any consideration to the holders of any other class of securities,
creditors or other constituencies of Xactly or the underlying decision by Xactly to engage in the Merger. Furthermore, J.P. Morgan has
expressed no opinion with respect to the amount or nature of any compensation to any officers, directors, or employees of any party to
the Merger, or any class of such persons relative to the consideration to be paid to Xactly’s stockholders in the Merger or with respect
to the fairness of any such compensation.

The terms of the Merger Agreement, including the consideration to be paid to Xactly’s stockholders, were determined through
arm’s length negotiations among Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub, and the decision to enter into the Merger Agreement was solely that
of the Board of Directors. J.P. Morgan’s opinion and financial analyses were only one of the many factors considered by Board of
Directors in its evaluation of the Merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Board of Directors or
management with respect to the Merger or the merger consideration.

In accordance with customary investment banking practice, J.P. Morgan employed generally accepted valuation methodology in
rendering its opinion to the Board of Directors on May 29, 2017 and contained in the presentation delivered to the Board of Directors
on such date in connection with the rendering of such opinion. The following is a summary of the material financial analyses utilized
by J.P. Morgan in connection with rendering its opinion. The following summary, however, does not purport to be a complete
description of the analyses or data presented by J.P. Morgan. Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include information
presented in tabular format. The tables are not intended to stand alone, and in order to more fully understand the financial analyses used
by J.P. Morgan, the tables must be read together with the full text of each summary. Considering the data set forth below without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the
analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of J.P. Morgan’s analyses. For each of the analyses performed by J.P. Morgan,
J.P. Morgan utilized the treasury stock method to calculate fully diluted shares outstanding.

Public Trading Multiples. Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan compared selected financial data of Xactly with
similar data for selected publicly traded companies engaged in businesses which J.P. Morgan judged to be analogous to the business of
Xactly. These companies were selected, among other reasons, because they are publicly traded companies with operations and
businesses that, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s analyses, may be considered sufficiently similar to those of Xactly based on business
sector participation, operational characteristics and financial metrics. However, none of the companies selected is identical to Xactly,
and certain of these companies may have characteristics that are materially different from those of Xactly. The companies selected by
J.P. Morgan were:
 

 •  8x8 Inc. (“8x8”)
 

 •  Apptio, Inc. (“Apptio”)
 

 •  Benefitfocus, Inc. (“Benefitfocus”)
 

 •  Callidus Software Inc. (“Callidus”)
 

 •  Cornerstone OnDemand, Inc. (“Cornerstone”)
 

 •  Five9, Inc. (“Five 9”)
 

 •  RealPage, Inc. (“RealPage”)
 

 •  Salesforce.com, inc. (“Salesforce”)
 

 •  SPS Commerce, Inc. (“SPS”)
 

 •  Workiva Inc. (“Workiva”)
 

44



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 53/205

Table of Contents

For each of the selected companies, J.P. Morgan calculated the multiple of firm value to estimated revenue for the 2017 calendar
year (in the case of Xactly, fiscal year 2018) (which we refer to as “CY2017E FV / Revenue”). The multiples were based on the
selected companies’ closing stock prices on May 26, 2017 and publicly available Wall Street analysts’ consensus estimates. The
following table represents the results of this analysis:
 

Selected
Company   

CY2017E
FV / Revenue 

8x8    4.0x 
Apptio    3.3x 
Benefitfocus    4.3x 
Callidus    5.7x 
Cornerstone    4.8x 
Five 9    6.8x 
RealPage    5.1x 
Salesforce    6.6x 
SPS    4.0x 
Workiva    3.8x 
Median    4.5x 
Company    4.0x 

Based on the results of this analysis and other factors J.P. Morgan considered appropriate, J.P. Morgan selected a multiple
reference range of 3.5x to 6.0x for CY2017E FV / Revenue, and applied this reference range to appropriate metrics for Xactly, as
provided by Xactly management in its Management Projections. This resulted in an implied equity value range of $11.25 to $18.25 per
share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the Updated Case, compared to (i) the closing price of Xactly’s common stock on
May 26, 2017 of $13.40 per share (which we refer to as the “Unaffected Price”), which was the last trading day prior to the public
announcement of the Merger, and (ii) the Per Share Merger Consideration of $15.65 per share. For informational purposes, and not for
purposes of valuation, J.P. Morgan noted the foregoing analysis resulted in (x) an implied equity value range of $12.00 to $19.50 per
share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the FY2018 Original Base Case and (y) an implied equity value range of $11.00
to $17.75 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the Lower Growth Case.

Selected Transaction Analysis. Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan examined selected transactions involving
companies that engaged in businesses which J.P. Morgan judged to be reasonably analogous to the business of Xactly or aspects
thereof. For each of the selected transactions, J.P. Morgan calculated the ratio of the target company’s firm value to the public estimates
of revenue for the 12-month period following the announcement of the transaction (which we refer to as “FV / NTM Revenue”).
Specifically, J.P. Morgan reviewed the following transactions:
 

Announcement
Date   Acquiror   Target   

FV / NTM
Revenue

March 6, 2017   CA, Inc. (“CA”)   Veracode Inc   4.6x
November 21, 2016   Oracle Corporation (“Oracle”)   Dyn Inc.   6.0x
September 8, 2016   Google Inc.   Apigee Corporation   4.6x
July 13, 2016

  
Thoma Bravo, LLC
(“Thoma”)   

Imprivata, Inc.
  

3.3x

June 2, 2016   Thoma   Qlik Technologies Inc.   3.6x
June 1, 2016   Vista   Ping Identity Corp   4.3x
May 31, 2016   Vista   Marketo, Inc.   5.9x
May 27, 2015

  
CA

  
Rally Software
Development Corp.   

4.2x

December 20, 2013   Oracle   Responsys, Inc.   6.8x
June 4, 2013   Salesforce   ExactTarget, Inc.   6.4x
 

45



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 54/205

Table of Contents

Based on the results of this analysis and other factors J.P. Morgan considered appropriate, J.P. Morgan selected a multiple
reference range of 3.5x to 6.5x for FV / NTM Revenue, and applied this reference range to appropriate metrics for Xactly, as provided
by the Xactly management in its Management Projections. This resulted in an implied equity value range of $11.75 to $20.25 per share
(in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the Updated Case, compared to (i) the Unaffected Price and (ii) the merger
consideration of $15.65 per share. For informational purposes, and not for purposes of valuation, J.P. Morgan noted the foregoing
analysis resulted in (x) an implied equity value range of $12.75 to $22.50 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the
FY2018 Original Base Case and (y) an implied equity value range of $11.50 to $19.75 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest
$0.25) for the Lower Growth Case.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. J.P. Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose of determining an
implied fully diluted equity value per share for Xactly’s common stock. In performing this analysis, J.P. Morgan used the forecasted
unlevered free cash flows for fiscal years 2018 through 2030 that were calculated using the Management Projections. J.P. Morgan
treated stock-based compensation as a cash expense in the unlevered free cash flow calculation for purposes of its discounted cash flow
analysis, as stock-based compensation was viewed by J.P. Morgan as a true economic expense of the business. J.P. Morgan also
calculated a range of terminal values of Xactly by applying perpetuity growth rates ranging from 2.5% to 3.5% to the unlevered free
cash flow of Xactly during the terminal year. The unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were then discounted to
present values using a range of discount rates from 9.5% to 11.5%, which were chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the
weighted average cost of capital of Xactly. The present values of the unlevered free cash flows and the range of terminal values were
then adjusted for Xactly’s cash net of debt. Based on the results of this analysis, J.P. Morgan arrived at a range of implied equity values
for Xactly’s common stock of between $9.50 and $14.50 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the Updated Case,
compared to (i) the Unaffected Price and (ii) the Per Share Merger Consideration of $15.65 per share. For informational purposes, and
not for purposes of valuation, J.P. Morgan noted the foregoing analysis resulted in (x) an implied equity value range of $14.00 to
$21.00 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the FY2018 Original Base Case and (y) an implied equity value range
of $7.25 to $11.00 per share (in each case, rounded to the nearest $0.25) for the Lower Growth Case.

Other Information.

J.P. Morgan also reviewed and presented other information and noted that such analyses are not valuation methodologies but were
presented merely for informational purposes.

J.P. Morgan noted that the 52-week trading range of Xactly’s common stock ending on May 26, 2017 ranged from a low of $9.73
to a high of $15.73 per share.

J.P. Morgan also noted price targets set by published equity research analysts for Xactly’s common stock prior to May 26, 2017
ranged from a low of $12.00 to a high of $20.00 per share.

Miscellaneous. The foregoing summary of certain material financial analyses does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses or data presented by J.P. Morgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible
to partial analysis or summary description. J.P. Morgan believes that the foregoing summary and its analyses must be considered as a
whole and that selecting portions of the foregoing summary and these analyses, without considering all of its analyses as a whole,
could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and its opinion. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting
from any particular analysis or combination of analyses described above were merely utilized to create points of reference for
analytical purposes and should not be taken to be the view of J.P. Morgan with respect to the actual value of Xactly. The order of
analyses described does not represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses by J.P. Morgan. In arriving at its
opinion, J.P. Morgan did not attribute any particular weight to any analyses or factors considered by it and did not form an opinion as to
whether any individual analysis or factor (positive or negative), considered in isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion.
Rather, J.P. Morgan considered the totality of the factors and analyses performed in determining its opinion.
 

46



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 55/205

Table of Contents

Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events beyond
the control of the parties and their advisors. Accordingly, forecasts and analyses used or made by J.P. Morgan are not necessarily
indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those analyses. Moreover, J.P.
Morgan’s analyses are not and do not purport to be appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which businesses actually could be
acquired or sold. None of the selected companies reviewed as described in the above summary is identical to Xactly, and none of the
selected transactions reviewed was identical to the Merger. However, the companies selected were chosen because they are publicly
traded companies with operations and businesses that, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s analysis, may be considered similar to those of
Xactly. The transactions selected were similarly chosen because their participants, size and other factors, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s
analysis, may be considered similar to the Merger. The analyses necessarily involve complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operational characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the companies
compared to Xactly and the transactions compared to the Merger.

As a part of its investment banking business, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated
underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other
purposes. J.P. Morgan was selected to advise Xactly with respect to the Merger and deliver an opinion to the Board of Directors with
respect to the Merger on the basis of, among other things, such experience and its qualifications and reputation in connection with such
matters and its familiarity with Xactly and the industries in which it operates.

For services rendered in connection with the Merger and the delivery of its opinion, Xactly has agreed to pay J.P. Morgan a
transaction fee of 1.5% of the total consideration payable to Xactly and its stockholders in connection with the Merger, $3 million of
which was payable upon delivery by J.P. Morgan of its opinion and the remainder of which is payable contingent upon the
consummation of the Merger. In the event that the Merger is not consummated and Xactly receives any break fee payment pursuant to
the termination, abandonment or failure to occur of the Merger, then Xactly will pay J.P. Morgan a fee equal to 20% of such payment,
less expenses payable by Xactly related to the Merger, but in no event will the payment to J.P. Morgan exceed the transaction fee that
would have been paid to J.P. Morgan if the proposed merger had been consummated. In addition, Xactly has agreed to reimburse J.P.
Morgan for its expenses incurred in connection with its services, including the fees and disbursements of counsel, and will indemnify
J.P. Morgan against certain liabilities arising out of J.P. Morgan’s engagement. During the two years preceding the date of J.P. Morgan’s
opinion, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates had commercial or investment banking relationships with Xactly, for which J.P. Morgan and such
affiliates received customary compensation. Such services during such period included acting as joint lead bookrunner on Xactly’s
initial public offering of equity securities in June 2015. During the two years preceding the date of J.P. Morgan’s opinion, J.P. Morgan
and its affiliates had commercial or investment banking relationships with Vista, which is the ultimate parent company of Parent, and
other portfolio companies thereof that are unrelated to the Merger, for which J.P. Morgan and such affiliates received aggregate fees of
approximately $12,000,000. Such services during such period included acting as financial advisor to an affiliate of Parent on its
acquisition of Solera Holdings, Inc. in December 2015. In addition, during such period, J.P. Morgan acted as bookrunner and lead
arranger for portfolio companies of Parent that are unrelated to the proposed transaction. In addition, as of the date of its opinion, J.P.
Morgan and its affiliates held, on a proprietary basis, less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of Xactly and none of the
outstanding equity interests of Parent. In the ordinary course of their businesses, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may actively trade the
debt and equity securities or financial instruments (including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of Xactly or Parent for their
own account or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities or
other financial instruments.

Xactly Financial Projections

Although Xactly does not, as a matter of course, publicly disclose its projections of its future financial performance, Xactly
provided certain prospective financial information to Vista in May 2017 based on forecasts
 

47



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 56/205

Table of Contents

previously prepared by Xactly management for fiscal 2018, which we refer to as the “FY2018 Original Base Case.” Based on results
from the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and the first quarter of fiscal 2018, Xactly management then prepared two additional sets of
projections on May 24, 2017. The second set of financial projections, which we refer to as the “Updated Case,” assumed an adjusted
revenue growth rate based on lower bookings in the first quarter of fiscal 2018. The third set of financial projections, which we refer to
as the “Lower Growth Case,” assumed a lower revenue growth rate based on the adjusted plan and a “bottoms-up” analysis of future
performance based on management’s analysis of opportunities; this Lower Growth Case presented a more conservative model for the
remainder of fiscal 2018. On May 24, 2017, during its meeting, the Board of Directors requested that Xactly management prepare a
fourth set of projections based on the Updated Case to reflect the potential acquisition of an entity in an adjacent business. We refer to
this fourth set of financial projections as the “Updated Acquisition Case.” We refer to the FY2018 Original Base Case, the Updated
Case, the Lower Growth Case and the Updated Acquisition Case, collectively, as the “Management Projections.” The Management
Projections were presented to the Board of Directors and, with the exception of the Updated Acquisition Case, were referred to by J.P.
Morgan in their advice to the Board of Directors during the strategic review process.

The Management Projections were the only financial forecasts with respect to Xactly provided by Xactly for use by J.P. Morgan
in performing its financial analyses during the strategic review process. As instructed by management, J.P. Morgan did not use the
Updated Acquisition Case in performing its financial analyses because the Updated Acquisition Case only presented the impact of a
potential acquisition which may or may not occur and was therefore deemed too speculative to provide a basis for the valuation of
Xactly. The FY2018 Original Base Case was the only financial forecast made available to Vista and certain other parties in their due
diligence review of Xactly. At management’s request, J.P. Morgan assisted management with the extrapolation of unlevered free cash
flow in the financial projections reflected in the Management Projections prepared by management.

Summaries of the Management Projections are set forth below.

FY2018 Original Base Case

In the normal course of business planning, Xactly management annually prepares, for internal use, certain unaudited prospective
financial information with respect to Xactly’s business plans for the immediately succeeding fiscal year (an “Annual Operating Plan”).
Xactly management prepared an Annual Operating Plan at the end of fiscal 2017, which was approved by the Board of Directors on
January 23, 2017. The FY2018 Original Base Case reflects management’s financial forecast for Xactly based upon certain assumptions
regarding Xactly’s performance as set forth in that Annual Operating Plan. The FY2018 Original Base Case was prepared on a stand-
alone basis and therefore does not reflect any effect of an acquisition of Xactly by Vista or any other party or any other strategic
transaction involving Xactly, nor does it reflect any acquisition by Xactly of another business. A summary of the FY2018 Original
Base Case is set forth below.
 

($ millions)   FY 2018E  FY 2019E  FY 2020E 
Total Revenue   $ 112  $ 135  $ 165 

% growth    18%   20%   22% 
Net Loss   $ (20)  $ (17)*  $ (9)* 

Depreciation and Amortization (“D&A”)    5   4   4 
Interest Expense    1   1   1 
Stock Based Compensation (“SBC”)    11   13   15 

EBITDA   $ (3)  $ 1  $ 11 
% margin    (3)%   1%   7% 

EBIAT   $ (8)  $ (2)  $ 6 
Plus D&A    5   4   4 
Less: Capital Expenditures (“Capex”)    (4)   (5)   (6) 
Less: SBC, net of tax    (11)   (13)   (15) 
Less: Change in Net Working Capital (“NWC”)    4   5   6 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (15)  $ (12)  $ (4) 
 

48



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 57/205

Table of Contents

 
* For the purposes of this proxy statement, Xactly has prepared and included additional GAAP financial items in order to provide the

reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP as discussed in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Non-GAAP Financial
Measures.” This information was not part of the Management Projections delivered to the Board of Directors and was not used by
J.P. Morgan for purposes of its valuation.

The Board of Directors also considered financial information extrapolated from the FY2018 Original Base Case for the period
fiscal 2021 through fiscal 2030, together with the derivation of unlevered free cash flow, as set forth below.
 
($ millions)  Extrapolations  
FYE January 31  FY21E  FY22E  FY23E  FY24E  FY25E  FY26E  FY27E  FY28E  FY29E  FY30E 
Revenue  $ 197  $ 237  $ 284  $ 341  $ 410  $ 477  $ 541  $ 593  $ 631  $ 650 
% growth   20%   20%   20%   20%   20%   17%   13%   10%   6%   3% 
EBITDA  $ 26  $ 46  $ 74  $ 90  $ 109  $ 128  $ 147  $ 163  $ 175  $ 182 
% margin   13%   20%   26%   26%   27%   27%   27%   27%   28%   28% 
EBIT  $ 20  $ 39  $ 65  $ 78  $ 94  $ 110  $ 126  $ 140  $ 150  $ 157 
% margin   10%   16%   23%   23%   23%   23%   23%   24%   24%   24% 
Less: Taxes  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 9  $ 39  $ 44  $ 49  $ 53  $ 55 
% tax rate   0%   0%   0%   0%   9%   35%   35%   35%   35%   35% 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

EBIAT  $ 20  $ 39  $ 65  $ 78  $ 86  $ 72  $ 82  $ 91  $ 98  $ 102 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Plus: D&A  $ 6  $ 7  $ 9  $ 12  $ 15  $ 18  $ 21  $ 23  $ 25  $ 25 
Less: Capex  $ (8)  $ (9)  $ (11)  $ (14)  $ (16)  $ (19)  $ (22)  $ (24)  $ (25)  $ (26) 
Less: SBC, net of tax  $ (16)  $ (18)  $ (21)  $ (23)  $ (23)  $ (17)  $ (18)  $ (19)  $ (21)  $ (21) 
Less: Change in NWC  $ 7  $ 8  $ 9  $ 11  $ 14  $ 14  $ 13  $ 11  $ 8  $ 4 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered free cash flow  $ 8  $ 26  $ 52  $ 65  $ 75  $ 67  $ 76  $ 82  $ 84  $ 84 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Updated Case

The Updated Case was prepared by Xactly management after further consideration of the FY2018 Original Base Case to adjust
for and reflect the fourth quarter of fiscal 2017 and the actual results of the first quarter of fiscal 2018 as compared to the estimated
results as reflected in the FY2018 Original Base Case. The change in the revenue projections reflects a decrease in billings in the first
quarter but otherwise assumes normal seasonality for the remainder of fiscal 2018, except for lower bookings in the second quarter of
fiscal 2018. The Updated Case was prepared on a stand-alone basis and therefore does not reflect any effect of an acquisition of Xactly
by Vista or any other party or any other strategic transaction involving Xactly, nor does it reflect any acquisition by Xactly of another
business. A summary of the Updated Case is set forth below.
 

($ millions)   
FY

2018E  
FY

2019E  
FY

2020E 
Total Revenue   $ 105  $ 122  $ 146 

% growth    10%   17%   19% 
Net Loss   $ (24)  $ (20)*  $ (13)* 

D&A    5   5   5 
Interest Expense    1   1   1 
SBC    11   12   13 

EBITDA   $ (7)  $ (2)  $ 6 
% margin    (7)%   (2)%   4% 

EBIAT   $ (12)  $ (7)  $ 1 
Plus: D&A    5   5   5 
Less: Capex    (6)   (7)   (8) 
Less: SBC, net of tax    (11)   (12)   (13) 
Less: Change in Net Working Capital (“NWC”)    6   4   5 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (18)  $ (17)  $ (10) 
 

49



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 58/205

Table of Contents

 
* For the purposes of this proxy statement, Xactly has prepared and included additional GAAP financial items in order to provide the

reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP as discussed in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Non-GAAP Financial
Measures.” This information was not part of the Management Projections delivered to the Board of Directors and was not used by
J.P. Morgan for purposes of its valuation.

The Board of Directors also considered financial information extrapolated from the Updated Case for the period fiscal 2021
through fiscal 2030, together with the derivation of unlevered free cash flow, as set forth below.
 
($ millions)  Extrapolations  
FYE January 31  FY21E  FY22E  FY23E  FY24E  FY25E  FY26E  FY27E  FY28E  FY29E  FY30E 
Revenue  $ 172  $ 203  $ 240  $ 283  $ 334  $ 384  $ 430  $ 469  $ 497  $ 512 
% growth   18%   18%   18%   18%   18%   15%   12%   9%   6%   3% 
EBITDA  $ 15  $ 28  $ 46  $ 68  $ 81  $ 95  $ 108  $ 119  $ 128  $ 133 
% margin   9%   14%   19%   24%   24%   25%   25%   25%   26%   26% 
EBIT  $ 9  $ 21  $ 37  $ 57  $ 68  $ 80  $ 91  $ 100  $ 108  $ 113 
% margin   5%   10%   15%   20%   20%   21%   21%   21%   22%   22% 
Less: Taxes  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 27  $ 35  $ 38  $ 40 
% tax rate   0%   0%   0%   0%   0%   0%   30%   35%   35%   35% 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

EBIAT  $ 9  $ 21  $ 37  $ 57  $ 68  $ 80  $ 63  $ 65  $ 70  $ 73 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Plus: D&A  $ 6  $ 7  $ 9  $ 11  $ 13  $ 15  $ 17  $ 18  $ 19  $ 20 
Less: Capex  $ (9)  $ (10)  $ (11)  $ (13)  $ (15)  $ (16)  $ (17)  $ (19)  $ (20)  $ (20) 
Less: SBC, net of tax  $ (15)  $ (16)  $ (18)  $ (19)  $ (21)  $ (22)  $ (15)  $ (15)  $ (16)  $ (17) 
Less: Change in NWC  $ 5  $ 6  $ 7  $ 9  $ 10  $ 10  $ 9  $ 8  $ 6  $ 3 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered free cash flow  $ (3)  $ 9  $ 24  $ 45  $ 56  $ 67  $ 57  $ 57  $ 59  $ 59 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Lower Growth Case

In addition to the Updated Case, the Lower Growth Case was prepared by Xactly management to reflect a more conservative,
“bottoms-up” analysis of Xactly’s future performance. The Lower Growth Case presents a more conservative model for the remainder
of fiscal 2018 and assumes a lower revenue growth rate than the Updated Case and a “bottoms-up” analysis of future performance
based on management’s analysis of opportunities. The change in the revenue projections assumes normal seasonality for the remainder
of fiscal 2018, except for lower bookings in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The Lower Growth Case was prepared on a stand-alone
basis and therefore does not reflect any effect of an acquisition of Xactly by Vista or any other party or any other strategic transaction
involving Xactly, nor does it reflect any acquisition by Xactly of another business. A summary of the Lower Growth Case is set forth
below.
 

($ millions)   
FY

2018E  
FY

2019E  
FY

2020E 
Total Revenue   $ 102  $ 118  $ 139 

% growth    7%   15%   18% 
Net Loss   $ (23)  $ (21)*  $ (15)* 

D&A    5   5   5 
Interest Expense    1   1   1 
SBC    11   12   13 

EBITDA   $ (6)  $ (3)  $ 4 
% margin    (6)%   (3)%   3% 

EBIAT   $ (11)  $ (8)  $ (1) 
Plus: D&A    5   5   5 
Less: Capex    (6)   (6)   (7) 
Less: SBC, net of tax    (11)   (12)   (13) 
Less: NWC    5   3   4 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ (18)  $ (18)  $ (12) 
 

50



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 59/205

Table of Contents

 
* For the purposes of this proxy statement, Xactly has prepared and included additional GAAP financial items in order to provide the

reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP as discussed in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Non-GAAP Financial
Measures.” This information was not part of the Management Projections delivered to the Board of Directors and was not used by
J.P. Morgan for purposes of its valuation.

The Board of Directors also considered financial information extrapolated from the Lower Growth Case for the period fiscal 2021
through fiscal 2030, together with the derivation of unlevered free cash flow, as set forth below.
 
($ millions)  Extrapolations  
FYE January 31  FY21E  FY22E  FY23E  FY24E  FY25E  FY26E  FY27E  FY28E  FY29E  FY30E 
Revenue  $ 161  $ 187  $ 216  $ 251  $ 291  $ 330  $ 366  $ 396  $ 418  $ 431 
% growth   16%   16%   16%   16%   16%   13%   11%   8%   6%   3% 
EBITDA  $ 12  $ 23  $ 36  $ 54  $ 64  $ 74  $ 83  $ 92  $ 99  $ 103 
% margin   7%   12%   17%   22%   22%   22%   23%   23%   24%   24% 
EBIT  $ 6  $ 16  $ 28  $ 44  $ 52  $ 61  $ 69  $ 76  $ 82  $ 86 
% margin   4%   8%   13%   18%   18%   18%   19%   19%   20%   20% 
Less: Taxes  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 0  $ 23  $ 29  $ 30 
% tax rate   0%   0%   0%   0%   0%   0%   0%   30%   35%   35% 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

EBIAT  $ 6  $ 16  $ 28  $ 44  $ 52  $ 61  $ 69  $ 54  $ 53  $ 56 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Plus: D&A  $ 6  $ 7  $ 8  $ 10  $ 11  $ 13  $ 14  $ 16  $ 16  $ 17 
Less: Capex  $ (8)  $ (9)  $ (10)  $ (11)  $ (13)  $ (14)  $ (15)  $ (16)  $ (17)  $ (17) 
Less: SBC, net of tax  $ (14)  $ (15)  $ (16)  $ (17)  $ (18)  $ (18)  $ (18)  $ (14)  $ (14)  $ (14) 
Less: Change in NWC  $ 4  $ 5  $ 6  $ 7  $ 8  $ 8  $ 7  $ 6  $ 4  $ 3 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered free cash flow  $ (6)  $ 4  $ 16  $ 32  $ 41  $ 49  $ 57  $ 45  $ 44  $ 44 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Updated Acquisition Case

The Updated Acquisition Case was prepared by Xactly management at the request of the Board of Directors in order to reflect
higher revenue growth rates as compared to the other Management Projections based on the assumed acquisition of an adjacent
business in the second quarter of fiscal 2018. The Updated Acquisition Case assumed a $50 million acquisition in the second quarter of
fiscal 2018. The Updated Acquisition Case was prepared on a stand-alone basis and therefore does not reflect any effect of an
acquisition of Xactly by Vista or any other party or any other strategic transaction involving Xactly, nor does it reflect any other
acquisition by Xactly. J.P. Morgan did not present, nor consider for the purposes of its opinion, the Updated Acquisition Case in its
financial presentation to the Board of Directors on May 29, 2017. A summary of the Updated Acquisition Case is set forth below.
 

($ millions)   
FY

2018E  
FY

2019E  
FY

2020E 
Total Revenue   $ 124  $ 154  $ 186 

% growth    30%   24%   21% 
Net Loss   $ (30)  $ (26)*  $ (13)* 

D&A    5   5   5 
Interest Expense    1   1   1 
SBC    11   12   13 

EBITDA   $ (13)  $ (8)  $ 1 
% margin    (10)%   (5)%   0% 

 
* For the purposes of this proxy statement, Xactly has prepared and included additional GAAP financial items in order to provide the

reconciliation of GAAP to non-GAAP as discussed in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Non-GAAP Financial
Measures.” This information was not part of the Management Projections delivered to the Board of Directors and was not used by
J.P. Morgan for purposes of its valuation.

 
51



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 60/205

Table of Contents

Cautionary Statements Regarding Management Projections

The Management Projections included in this proxy statement have been prepared by Xactly management. The Management
Projections were not prepared with a view towards public disclosure and are included in this proxy statement only because the
Management Projections were made available to J.P. Morgan for use in connection with its financial analyses as described in this proxy
statement and the FY2018 Original Base Case was made available to Vista and other parties in connection with their due diligence
review of Xactly. The Management Projections were not prepared with a view to compliance with (1) US Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (“GAAP”); (2) published guidelines of the SEC regarding projections and forward-looking statements; or (3) the
guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective
financial information. Furthermore, KPMG LLP, our independent registered public accountant, has not examined, reviewed, compiled
or otherwise applied its procedures to the Management Projections and, accordingly, assumes no responsibility for, and expresses no
opinion on, them.

The Management Projections are forward-looking statements. For more information on factors that may cause Xactly’s future
results to materially vary, see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Forward-Looking Statements.” In addition, although the
Management Projections are presented with numerical specificity, they reflect numerous assumptions and estimates as to future events
made by Xactly management that they believed were reasonable at the time the Management Projections were prepared, taking into
account the relevant information available to Xactly management at the time. However, these assumptions and estimates are not facts,
and the Management Projections should not be relied upon as being indicative of actual future results. Important factors that may affect
actual results and cause the Management Projections not to be achieved include, among other things, general economic conditions,
Xactly’s ability to achieve forecasted sales, accuracy of certain accounting assumptions, changes in actual or projected cash flows,
competitive pressures and changes in tax laws. In addition, the Management Projections do not take into account any circumstances or
events occurring after the date that they were prepared and do not give effect to the Merger. As a result, there can be no assurance that
the Management Projections will be realized, and actual results may be materially better or worse than those contained in the
Management Projections. The Management Projections cover multiple years, and such information by its nature becomes less reliable
with each successive year. The inclusion of the Management Projections in this proxy statement should not be regarded as an indication
that the Board of Directors, Xactly, J.P. Morgan or any of their respective affiliates or Representatives or any other recipient of this
information considered, or now considers, the Management Projections to be predictive of actual future results. The summary of the
Management Projections is not included in this proxy statement in order to induce any stockholder to vote in favor of the proposal to
adopt the Merger Agreement or any of the other proposals to be voted on at the Special Meeting. We do not intend to update or
otherwise revise the Management Projections to reflect circumstances existing after the date when made or to reflect the occurrence of
future events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the Management Projections are shown to be in error or
no longer appropriate. In light of the foregoing factors and the uncertainties inherent in the Management Projections,
stockholders are cautioned not to place undue, if any, reliance on the projections included in this proxy statement.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

The Management Projections and the accompanying tables set forth above contain certain non-GAAP financial measures,
including EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered free cash flow, which Xactly believes is helpful in understanding its past financial
performance and future results. The non-GAAP financial measures are not meant to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for
comparable GAAP measures and should be read in conjunction with Xactly’s consolidated financial statements prepared in accordance
with GAAP. Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial measures with respect to the Management Projections and the accompanying
tables are provided. However, to the extent the financial information has been extrapolated, the related non-GAAP amounts have also
been extrapolated without reconciliation, which would require unreasonable efforts to quantitatively reconcile due to the forward-
looking nature of the underlying financial information. Xactly management regularly uses Xactly’s supplemental non-GAAP financial
measures internally to understand and manage the business and forecast future periods.
 

52



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 61/205

Table of Contents

As referred to above, EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered free cash flow are financial measures not defined under GAAP.
EBITDA represents income before: (i) other income (expense), net, which includes interest expense, the change in fair value of
convertible preferred stock warrant liabilities and other income and expense; (ii) income tax expense; (iii) depreciation and
amortization of property and equipment; (iv) amortization of debt issuance costs; (v) stock-based compensation; and (vi) any
applicable, non-recurring or unusual charges as Xactly management may determine from time to time. EBIT represents income
before: (i) other income (expense), net, which includes interest expense, the change in fair value of convertible preferred stock warrant
liabilities and other income and expense; (ii) income tax expense; (iii) stock-based compensation; and (iv) any applicable, non-
recurring or unusual charges as Xactly management may determine from time to time. EBIAT represents income before interest after
taxes. Unlevered free cash flow is defined as EBITDA: (a) minus taxes; (b) minus capital expenditures; (c) minus stock-based
compensation, net of tax; and (d) plus net working capital. Xactly believes that EBITDA and unlevered free cash flow are performance
measures that provide securities analysts, investors and other interested parties with a measure of operating results unaffected by
differences in capital structures, capital investment cycles and ages of related assets among otherwise comparable companies in its
industry. Xactly further believes that EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered free cash flow are frequently used by securities analysts,
investors and other interested parties in their evaluation of companies, many of which present EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered
free cash flow measures when reporting their results. Xactly believes that EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered free cash flow
facilitates company-to-company operating performance comparisons by adjusting for potential differences caused by variations in
capital structures (affecting net interest expense), taxation (such as the impact of differences in effective tax rates or net operating
losses), and the age and book depreciation of facilities and equipment (affecting relative depreciation expense), which may vary for
different companies for reasons unrelated to operating performance. EBITDA, EBIT, EBIAT and unlevered free cash flow have
limitations relative to net income, their most comparable GAAP financial measure, including that they are not necessarily comparable
to other similarly titled financial measures of other companies due to the potential inconsistencies in the method of calculation.

Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

When considering the recommendation of the Board of Directors that you vote to approve the proposal to adopt the Merger
Agreement, you should be aware that our directors and executive officers may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in
addition to, the interests of stockholders generally, as more fully described below. The Board of Directors was aware of and considered
these interests, among other matters, to the extent that they existed at the time, in approving the Merger Agreement and the Merger and
recommending that the Merger Agreement be adopted by stockholders. These interests are described in more detail and, where
applicable, are quantified in the narrative below and, for the executive officers, in the Golden Parachute Compensation table in the
section of this proxy statement captioned “—Golden Parachute Compensation”.

Arrangements with Parent

As of the date of this proxy statement, none of our executive officers has entered into any agreement with Parent or any of its
affiliates regarding employment with, or the right to purchase or participate in the equity of, the Surviving Corporation or one or more
of its affiliates. Prior to or following the closing of the Merger, however, certain of our executive officers have had and may continue to
have discussions, or may enter into agreements with, Parent or Merger Sub or their respective affiliates regarding employment with, or
the right to purchase or participate in the equity of, the Surviving Corporation or one or more of its affiliates.

Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers

The Surviving Corporation and Parent will indemnify, defend and hold harmless, and advance expenses to current or former
directors, officers and employees of Xactly with respect to all acts or omissions by them in their capacities as such at any time prior to
the Effective Time (including any matters arising in connection with the Merger Agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby),
to the fullest extent that Xactly would be permitted by applicable law and to the fullest extent required by the organizational documents
of Xactly or its
 

53



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 62/205

Table of Contents

subsidiaries as in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement. Parent will cause the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other
organizational documents of the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to contain provisions with respect to indemnification,
advancement of expenses and limitation of director, officer and employee liability that are no less favorable to the current or former
directors, officers and employees of Xactly and its subsidiaries than those set forth in Xactly’s and its subsidiaries’ organizational
documents as of the date of the Merger Agreement. The Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries will not, for a period of six years
from the Effective Time, amend, repeal or otherwise modify these provisions in the organizational documents in any manner that
would adversely affect the rights of the current or former directors, officers and employees of Xactly and its subsidiaries.

The Merger Agreement also provides that prior to the Effective Time, Xactly may purchase a six-year prepaid “tail” policy on the
same terms and conditions as Parent would be required to cause the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to purchase as discussed
below. Xactly’s ability to purchase a “tail” policy is subject to a cap on the premium equal to 300% of the aggregate annual premiums
currently paid by the Xactly for its existing directors’ and officers’ liability insurance and fiduciary insurance for its last full fiscal year.
If Xactly does not purchase a “tail” policy prior to the Effective Time, for at least six years after the Effective Time, Parent will
(1) cause the Surviving Corporation and its other subsidiaries to maintain in full force and effect, on terms and conditions no less
advantageous to the current or former directors, officers and employees of Xactly and its subsidiaries, the existing directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance and fiduciary insurance maintained by the Xactly as of the date of the Merger Agreement; and (2) not, and
will not permit the Surviving Corporation or its other subsidiaries to, take any action that would prejudice the rights of, or otherwise
impede recovery by, the beneficiaries of any such insurance, whether in respect of claims arising before or after the Effective Time.
The “tail” policy will cover claims arising from facts, events, acts or omissions that occurred at or prior to the Effective Time,
including the transactions contemplated in the Merger Agreement. The obligation of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as applicable,
is subject to an annual premium cap of 300% of the aggregate annual premiums currently paid by Xactly for such insurance, but Parent
or the Surviving Corporation will purchase as much of such insurance coverage as possible for such amount. For more information,
please see the section of this proxy statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—Indemnification and
Insurance.”

Treatment of Company Options and Company RSUs

Treatment of Company Options

As of the Record Date, there were 3,910,372 outstanding Options held by our directors and executive officers. At the Effective
Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company Option, each Company Option that is outstanding as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 

(i) for (1) any Vested Company Option and (2) any Additional Vesting Company Option, a cash amount equal to (i) the Per
Share Merger Consideration (less the exercise price per share, if any, attributable to such Company Option), multiplied by
(ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Additional
Vesting Company Option, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and

 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company Option, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the aggregate number of shares of Company
Common stock subject to such Unvested Company Option multiplied by (2) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger
Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price under such Unvested Company Option, which cash amount will
vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company Option for which such cash amount was exchanged would
have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s
continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates (including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting
dates; provided, however, that the payment of such Cash Replacement Company Option Amount may be accelerated in the
event the holder’s employment with Xactly is (i) terminated

 
54



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 63/205

Table of Contents

 

without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply if the
following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment
agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company Options and
has a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder
satisfying certain conditions.

Treatment of Company RSUs

As of the Record Date, there were 1,543,812 outstanding RSUs held by our directors and executive officers. At the Effective
Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company RSU, each Company RSU that is outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 
(i) for (1) any Vested Company RSU and (2) any Additional Vesting Company RSU, a cash amount equal to the Per Share

Merger Consideration, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and
 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company RSU, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the Per Share Merger Consideration
multiplied by (2) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU
immediately prior to the Effective Time, which cash amount will vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested
Company RSU for which such cash amount was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required
withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates
(including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates; provided, however, that the payment of such
Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount may be accelerated in the event the holder’s employment with Xactly is
(i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply
if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment
agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company RSUs and has
a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder
satisfying certain conditions.

The calculation to determine the number of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be
performed individually for each holder of a Company Option or holder of an award of Company RSUs, as applicable, and on an award-
by-award basis for any holder who holds more than one Company Option or more than one award of Company RSUs, as applicable.

The determination of which Company Options and Company RSUs held by an individual holder thereof that will be converted
into Additional Vesting Awards shall be based on the relative vesting dates of the Company Options and Company RSUs held by such
individual such that such holder’s Cash Replacement Company Option Amounts and Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts shall
be granted in exchange for Company Options and Company RSUs with the longest remaining vesting periods.

The descriptions above reflect the clarifications to the definitions of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting
Company RSUs as set forth in the amendment to the Merger Agreement dated June 20, 2017.

Payments Upon Termination Following Change of Control

Change of Control Severance Agreements

We are party to a Change of Control Severance Agreement with each of Christopher W. Cabrera (Xactly’s Chief Executive
Officer), Joseph C. Consul (Xactly’s Chief Financial Officer) and L. Evan Ellis, Jr. (Xactly’s President and Chief Operating Officer),
(each, an “Executive”). Each Change of Control Severance Agreement
 

55



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 64/205

Table of Contents

provides that if, during the period beginning on the date three months prior to a Change of Control and ending on the date twelve
months following the Change of Control, the Executive’s employment with us is terminated by us without Cause (excluding death or
Disability), or voluntarily by him for Good Reason (as such terms are defined in the Change of Control Severance Agreement) (such
termination, a “Qualifying Termination”), then subject to the Executive signing and not revoking a release in our favor, he will be
entitled to the following: (i) a lump sum payment equal to 12 months (or in Mr. Cabrera’s case, 18 months) of the Executive’s annual
base salary (as in effect in the fiscal year in which either the Change of Control or his termination occurs, whichever is greater); (ii) a
lump sum payment equal to 100% of Executive’s target annual bonus (as in effect in the fiscal year in which either the Change of
Control or his termination occurs, whichever is greater); (iii) reimbursement of premiums to maintain group health insurance
continuation benefits pursuant to COBRA for Executive and his respective dependents for up to 12 months (or in Mr. Cabrera’s case,
18 months); and (iv) 100% acceleration of vesting of Executive’s then-outstanding equity compensation awards.

2016 Performance-Based Company RSUs

With respect to the performance-based Company RSUs granted to each Executive on December 15, 2016, the award agreement
provides that if we experience a “change in control” (as defined in the award agreement) prior to the date the compensation committee
determines the achievement of the applicable performance conditions, such outstanding performance-based Company RSUs will be
deemed achieved at target and convert to a time-based schedule upon such change in control, with ratable quarterly vesting over two
years beginning on April 30, 2017, subject to the applicable Executive’s continued service, and further subject to any vesting
acceleration under his Change of Control Severance Agreement.

Non-Employee Directors

Pursuant to the terms of our 2015 Equity Incentive Plan, awards granted thereunder to non-employee directors will fully vest in
the event of a “change in control” (as defined therein).

Pursuant to our outside director compensation policy, each outside director who remained on our Board of Directors on the date
of our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders and who did not previously waive the director compensation, received an annual award of
restricted stock units with a value equal to $115,000. This award fully vests upon the 12-month anniversary of the grant date, subject to
the outside director’s continued service through the vesting date, and may vest earlier upon a “change in control” as described in the
preceding paragraph. In addition, as previously announced in our annual proxy statement filed with the SEC on May 11, 2017, John
Ward did not stand for re-election to our Board of Directors and ceased being a director effective as of June 20, 2017, the date of our
2017 annual meeting of stockholders. In connection therewith and in recognition of his significant contributions to our company, the
independent members of our compensation committee approved an acceleration of vesting of Mr. Ward’s outstanding restricted stock
units that otherwise are scheduled to vest on July 1, 2017, if he had remained in service with us, and payment to him of additional
compensation of $115,000 to compensate him on the same terms as other non-employee directors remaining on our board of directors
who are receiving annual equity awards.

Golden Parachute Compensation

This section sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation for each of Xactly’s
named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement. This compensation is referred to as “golden parachute” compensation by the applicable SEC disclosure rules, and in this
section we use such terms to describe the Merger-related compensation payable to Xactly’s named executive officers.

The table below reflects the compensation and benefits that will or may be paid or provided to each of the named executive
officers in connection with the Merger in the circumstances described below and as described
 

56



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 65/205

Table of Contents

above in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Interests of Xactly’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger,” which
is incorporated herein by reference. Severance payments have been calculated based on the named executive officer’s current base
salary and target bonus opportunity. Regardless of the manner in which a named executive officer’s employment terminates, the named
executive officer is entitled to receive amounts already earned during the term of his employment, such as base salary earned through
the date of termination.

The amounts below are estimates based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur. Some of these assumptions
are based on information currently available and, as a result, the actual amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer
may differ in material respects from the amounts set forth below. Furthermore, for purposes of calculating such amounts, we have
assumed that (i) the Merger consideration per share of Xactly common stock is equal to $15.65 and the Effective Time occurs on
May 31, 2017, (ii) each named executive officer receives the applicable Merger consideration for his Company Options and Company
RSUs that may accelerate pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement and his applicable Change of Control Severance Agreement,
(iii) each named executive officer receives the maximum payments under his Change of Control Severance Agreement and no
payments are reduced pursuant to the better-of provision, (iv) the termination of employment takes place on May 31, 2017 and (v) all
equity awards that were outstanding as of May 31, 2017 remain outstanding (except for the settlement of Company RSUs that will
have vested in accordance with their original vesting schedule).

Golden Parachute Compensation
 

Name   
Cash
($)(1)    

Equity
($)(2)(3)    

Perquisites/
Benefits

($)(3)    
Total

($)  
Christopher W. Cabrera    960,000    3,668,776    32,991    4,661,767 
Joseph C. Consul    490,500    1,676,151    21,994    2,188,645 
L. Evan Ellis, Jr.    536,000    1,962,059    14,550    2,512,609 

 
(1) Pursuant to the terms of the Change of Control Severance Agreement entered into between each named executive officer and

Xactly, the above payments are “double-trigger” in nature, as they will only be payable if the named executive officer experiences
a Qualifying Termination following the completion of the Merger, then subject to the named executive officer timely signing and
not revoking a separation agreement and release with Xactly and the provisions of such Change of Control Severance Agreement,
the named executive officer will be entitled to receive the following: (i) for Mr. Cabrera, a lump sum payment equal to 18 months
(12 months for Messrs. Consul and Ellis) of the greater of (A) his then-current annual base salary or (B) his annual base salary as
in effect immediately prior to the change of control; and (ii) a lump sum payment equal to 100% of the greater of (A) his target
annual bonus as in effect for the fiscal year in which his termination occurs or (B) his target annual bonus as in effect for the fiscal
year in which the change of control occurs.

The cash payments described in this column (1) include the following components:
 

Name   

Salary
Severance

($)    

Annual
Bonus

($)    
Total

($)  
Christopher W. Cabrera    600,000    360,000    960,000 
Joseph C. Consul    327,000    163,500    490,500 
L. Evan Ellis, Jr.    335,000    201,000    536,000 

 
(2) Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all outstanding Company Options (whether vested or unvested) and outstanding

Company RSUs (whether vested or unvested) will be cancelled in connection with the Merger in exchange for the right to receive
the applicable Company Option or Company RSUs

 
57



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 66/205

Table of Contents

 

Merger consideration. The right to receive the applicable Merger consideration, for unvested Company Options or unvested
Company RSUs will vest and be payable at the same time as the unvested Company Option or unvested Company RSU for which
such right was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to the holder’s (including named executive officer’s)
continued employment with Parent or any of its affiliates (including the Surviving Corporation and any of its subsidiaries)
through the applicable vesting dates.

The values in this column reflect the applicable Merger consideration payable in exchange for the cancellation of unvested
Company Options and unvested Company RSUs held by the named executive officers.

The values in this column further assume that any outstanding performance-based Company RSUs granted to each of the named
executive officers on December 15, 2016 will be deemed achieved at target and convert to a time-based vesting schedule at the
Effective Time pursuant to their terms, with ratable quarterly vesting over two years beginning on April 30, 2017, subject to the
applicable named executive officer’s continued service.

The values in this column also take into account that pursuant to the Merger Agreement, an additional number of outstanding
Company Options and Company RSUs held by any holder (including each named executive officer) will be treated as Additional
Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting Company RSUs, respectively, and will receive the corresponding portion of the
Merger consideration for those awards as of the Effective Time.

The value of the “single trigger” benefits described in the immediately preceding two paragraphs with respect to the outstanding
Company Options and Company RSUs held by each named executive officer is as follows:

 

Name   
Company

Options ($)    

Company
RSUs

($)    
Total

($)  
Christopher W. Cabrera    1,752,807    696,018    2,448,825 
Joseph C. Consul    589,627    529,471    1,119,098 
L. Evan Ellis, Jr.    728,063    581,632    1,309,695 

The remaining values in this column represent “double trigger” benefits to which each named executive officer is entitled under
his Change of Control Severance Agreement under which 100% of his unvested Company Options and unvested Company RSUs
will accelerate vesting. The named executive officer’s receipt of these equity acceleration benefits require that he experience
Qualifying Termination and he timely sign and not revoke a separation agreement and release with Xactly.

 
(3) Pursuant to the terms of the Change of Control Severance Agreement entered into between each named executive officer and

Xactly, if the named executive officer undergoes a Qualifying Termination, then subject to the named executive officer timely
signing and not revoking a separation agreement and release with Xactly and the provisions of such Change of Control Severance
Agreement, he will receive reimbursement of premiums to maintain group health insurance continuation benefits pursuant to
“COBRA” for him and his respective dependents for up to 18 months for Mr. Cabrera (12 months for Messrs. Consul and Ellis).
The values in this column represent “double trigger” amounts as they will only be payable in the event of a Qualifying
Termination following the completion of the Merger.

Equity Interests of Xactly’s Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors

The following table sets forth the number of shares of common stock and the number of shares of common stock underlying
equity awards currently held by each of Xactly’s executive officers and non-employee directors,
 

58



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 67/205

Table of Contents

in each case that either are currently vested or that are expected to vest in connection with the Merger, outstanding as of May 31, 2017.
The table also sets forth the values of these shares and equity awards based on the Per Share Merger Consideration (minus the
applicable per share exercise price for the Company Options). The table does not reflect the value of the annual equity awards and our
compensation payable to our non-employee directors as of the date of our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders and who did not
previously waive the director compensation, as described in the section of this proxy statement captioned “—Payments Upon
Termination Following Change of Control—Non-Employee Directors.” No additional shares of common stock or equity awards were
granted to any executive officer or non-employee director in contemplation of the Merger.

Equity Interests of Xactly’s Executive Officers and Non-Employee Directors
 

Name  
Shares
(#)(1)   

Shares
($)   

Company
Options

(#)(2)   

Company
Options
($)(2)(3)   

Company
RSUs
(#)(2)   

Company
RSUs

($)(2)(4)   
Total

($)  
Christopher W. Cabrera   655,959   10,265,758   1,137,000   11,315,750   66,425   1,039,551   22,621,060 
Joseph C. Consul   6,505   101,803   386,055   3,690,002   50,588   791,702   4,583,507 
L. Evan Ellis, Jr.   206,761   3,235,810   447,427   4,597,110   55,588   869,952   8,702,872 
Gerald S. Casilli   2,849,820   44,599,683   —     —     —     —     44,599,683 
Neal Dempsey   2,443,759   38,244,828   —     —     —     —     38,244,828 
Lauren P. Flaherty   14,375   224,969   —     —     —     —     224,969 
Earl E. Fry   32,500   508,625   137,500   1,718,875   9,364   146,547   2,374,047 
Scott A. McGregor   24,375   381,469   —     —     —     —     381,469 
Carol G. Mills   —     —     69,499   719,862   9,364   146,547   866,408 
David W. Pidwell(5)   152,954   2,393,730   —     —     —     —     2,393,730 
John P. Ward, Jr.(6)   —     —     —     —     9,364   146,547   146,547 
 
(1) Includes shares beneficially owned, excluding shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of Company Options or settlement

of Company RSUs.
(2) Assumes 100% of each executive officer’s unvested Company Options and unvested Company RSUs will accelerate vesting

pursuant to his Change of Control Severance Agreement.
(3) Includes the value of Per Share Merger Consideration payable with respect to vested and unvested Company Options.
(4) Includes the value of Per Share Merger Consideration payable with respect to Company RSUs.
(5) David W. Pidwell ceased being a director as of June 20, 2017, the date of our annual meeting of stockholders.
(6) John P. Ward, Jr. ceased being a director as of June 20, 2017, the date of our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders.

Financing of the Merger

The obligation of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger is not subject to any financial condition.

We anticipate that the total amount of funds necessary to complete the Merger and the related transactions will be approximately
$567.2 million. This amount includes the funds needed to: (1) pay stockholders the amounts due under the Merger Agreement;
(2) make payments in respect of our outstanding equity-based awards pursuant to the Merger Agreement; and (3) pay all fees and
expenses payable by Parent and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement.

Equity Financing

Pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter, Vista Fund VI has agreed to provide Parent with an equity commitment of up to
approximately $567.2 million in cash, which will be available to fund the aggregate
 

59



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 68/205

Table of Contents

purchase price and, together with cash on hand at Xactly, to pay the fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing of the Merger
by Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub contemplated by, and subject to the terms and conditions of, the Merger Agreement.

The Equity Commitment Letter provides, among other things, that: (1) Xactly is an express third party beneficiary thereof in
connection with Xactly’s exercise of its rights related to specific performance under the Merger Agreement; and (2) Parent and Vista
Fund VI will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief in connection with the exercise of
such third party beneficiary rights. The Equity Commitment Letter may not be waived, amended or modified except by a written
instrument signed by Parent, Vista Fund VI and Xactly.

Limited Guaranty

Pursuant to the Limited Guaranty, Vista Fund VI has agreed to guarantee the due, punctual and complete payment of all of the
liabilities and obligations of Parent or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement, including, but limited to: (1) the indemnification
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in connection with any costs, expenses or losses incurred or sustained by Xactly in connection
with its cooperation with the arrangement of any potential debt financing; and (2) the documented and reasonable out-of-pocket costs
and expenses incurred by Xactly in connection with the cooperation of Xactly with the potential arrangement of any potential debt
financing. We refer to the obligations set forth in clauses (1) and (2) of the preceding sentence as the “Reimbursement Obligations,”
and to the obligations set forth in the preceding sentence as the “Guaranteed Obligations.”

The obligations of Vista Fund VI under the Limited Guaranty are subject to an aggregate cap equal to $36.9 million, plus the
Reimbursement Obligations.

Subject to specified exceptions, the Limited Guaranty will terminate upon the earliest of:
 

 •  immediately following the Effective Time and the deposit of the Merger consideration with the designated payment agent;
 

 •  the valid termination of the Merger Agreement by mutual written consent of Parent and Xactly;
 

 •  the valid termination of the Merger Agreement by Xactly in certain circumstances in connection with a Superior Proposal;
 

 
•  the indefeasible payment by Vista Fund VI, Parent or Merger Sub of an amount of the Guaranteed Obligations equal to the

aggregate cap; and
 

 
•  one year after the valid termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, other than a termination in the

scenarios described in the second and third bullet above (and, if Xactly has made a claim under the Guaranteed Obligations
prior to such date, the Limited Guaranty will terminate on date that such claim is finally satisfied or otherwise resolved).

The Voting and Support Agreements

The following summary describes the material provisions of the voting agreements. The description of the voting agreements in
this summary and elsewhere in this proxy statement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the voting
agreements, the form of which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex D and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference.
We encourage you to read the form of voting agreement carefully and in its entirety because this summary may not contain all the
information about the voting agreements that is important to you. The rights and obligations of the parties are governed by the
express terms of the voting agreements and not by this summary or any other information contained in this proxy statement.
Concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have entered into
 

60



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 69/205

Table of Contents

the Voting Agreements with an entity affiliated with Alloy Ventures, where David W. Pidwell, a former member of our Board of
Directors, is a venture partner; entities affiliated with Bay Partners and Neal Dempsey, a member of our Board of Directors; and
entities affiliated with Rembrandt Venture Partners and Gerald S. Casilli, a member of our Board of Directors. As of the Record Date,
the Voting Agreement Stockholders held, in the aggregate, approximately 22.4% of the outstanding shares of Xactly’s common stock.

Voting Provisions

Under the Voting Agreements, Voting Agreement Stockholders have agreed, subject to the terms and conditions in the Voting
Agreements and during the term of the Voting Agreement, to vote all of their shares of common stock (1) in favor of the adoption of
the Merger Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and/or
(2) against any acquisition proposal or any action or agreement which would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions
to Xactly’s obligations to consummate the Merger as specified in the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled or any alternative
acquisition proposals.

Restrictions on Transfer

Pursuant to the Voting Agreements, absent the prior written consent of Parent, the Voting Agreement Stockholders have agreed
that until the termination of the Voting Agreements, the Voting Agreement Stockholders will not, directly or indirectly: (a) transfer,
assign, sell, gift-over, hedge, pledge or otherwise dispose (whether by sale, liquidation, dissolution, dividend or distribution) of, enter
into any derivative arrangement with respect to, or create any lien or encumbrance on or enter into any agreement with respect to any
of the foregoing (“Transfer”), any of their shares of common stock; (b) enter into any contract, option or other agreement, arrangement
or understanding with respect to any Transfer; (c) grant any proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to
their shares of common stock with respect to any matter that is in contravention of the applicable Voting Agreement; or (d) deposit any
of their shares of common stock into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to their shares of
common stock that is in contravention of the applicable Voting Agreement. Pursuant to the Voting Agreements, a party may make a
Transfer to certain permitted transferees, but only if such permitted transferee agrees in writing to be bound by the terms of the
applicable Voting Agreement as if the transferee were a party thereto before such Transfer occurs. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
Rembrandt Venture Partners is permitted to sell and transfer up to 265,544 shares of common stock which it held on the date of
execution of its Voting Agreement, which shares shall following such sale and transfer no longer be subject to the obligations of such
Voting Agreement.

Termination

Each of the Voting Agreements terminates automatically upon the earliest to occur of: (1) the termination of the Merger
Agreement; (2) the Effective Time; (3) any change to the terms of the Merger without the prior written consent of the Voting
Agreement Stockholder that results in a decrease to the merger consideration or an adverse effect on the Voting Agreement
Stockholders relative to other Xactly stockholders; or (4) the mutual written consent of Parent and the Voting Agreement Stockholder.

Closing and Effective Time

The closing of the Merger will take place no later than the second business day following the satisfaction or waiver in accordance
with the Merger Agreement of all of the conditions to closing of the Merger (as described under the caption, “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Closing of the Merger”), other than conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied at the
closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such conditions.
 

61



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 70/205

Table of Contents

Appraisal Rights

If the Merger is consummated, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and who properly
demand appraisal of their shares will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the Merger under Section 262 of the DGCL
(“Section 262”). The following discussion is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under the DGCL and is
qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C. The following summary
does not constitute any legal or other advice and does not constitute a recommendation that stockholders exercise their appraisal rights
under Section 262. Only a holder of record of shares of common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares registered in
that holder’s name. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of common stock held of record in the name of another person, such
as a bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized below properly and in
a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights. If you hold your shares of our common stock through a bank, broker or other
nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with your bank, broker or the other nominee.

Under Section 262, holders of shares of common stock who: (1) submit a written demand for appraisal of their shares, (2) do not
vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement; (3) continuously are the record holders of such shares through the Effective
Time; and (4) otherwise follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 may be entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware
Court of Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares of common stock, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest to be paid on the amount determined to be fair
value, if any, as determined by the court. However, after an appraisal petition has been filed, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
dismiss appraisal proceedings as to all stockholders who have asserted appraisal rights unless (a) the total number of shares for which
appraisal rights have been pursued and perfected exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock as measured in
accordance with subsection (g) of Section 262; or (b) the value of the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration in respect of the
shares of Company Common Stock for which appraisal rights have been pursued and perfected exceeds $1 million (conditions (a) and
(b) referred to as the “ownership thresholds”) . Unless the Delaware Court of Chancery, in its discretion, determines otherwise for good
cause shown, interest on an appraisal award will accrue and compound quarterly from the Effective Time through the date the
judgment is paid at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during such
period. However, at any time before the Delaware Court of Chancery enters judgment in the appraisal proceedings, the Surviving
Corporation may pay to each stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case such interest will accrue after the time
of such payment only on an amount that equals the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the “fair value” of the shares as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, in addition to any interest accrued prior to the time of such voluntary payment, unless
paid at such time. The Surviving Corporation is under no obligation to make such voluntary cash payment prior to such entry of
judgment.

Under Section 262, where a Merger Agreement is to be submitted for adoption at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not
less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that appraisal rights are available
and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy statement constitutes Xactly’s notice to stockholders that appraisal rights
are available in connection with the Merger, and the full text of Section 262 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C. In
connection with the Merger, any holder of shares of common stock who wishes to exercise appraisal rights, or who wishes to preserve
such holder’s right to do so, should review Annex C carefully. Failure to strictly comply with the requirements of Section 262 in a
timely and proper manner will result in the loss of appraisal rights under the DGCL. A stockholder who loses his, her or its appraisal
rights will be entitled to receive the Merger consideration described in the Merger Agreement. Moreover, because of the complexity of
the procedures for exercising the right to seek appraisal of shares of common stock, Xactly believes that if a stockholder considers
exercising such rights, that stockholder should seek the advice of legal counsel.
 

62



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 71/205

Table of Contents

Stockholders wishing to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares of common stock must do ALL of the following:
 

 •  the stockholder must not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the stockholder must deliver to Xactly a written demand for appraisal before the vote on the Merger Agreement at the

Special Meeting;
 

 
•  the stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making the demand through the Effective Time (a

stockholder will lose appraisal rights if the stockholder transfers the shares before the Effective Time); and
 

 
•  the stockholder or the Surviving Corporation must file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery requesting a

determination of the fair value of the shares within 120 days after the Effective Time. The Surviving Corporation is under no
obligation to file any petition and has no intention of doing so.

In addition, one of the ownership thresholds must be met.

Because a proxy that does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, a stockholder who votes by proxy and who wishes to exercise appraisal rights must vote against the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, abstain or not vote its shares.

Filing Written Demand

Any holder of shares of common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must deliver to Xactly, before the vote on the adoption
of the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting at which the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will be submitted to
stockholders, a written demand for the appraisal of the stockholder’s shares, and that stockholder must not vote or submit a proxy in
favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement. A holder of shares of common stock exercising appraisal rights must hold of record the
shares on the date the written demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold the shares of record through the Effective Time.
A proxy that is submitted and does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement, and it will constitute a waiver of the stockholder’s right of appraisal and will nullify any previously delivered written
demand for appraisal. Therefore, a stockholder who submits a proxy and who wishes to exercise appraisal rights must submit a proxy
containing instructions to vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement or abstain from voting on the adoption of the Merger
Agreement. Neither voting against the adoption of the Merger Agreement nor abstaining from voting or failing to vote on the proposal
to adopt the Merger Agreement will, in and of itself, constitute a written demand for appraisal satisfying the requirements of
Section 262. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote on the adoption of the
Merger Agreement. A proxy or vote against the adoption of the Merger Agreement will not constitute a demand. A stockholder’s
failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting of
Xactly’s stockholders will constitute a waiver of appraisal rights.

Only a holder of record of shares of common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares registered in that holder’s
name. A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of common stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record, and
must reasonably inform Xactly of the identity of the holder and state that the person intends thereby to demand appraisal of the holder’s
shares in connection with the Merger. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or
custodian, such demand must be executed by or on behalf of the record owner, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one
person, as in a joint tenancy and tenancy in common, the demand must be executed by or on behalf of all joint owners. An authorized
agent, including an authorized agent for two or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder of record;
however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose that, in executing the demand, the agent is acting
as agent for the record owner or owners.
 

63



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 72/205

Table of Contents

STOCKHOLDERS WHO HOLD THEIR SHARES IN BROKERAGE OR BANK ACCOUNTS OR OTHER NOMINEE
FORMS AND WHO WISH TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR BANK, BROKER OR
OTHER NOMINEES, AS APPLICABLE, TO DETERMINE THE APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR THE BANK, BROKER OR
OTHER NOMINEE TO MAKE A DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL OF THOSE SHARES. A PERSON HAVING A BENEFICIAL
INTEREST IN SHARES HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A BANK, BROKER OR
OTHER NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW PROPERLY AND IN A
TIMELY MANNER THE STEPS NECESSARY TO PERFECT APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 should be mailed or delivered to:

Xactly Corporation
300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700

San Jose, CA 95110
Attention: Investor Relations

Any holder of shares of common stock may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and accept the consideration offered
pursuant to the Merger Agreement by delivering to Xactly a written withdrawal of the demand for appraisal. However, any such
attempt to withdraw the demand made more than 60 days after the Effective Time will require written approval of the Surviving
Corporation. No appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed without the approval of the Delaware Court
of Chancery, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just; provided,
however, that this shall not affect the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that
proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the Per Share Merger Consideration
within 60 days after the Effective Time.

Notice by the Surviving Corporation

If the Merger is completed, within 10 days after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will notify each holder of shares of
common stock who has made a written demand for appraisal pursuant to Section 262, and who has not voted in favor of the adoption of
the Merger Agreement, that the Merger has become effective and the effective date thereof.

Filing a Petition for Appraisal

Within 120 days after the Effective Time, but not thereafter, the Surviving Corporation or any holder of shares of common stock
who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262 may commence an appraisal proceeding by
filing a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served on the Surviving Corporation in the case of a petition filed by a
stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares held by all stockholders entitled to appraisal. The Surviving
Corporation is under no obligation, and has no present intention, to file a petition, and holders should not assume that the Surviving
Corporation will file a petition or initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair value of the shares of common stock. Accordingly,
any holders of shares of common stock who desire to have their shares appraised should initiate all necessary action to perfect their
appraisal rights in respect of their shares of common stock within the time and in the manner prescribed in Section 262. The failure of a
holder of common stock to file such a petition within the period specified in Section 262 could nullify the stockholder’s previous
written demand for appraisal.

Within 120 days after the Effective Time, any holder of shares of common stock who has complied with the requirements for
exercise of appraisal rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the Surviving Corporation a statement setting forth
the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement and with respect to which Xactly has
received demands for appraisal, and the aggregate
 

64



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 73/205

Table of Contents

number of holders of such shares. The Surviving Corporation must mail this statement to the requesting stockholder within 10 days
after receipt of the written request for such a statement or within 10 days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands for
appraisal, whichever is later. A beneficial owner of shares held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in
such person’s own name, file a petition seeking appraisal or request from the Surviving Corporation the foregoing statements. As noted
above, however, the demand for appraisal can only be made by a stockholder of record.

If a petition for an appraisal is duly filed by a holder of shares of common stock and a copy thereof is served upon the Surviving
Corporation, the Surviving Corporation will then be obligated within 20 days after such service to file with the Delaware Register in
Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and
with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached. After notice to stockholders as required by the court, the
Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition to determine those stockholders who have complied
with Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights thereunder. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the
stockholders who demanded payment for their shares to submit their stock certificates (if any) to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings and, if any stockholder fails to comply with the direction, the Delaware Court of
Chancery may dismiss that stockholder from the proceedings. The Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss appraisal proceedings as
to all stockholders who have asserted appraisal rights if neither of the ownership thresholds is met.

Determination of Fair Value

After determining the holders of common stock entitled to appraisal and that at least one of the ownership thresholds above has
been satisfied as to stockholders seeking appraisal rights, the appraisal proceeding will be conducted in accordance with the rules of the
Delaware Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings. Through such proceeding, the Delaware
Court of Chancery will appraise the “fair value” of the shares of common stock, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery will take into account all relevant factors. Unless the court in its discretion
determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest from the Effective Time through the date of payment of the judgment will be
compounded quarterly and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time
to time during the period between the Effective Time and the date of payment of the judgment. However, at any time before the
Delaware Court of Chancery enters judgment in the appraisal proceedings, the Surviving Corporation may pay to each stockholder
entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case such interest will accrue after the time of such payment only on an amount that
equals the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the “fair value” of the shares as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery, in addition to any interest accrued prior to the time of such voluntary payment, unless paid at such time.

In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Supreme Court of Delaware discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair
value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court” should be considered, and that “[f]air price obviously requires
consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company.” The Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in making this
determination of fair value, the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the
enterprise and any other facts that could be ascertained as of the date of the Merger that throw any light on future prospects of the
merged corporation. Section 262 provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment
or expectation of the Merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a “narrow
exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative elements of value
arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Supreme Court of Delaware also stated that “elements of future
value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the Merger and not the product
of
 

65



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 74/205

Table of Contents

speculation, may be considered.” In addition, the Delaware courts have decided that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on
factual circumstances, may or may not be a dissenting stockholder’s exclusive remedy.

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as so determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration they would receive pursuant to the Merger if they did
not seek appraisal of their shares and that an opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a financial point of view of
the consideration payable in a Merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value under Section 262 of the
DGCL. Although Xactly believes that the Per Share Merger Consideration is fair, no representation is made as to the outcome
of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, and stockholders should recognize that such
an appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or lower than, or the same as, the Per Share Merger
Consideration. Neither Xactly nor Parent anticipates offering more than the Per Share Merger Consideration to any stockholder
exercising appraisal rights, and each of Xactly and Parent reserves the rights to make a voluntary cash payment pursuant to subsection
(h) of Section 262 and to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of Section 262, the “fair value” of a share of common
stock is less than the Per Share Merger Consideration. If a petition for appraisal is not timely filed, or if neither of the ownership
thresholds above has been satisfied as to stockholders seeking appraisal rights, then the right to an appraisal will cease. The costs of the
appraisal proceedings (which do not include attorneys’ fees or the fees and expenses of experts) may be determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery and charged upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon
application of a stockholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by a
stockholder in connection with an appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

If any stockholder who demands appraisal of his, her or its shares of common stock under Section 262 fails to perfect, or
effectively loses or withdraws, such holder’s right to appraisal, the stockholder’s shares of common stock will be deemed to have been
converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, without interest. A stockholder will fail to
perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, the holder’s right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the
Effective Time, if neither of the ownership thresholds above has been satisfied as to stockholders seeking appraisal rights or if the
stockholder delivers to the Surviving Corporation a written withdrawal of the holder’s demand for appraisal and an acceptance of the
Per Share Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 262.

From and after the Effective Time, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will be entitled to vote such shares of
common stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock, except dividends or other
distributions on the holder’s shares of common stock, if any, payable to stockholders as of a time prior to the Effective Time. If no
petition for an appraisal is filed, if neither of the ownership thresholds above has been satisfied as to the stockholders seeking appraisal
rights, or if the stockholder delivers to the Surviving Corporation a written withdrawal of the demand for an appraisal and an
acceptance of the Merger, either within 60 days after the Effective Time or thereafter with the written approval of the Surviving
Corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal will cease. Once a petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court
of Chancery, however, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the court, and such
approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just; provided, however, that the foregoing shall not affect the right
of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such
stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the Merger within 60 days after the Effective Time.

Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in Section 262 may result in the loss of a stockholder’s statutory
appraisal rights. Consequently, any stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal rights is encouraged to consult legal counsel before
attempting to exercise those rights.
 

66



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 75/205

Table of Contents

Accounting Treatment

The Merger will be accounted for as a “purchase transaction” for financial accounting purposes.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The following discussion is a summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger that may be relevant to
U.S. Holders and Non-U.S. Holders (each as defined below) of shares of common stock whose shares are converted into the right to
receive cash pursuant to the Merger. This summary is general in nature and does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation
that may be relevant to a stockholder in light of its particular circumstances. In addition, this summary does not describe any tax
consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or non-U.S. jurisdiction and does not consider any aspects of U.S. federal tax
law other than income taxation. This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), Treasury
Regulations promulgated under the Code, court decisions, published positions of the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”), and other
applicable authorities, all as in effect on the date of this proxy statement and all of which are subject to change or differing
interpretations at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. This discussion is limited to holders who hold their shares of common stock
as “capital assets” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment purposes).

This discussion is for general information only and does not address all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to holders in
light of their particular circumstances. For example, this discussion does not address:
 

 

•  tax consequences that may be relevant to holders who may be subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax
laws, such as banks or other financial institutions; tax-exempt organizations; retirement or other tax deferred accounts; S
corporations, partnerships or any other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships or pass-through entities for U.S.
federal income tax purposes (or an investor in a partnership, S corporation or other pass-through entity); insurance
companies; mutual funds; dealers in stocks and securities; traders in securities that elect to use the mark-to-market method
of accounting for their securities; regulated investment companies; real estate investment trusts; entities subject to the U.S.
anti-inversion rules; certain former citizens or long-term residents of the United States; or, except as noted below, holders
that own or have owned (directly, indirectly or constructively) five percent or more of Xactly’s common stock (by vote or
value);

 

 
•  tax consequences to holders holding the shares as part of a hedging, constructive sale or conversion, straddle or other risk

reduction transaction;
 

 
•  tax consequences to holders whose shares constitute qualified small business stock within the meaning of Section 1202 of

the Code;
 

 
•  tax consequences to holders that received their shares of common stock in a compensatory transaction, through a tax

qualified retirement plan or pursuant to the exercise of options or warrants;
 

 
•  tax consequences to holders who own an equity interest, actually or constructively, in Parent or the Surviving Corporation

following the Merger;
 

 •  tax consequences to U.S. Holders whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 
•  tax consequences to holders who hold their common stock through a bank, financial institution or other entity, or a branch

thereof, located, organized or resident outside the United States;
 

 •  tax consequences arising from the Medicare tax on net investment income;
 

 •  the U.S. federal estate, gift or alternative minimum tax consequences, if any;
 

 •  any state, local or non-U.S. tax consequences; or
 

 
•  tax consequences to holders that do not vote in favor of the Merger and properly demand appraisal of their shares under

Section 262 of the DGCL or that entered into a non-tender and support agreement as part of the transactions described in this
proxy statement.

 
67



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 76/205

Table of Contents

If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement, domestic or non-U.S., treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes) is a beneficial owner of shares of common stock, then the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership will generally depend
upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and the partnership. Partnerships holding shares of common stock and
partners therein should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of the Merger.

We have not sought, and do not intend to seek, any ruling from the IRS with respect to the statements made and the conclusions
reached in the following summary, and no assurance can be given that the IRS will agree with the views expressed herein, or that a
court will not sustain any challenge by the IRS in the event of litigation.

THE FOLLOWING SUMMARY IS FOR GENERAL INFORMATIONAL PURPOSES ONLY AND IS NOT A
SUBSTITUTE FOR CAREFUL TAX PLANNING AND ADVICE. WE URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX
ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU IN CONNECTION WITH THE
MERGER IN LIGHT OF YOUR OWN PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING FEDERAL ESTATE, GIFT AND
OTHER NON-INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES, AND TAX CONSEQUENCES UNDER STATE, LOCAL OR NON-U.S.
TAX LAWS.

U.S. Holders

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of shares of common stock that is for U.S. federal income
tax purposes:
 

 •  an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation, created or organized in or under the laws of the United States or any

state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 

 •  an estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
 

 
•  a trust (1) that is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or more United

States persons as defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code; or (2) that has a valid election in effect under applicable
Treasury regulations to be treated as a United States person.

The receipt of cash by a U.S. Holder in exchange for shares of common stock pursuant to the Merger will be a taxable transaction
for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, such U.S. Holder’s gain or loss will be equal to the difference, if any, between the
amount of cash received and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares surrendered pursuant to the Merger. Gain or loss must be
determined separately for each block of shares (that is, shares acquired at the same cost in a single transaction). A U.S. Holder’s
adjusted tax basis generally will equal the amount that such U.S. Holder paid for the shares. Such gain or loss will be capital gain or
loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if such U.S. Holder’s holding period in such shares is more than one year at the time of
the completion of the Merger. A reduced tax rate on capital gain generally will apply to long-term capital gain of a non-corporate U.S.
Holder (including individuals). The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Non-U.S. Holders

The following is a summary of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences that will apply to you if you are a Non-U.S.
Holder. The term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of common stock that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes:
 

 •  a nonresident alien individual;
 

 •  a foreign corporation; or
 

 •  a foreign estate or trust.
 

68



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 77/205

Table of Contents

Special rules, not discussed herein, may apply to certain Non-U.S. Holders, such as:
 

 •  certain former citizens or residents of the United States;
 

 •  controlled foreign corporations;
 

 •  passive foreign investment companies;
 

 •  corporations that accumulate earnings to avoid U.S. federal income tax; and
 

 •  pass-through entities, or investors in such entities.

Any gain realized by a Non-U.S. Holder pursuant to the Merger generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless:
 

 

•  the gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States (and, if required by
an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder in the
United States), in which case such gain generally will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at rates generally applicable to
U.S. persons, and, if the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, such gain may also be subject to the branch profits tax at a rate of
30% (or a lower rate under an applicable income tax treaty);

 

 

•  such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year of that
disposition, and certain other specified conditions are met, in which case such gain will be subject to U.S. federal income tax
at a rate of 30% (or a lower rate under an applicable income tax treaty), which gain may be offset by certain U.S. source
capital losses of such Non-U.S. Holder; or

 

 

•  Xactly is or has been a “United States real property holding corporation” as such term is defined in Section 897(c) of the
Code (“USRPHC”), at any time within the shorter of the five-year period preceding the Merger or such Non-U.S. Holder’s
holding period with respect to the applicable shares of common stock (the “Relevant Period”) and, if shares of common
stock are regularly traded on an established securities market (within the meaning of Section 897(c)(3) of the Code), such
Non-U.S. Holder owns directly or is deemed to own pursuant to attribution rules more than 5% of our common stock at any
time during the relevant period, in which case such gain will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at rates generally
applicable to U.S. persons (as described in the first bullet point above), except that the branch profits tax will not apply.
Although there can be no assurances in this regard, we believe that we are not, and have not been, a USRPHC at any time
during the five-year period preceding the Merger.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Information reporting and backup withholding (currently, at a rate of 28%) may apply to the proceeds received by a holder
pursuant to the Merger. Backup withholding generally will not apply to (1) a U.S. Holder that furnishes a correct taxpayer
identification number and certifies that such holder is not subject to backup withholding on IRS Form W-9 (or a substitute or successor
form) or (2) a Non-U.S. Holder that (i) provides a certification of such holder’s foreign status on the appropriate series of IRS Form W-
8 (or a substitute or successor form) or (ii) otherwise establishes an exemption from backup withholding. Backup withholding is not an
additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules will be allowed as a refund or a credit against the holder’s
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.

The foregoing summary does not discuss all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation that may be relevant to particular holders of
common stock. Stockholders should consult their own tax advisors as to the particular tax consequences to them of exchanging their
common stock for cash pursuant to the Merger under any federal, state, local or non-U.S. tax laws.
 

69



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 78/205

Table of Contents

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

General

Xactly and Parent have agreed to take all action necessary to comply with all regulatory notification requirements, and, subject to
certain limitations, to obtain all regulatory approvals required to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement. These approvals include, for example, approval under, or notifications pursuant to, the HSR Act and any other
applicable antitrust laws (whether domestic or foreign).

HSR Act and U.S. Antitrust Matters

Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, the Merger cannot be completed until Xactly and Vista Fund VI file a
notification and report form with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice (the “DOJ”) under the HSR Act and
the applicable waiting period has expired or been terminated. A transaction notifiable under the HSR Act may not be completed until
the expiration of a 30 calendar day waiting period following the parties’ filing of their respective HSR Act notification forms or the
early termination of that waiting period. Xactly and Vista Fund VI made the necessary filings with the FTC and the Antitrust Division
of the DOJ on June 7, 2017. On June 20, 2017, the FTC notified Xactly that early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act
was granted, effective immediately. Therefore, the closing condition of the Merger Agreement relating to the expiration or termination
of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has been satisfied.

At any time before or after consummation of the Merger, notwithstanding the termination of the waiting period under the HSR
Act, the FTC or the Antitrust Division of the DOJ could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in
the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the Merger, seeking divestiture of substantial assets of the parties or
requiring the parties to license, or hold separate, assets or terminate existing relationships and contractual rights. At any time before or
after the completion of the Merger, and notwithstanding the termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act, any state could take
such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. Such action could include seeking to enjoin
the completion of the Merger or seeking divestiture of substantial assets of the parties. Private parties may also seek to take legal action
under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.

Other Regulatory Approvals

One or more governmental agencies may impose a condition, restriction, qualification, requirement or limitation when it grants
the necessary approvals and consents. Third parties may also seek to intervene in the regulatory process or litigate to enjoin or overturn
regulatory approvals, any of which actions could significantly impede or even preclude obtaining required regulatory approvals. There
is currently no way to predict how long it will take to obtain all of the required regulatory approvals or whether such approvals will
ultimately be obtained and there may be a substantial period of time between the approval by stockholders and the completion of the
Merger.

Although we expect that all required regulatory clearances and approvals will be obtained, we cannot assure you that these
regulatory clearances and approvals will be timely obtained, obtained at all or that the granting of these regulatory clearances and
approvals will not involve the imposition of additional conditions on the completion of the Merger, including the requirement to divest
assets, or require changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement. These conditions or changes could result in the conditions to the
Merger not being satisfied.
 

70



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 79/205

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following summary describes the material provisions of the Merger Agreement. The descriptions of the Merger Agreement in
this summary and elsewhere in this proxy statement are not complete and are qualified in their entirety by reference to the Merger
Agreement, a copy of which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. You
should carefully read and consider the entire Merger Agreement, which is the legal document that governs the Merger, because this
summary may not contain all the information about the Merger Agreement that is important to you. The rights and obligations of the
parties are governed by the express terms of the Merger Agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in
this proxy statement.

The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements described below and included in the Merger Agreement (1) were
made only for purposes of the Merger Agreement and as of specific dates; (2) were made solely for the benefit of the parties to the
Merger Agreement; and (3) may be subject to important qualifications, limitations and supplemental information agreed to by Xactly,
Parent and Merger Sub in connection with negotiating the terms of the Merger Agreement. In addition, the representations and
warranties may have been included in the Merger Agreement for the purpose of allocating contractual risk between Xactly, Parent and
Merger Sub rather than to establish matters as facts, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to such parties that
differ from those applicable to investors. Stockholders are not third-party beneficiaries under the Merger Agreement and should not
rely on the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state
of facts or condition of Xactly, Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective affiliates or businesses. Moreover, information
concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the Merger Agreement. In addition,
you should not rely on the covenants in the Merger Agreement as actual limitations on the respective businesses of Xactly, Parent and
Merger Sub, because the parties may take certain actions that are either expressly permitted in the confidential disclosure letter to the
Merger Agreement or as otherwise consented to by the appropriate party, which consent may be given without prior notice to the
public. The Merger Agreement is described below, and included as Annex A, only to provide you with information regarding its terms
and conditions, and not to provide any other factual information regarding Xactly, Parent, Merger Sub or their respective businesses.
Accordingly, the representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements in the Merger Agreement should not be read alone, and
you should read the information provided elsewhere in this document and in our filings with the SEC regarding Xactly and our
business.

Effects of the Merger; Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with the
DGCL, at the Effective Time: (1) Merger Sub will be merged with and into Xactly, with Xactly becoming a wholly owned direct
subsidiary of Parent; and (2) the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will thereupon cease. From and after the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation will possess all properties, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Xactly and Merger Sub, and all of the
debts, liabilities and duties of Xactly and Merger Sub will become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.

The parties will take all necessary action to ensure that, effective as of, and immediately following, the Effective Time, the board
of directors of the Surviving Corporation will consist of the directors of Merger Sub at the Effective Time, to hold office in accordance
with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until their successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified. From and after the Effective Time, the officers of Merger Sub at the Effective Time will be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation, until their successors are duly appointed. At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of Xactly as the Surviving
Corporation will be amended to read substantially identically to the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately
prior to the Effective Time, and the bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, will become the bylaws
of the Surviving Corporation, until thereafter amended.
 

71



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 80/205

Table of Contents

Closing and Effective Time

The closing of the Merger will take place no later than the second business day following the satisfaction or waiver of all
conditions to closing of the Merger (described below under the caption, “—Conditions to the Closing of the Merger”) (other than those
conditions to be satisfied at the closing of the Merger) or such other time agreed to in writing by Parent, Xactly and Merger Sub.
Concurrently with the closing of the Merger, the parties will file a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State for the State of
Delaware as provided under the DGCL. The Merger will become effective upon the filing of the certificate of merger, or at such later
time as is agreed by the parties and specified in the certificate of merger.

Merger Consideration

Common Stock

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any stockholder, each share of common stock (other than Excluded
Shares, which include, for example, shares of common stock owned by stockholders who have properly and validly exercised their
statutory rights of appraisal under Section 262 of the DGCL) outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
cancelled and extinguished, and automatically converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration, without interest
thereon and less any applicable withholding taxes.

Outstanding Company Options and Company RSUs

The Merger Agreement provides that Xactly’s equity awards that are outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time
will be subject to the following treatment at the Effective Time:

Company Options

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company Option, each Company Option that is
outstanding as of the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 

(i) for (1) any Vested Company Option and (2) any Additional Vesting Company Option, a cash amount equal to (i) the Per
Share Merger Consideration (less the exercise price per share, if any, attributable to such Company Option), multiplied by
(ii) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Vested Company Option and Additional
Vesting Company Option, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and

 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company Option, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the aggregate number of shares of Company
Common stock subject to such Unvested Company Option multiplied by (2) the excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger
Consideration over the applicable per share exercise price under such Unvested Company Option, which cash amount will
vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company Option for which such cash amount was exchanged would
have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s
continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates (including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting
dates; provided, however, that the payment of such Cash Replacement Company Option Amount may be accelerated in the
event the holder’s employment with Xactly is (i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing
Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (ii) is a party to a change of
control severance agreement, offer letter, employment agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting
acceleration of such holder’s Company Options and has a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement,
letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder satisfying certain conditions.

 
72



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 81/205

Table of Contents

Company RSUs

At the Effective Time, and without any action required by any holder of a Company RSU, each Company RSU that is outstanding
as of the Effective Time will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive:
 

 
(i) for (1) any Vested Company RSU and (2) any Additional Vesting Company RSU, a cash amount equal to the Per Share

Merger Consideration, subject to any required withholding for applicable taxes; and
 

 

(ii) for any Unvested Company RSU, a cash amount, without interest, equal to (1) the Per Share Merger Consideration
multiplied by (2) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Unvested Company RSU
immediately prior to the Effective Time, which cash amount will vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested
Company RSU for which such cash amount was exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to any required
withholding for applicable taxes and subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its affiliates
(including Xactly and its subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates; provided, however, that the payment of such
Cash Replacement Company RSU Amount may be accelerated in the event the holder’s employment with Xactly is
(i) terminated without “cause” within twelve months following the Closing Date (provided that this clause (i) will not apply
if the following clause (ii) could apply) or (i) is a party to a change of control severance agreement, offer letter, employment
agreement or any other agreement or contract that provides for vesting acceleration of such holder’s Company RSUs and has
a qualifying termination of employment under such agreement, letter, or contract, in each case, subject to the holder
satisfying certain conditions.

The calculation to determine the number of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be
performed individually for each holder of a Company Option or holder of an award of Company RSUs, as applicable, and on an award-
by-award basis for any holder who holds more than one Company Option or more than one award of Company RSUs, as applicable.

The determination of which Company Options and Company RSUs held by an individual holder thereof that will be converted
into Additional Vesting Awards shall be based on the relative vesting dates of the Company Options and Company RSUs held by such
individual such that such holder’s Cash Replacement Company Option Amounts and Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts shall
be granted in exchange for Company Options and Company RSUs with the longest remaining vesting periods.

The descriptions above reflect the clarifications to the definitions of Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting
Company RSUs as set forth in the amendment to the Merger Agreement dated June 20, 2017.

Exchange and Payment Procedures

Prior to the closing of the Merger, Parent will designate a bank or trust company reasonably satisfactory to Xactly (the “Payment
Agent”) to make payments of the Merger consideration to stockholders. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent will deposit or cause
to be deposited with the Payment Agent cash sufficient to pay the aggregate Per Share Merger Consideration to stockholders.

Promptly following the Effective Time (and in any event within three business days), the Payment Agent will send to each holder
of record of shares of common stock a check for payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration in exchange for such holder’s book-
entry shares. The amount of any Per Share Merger Consideration paid to stockholders may be reduced by any applicable withholding
taxes.

If any cash deposited with the Payment Agent is not claimed within one year following the Effective Time, such cash will be
returned to Parent, upon demand, and any holders of common stock who have not complied with the exchange procedures in the
Merger Agreement will thereafter look only to Parent as general creditor for
 

73



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 82/205

Table of Contents

payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration. Any cash deposited with the Payment Agent that remains unclaimed two years
following the Effective Time will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving Corporation free and
clear of any claims or interest of any person previously entitled thereto.

Representations and Warranties

The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of Xactly, Parent and Merger Sub.

Some of the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement made by Xactly are qualified as to “materiality” or
“Company Material Adverse Effect.” For purposes of the Merger Agreement, “Company Material Adverse Effect” means, with respect
to Xactly, any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, effect or circumstance that, individually or in the aggregate have occurred prior to
the date of determination of the occurrence of the Company Material Adverse Effect (1) is or would reasonably be expected to be
materially adverse to the business, financial condition or results of operations of Xactly and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole or
(2) would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or delay the consummation of the Merger, except that, with respect to
clause (1) only, none of the following (by itself or when aggregated) will be deemed to be or constitute a Company Material Adverse
Effect or will be taken into account when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred or may, would or
could occur:
 

 
•  changes in general economic conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world, or changes in

conditions in the global economy generally;
 

 

•  changes in conditions in the financial markets, credit markets or capital markets in the United States or any other country or
region in the world, including (1) changes in interest rates or credit ratings in the United States or any other country;
(2) changes in exchange rates for the currencies of any country; or (3) any suspension of trading in securities (whether
equity, debt, derivative or hybrid securities) generally on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market operating in the
United States or any other country or region in the world;

 

 
•  changes in conditions in the industries in which Xactly and its subsidiaries conduct business, including changes in

conditions in the software industry generally;
 

 •  changes in regulatory, legislative or political conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world;
 

 
•  any geopolitical conditions, outbreak of hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or military actions (including any

escalation or general worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or military actions) in the United
States or any other country or region in the world;

 

 
•  earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wild fires or other natural disasters, weather conditions and

other force majeure events in the United States or any other country or region in the world;
 

 
•  any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, effect or circumstance resulting from the announcement of the Merger Agreement

or the pendency of the Merger, including the impact thereof on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of Xactly and its
subsidiaries with employees, suppliers, customers, partners, vendors or any other third person;

 

 
•  the compliance by Parent, Merger Sub or Xactly with the terms of the Merger Agreement, including any action taken or

refrained from being taken pursuant to or in accordance with the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  any action taken or refrained from being taken, in each case to which Parent has expressly approved, consented to or

requested in writing following the date of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  changes or proposed changes in GAAP or other accounting standards or in any applicable laws or regulations (or the

enforcement or interpretation of any of the foregoing);
 

74



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 83/205

Table of Contents

 
•  changes in the price or trading volume of our common stock, in and of itself (it being understood that any cause of such

change may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may be taken into
consideration when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred);

 

 

•  any failure, in and of itself, by Xactly and its subsidiaries to meet (1) any public estimates or expectations of Xactly’s
revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period; or (2) any internal budgets, plans,
projections or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations (it being understood
that any cause of any such failure may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may
be taken into consideration when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred);

 

 •  the availability or cost of equity, debt or other financing to Parent or Merger Sub;
 

 

•  any transaction litigation or other legal proceeding threatened, made or brought by any of the current or former stockholders
of Xactly (on their own behalf or on behalf of Xactly) against Xactly, any of its executive officers or other employees or any
member of the Board of Directors arising out of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
and

 

 •  any matters expressly disclosed in the confidential disclosure letter to the Merger Agreement.

In the Merger Agreement, Xactly has made customary representations and warranties to Parent and Merger Sub that are subject,
in some cases, to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the Merger Agreement. These representations and warranties
relate to, among other things:
 

 
•  due organization, valid existence, good standing and authority and qualification to conduct business with respect to Xactly

and its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  Xactly’s corporate power and authority to enter into and perform the Merger Agreement, the enforceability of the Merger

Agreement and the absence of conflicts with laws, Xactly’s organizational documents and Xactly’s contracts;
 

 •  the organizational documents of Xactly and specified subsidiaries;
 

 •  the necessary approval of the Board of Directors;
 

 •  the rendering of J.P. Morgan’s fairness opinion to the Board of Directors;
 

 •  the inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes to the Merger;
 

 •  the necessary vote of stockholders in connection with the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the absence of any conflict, violation or material alteration of any organizational documents, existing contracts, applicable

laws to Xactly or its subsidiaries or the resulting creation of any lien upon Xactly’s assets due to the performance of the
Merger Agreement;

 

 •  required consents, approvals and regulatory filings in connection with the Merger Agreement and performance thereof;
 

 •  the capital structure of Xactly as well as the ownership and capital structure of its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  the absence of any undisclosed exchangeable security, option, warrant or other right convertible into common stock of

Xactly or any of Xactly’s subsidiaries;
 

 
•  the absence of any contract relating to the voting of, requiring registration of, or granting any preemptive rights, anti-dilutive

rights or rights of first refusal or other similar rights with respect to any of Xactly’s securities;
 

 •  the accuracy and required filings of Xactly’s SEC filings and financial statements;
 

 •  Xactly’s disclosure controls and procedures;
 

75



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 84/205

Table of Contents

 •  Xactly’s internal accounting controls and procedures;
 

 •  Xactly’s and its subsidiaries’ indebtedness;
 

 •  the absence of specified undisclosed liabilities;
 

 
•  the conduct of the business of Xactly and its subsidiaries in the ordinary course consistent with past practice and the absence

of any change, event, development or state of circumstances that has had or would be reasonably expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, in each case since February 1, 2017;

 

 
•  the existence and enforceability of specified categories of Xactly’s material contracts, and any notices with respect to

termination or intent not to renew those material contracts therefrom;
 

 •  real property leased or subleased by Xactly and its subsidiaries;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  trademarks, patents, copyrights and other intellectual property matters;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  employee benefit plans;
 

 •  labor matters;
 

 •  Xactly’s compliance with laws and possession of necessary permits;
 

 •  litigation matters;
 

 •  insurance matters;
 

 
•  absence of any transactions, relations or understandings between Xactly or any of its subsidiaries and any affiliate or related

person;
 

 •  payment of fees to brokers in connection with the Merger Agreement; and
 

 •  export controls matters and compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.

In the Merger Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have made customary representations and warranties to Xactly that are subject,
in some cases, to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the Merger Agreement. These representations and warranties
relate to, among other things:
 

 
•  due organization, good standing and authority and qualification to conduct business with respect to Parent and Merger Sub

and availability of these documents;
 

 
•  Parent’s and Merger Sub’s corporate authority to enter into and perform the Merger Agreement, the enforceability of the

Merger Agreement and the absence of conflicts with laws, Parent’s or Merger Sub’s organizational documents and Parent’s
or Merger Sub’s contracts;

 

 
•  the absence of any conflict, violation or material alteration of any organizational documents, existing contracts, applicable

laws or the resulting creation of any lien upon Parent or Merger Sub’s assets due to the performance of the Merger
Agreement;

 

 •  required consents and regulatory filings in connection with the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  the absence of litigation, orders and investigations;
 

 •  ownership of capital stock of Xactly;
 

 •  payment of fees to brokers in connection with the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  operations of Parent and Merger Sub;
 

 •  the absence of any required consent of holders of voting interests in Parent or Merger Sub;
 

76



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 85/205

Table of Contents

 •  delivery and enforceability of the Limited Guaranty;
 

 •  matters with respect to Parent’s financing and sufficiency of funds;
 

 •  the absence of agreements between Parent and members of the Board of Directors or Xactly management;
 

 •  the absence of any stockholder or management arrangements related to the Merger;
 

 
•  the solvency of Parent and the Surviving Corporation following the consummation of the Merger and the transactions

contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and
 

 •  the exclusivity and terms of the representations and warranties made by Xactly.

The representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement will not survive the consummation of the Merger.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

The Merger Agreement provides that, except as: (1) expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (2) approved by Parent
(which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (3) as disclosed in the confidential disclosure letter to
the Merger Agreement, during the period of time between the date of the signing of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time,
Xactly will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to:
 

 •  use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to maintain its existence in good standing pursuant to applicable law;
 

 
•  subject to the restrictions and exceptions in the Merger Agreement, conduct its business and operations in the ordinary

course of business; and
 

 
•  use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its current business organization, to keep available the services of

its current officers and employees, and to preserve its present relationships with customers, vendors, distributors and other
persons with which it has material business relationships.

In addition, Xactly has also agreed that, except as (1) expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (2) approved by Parent
(which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (3) as disclosed in the confidential disclosure letter to
the Merger Agreement, during the period of time between the date of the signing of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time,
Xactly will not, and will cause each of its subsidiaries not to, among other things:
 

 •  amend the organizational documents of Xactly or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 •  liquidate, dissolve or reorganize;
 

 
•  issue, sell, deliver or grant any shares of capital stock or any options, warrants, commitments, subscriptions or rights to

purchase any similar capital stock or securities of Xactly or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 •  adjust, split, combine, pledge, encumber or modify the terms of capital stock of Xactly or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 •  declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution;
 

 •  incur, assume or suffer any indebtedness or issue any debt securities;
 

 •  purchase or sell any asset in excess of $250,000;
 

 
•  (A) enter into, adopt, amend (including accelerating the vesting), modify or terminate any compensation or benefit plan or

arrangement of any director, officer or employee, (B) increase the
 

77



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 86/205

Table of Contents

 

compensation payable or to become payable or benefits or other similar arrangements provided or pay any special bonus or
special remuneration or pay any benefit not required by (or accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any payment
becoming due under) any employee plan as in effect as of the Merger Agreement to directors, officers or employees of
Xactly or its subsidiaries (other than, in each case of (A) and (B): (1) as may be required by applicable law; (2) in connection
with any new employee hires in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices and whose annual salary
is less than $250,000; or (3) for increases in compensation for employees below the level of vice president and whose annual
salary is less than $250,000 in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice); or (C) enter into any
change in control, severance or similar arrangement or any retention or similar agreement with any officer, employee,
director or independent contractor;

 

 •  effect certain layoffs without complying with applicable laws;
 

 •  settle litigation involving Xactly;
 

 •  change accounting practices;
 

 •  change tax elections or settle any tax claims;
 

 
•  make capital expenditures in excess of $500,000 individually or $2.5 million in the aggregate, other than to the extent that

such capital expenditures are otherwise reflected in Xactly’s capital expenditure budget, as previously disclosed to Parent;
 

 •  enter into Material Contracts (as defined in the Merger Agreement);
 

 
•  make any acquisitions by Merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets or enter into any joint ventures or similar

arrangements, but not including strategic relationships, alliances, reseller agreements and similar commercial relationships);
 

 •  enter into any collective bargaining agreement;
 

 •  adopt or implement any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement; or
 

 •  enter into agreements to do any of the foregoing.

No Solicitation of Other Offers

From the date of the Merger Agreement until the earlier to occur of the termination of the Merger Agreement and the Effective
Time, Xactly has agreed not to, and to cause its subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives not to:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate, propose or induce or knowingly encourage, facilitate or assist any inquiries regarding any proposal or offer

that constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  engage in discussions or negotiations regarding, or provide any non-public information to, any person relating to, or that

would reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal;
 

 

•  furnish to any person (other than to Parent, Merger Sub or any designees of Parent or Merger Sub) any non-public
information relating to Xactly or any of its subsidiaries or afford to any person access to the business, properties, assets,
books, records or other non-public information, or to any personnel, of Xactly or any of its subsidiaries (other than Parent,
Merger Sub or any designees of Parent or Merger Sub), in any such case with the intent to induce the making, submission or
announcement of, or to knowingly encourage, facilitate or assist, any proposal or inquiry that constitutes, or is reasonably
expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal or any inquiries or the making of any proposal that would reasonably be
expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal;

 

 
•  approve, endorse or recommend any proposal that constitutes, or is reasonably expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal;

or
 

78



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 87/205

Table of Contents

 
•  enter into any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, Merger Agreement, acquisition agreement or other contract

relating to an Acquisition Transaction (as defined below), other than certain permitted confidentiality agreements.

In addition, Xactly has agreed to request the prompt return or destruction of all non-public information concerning Xactly or its
subsidiaries furnished to any person with whom a confidentiality agreement was entered into at any time within the three month period
immediately preceding the date of on which the Merger Agreement was executed and will cease providing any further information with
respect to Xactly or any Acquisition Proposal to any such persons or their respective Representatives and will terminate all access
granted to any such persons or their respective Representatives to any physical or electronic data room.

Notwithstanding these restrictions, under certain circumstances, prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders,
Xactly may, among other things, provide information to, and engage or participate in negotiations or substantive discussions with, a
person in respect of an Acquisition Proposal, and otherwise facilitate such Acquisition Proposal or assist such person (and its
Representatives and financing sources) with such Acquisition Proposal (in each case, if requested by such person and such Acquisition
Proposal did not result from any material breach of Xactly’s obligations, as described in the immediately preceding paragraph) if (and
only if) the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and its
outside legal counsel) that such Acquisition Proposal either constitutes a Superior Proposal (as defined in the section of this proxy
statement captioned “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement—No Solicitation of Other Offers”) or is reasonably likely to lead
to a Superior Proposal, and, in each case, the failure to act in respect of such Acquisition Proposal would be inconsistent with the
Board of Directors’ fiduciary duties to stockholders under applicable law. For more information, please see the section of this proxy
statement captioned “—No Solicitation of Other Offers.”

Xactly is not entitled to terminate the Merger Agreement for the purpose of entering into an agreement in respect of a Superior
Proposal, unless it complies with certain procedures in the Merger Agreement, including, but not limited to, negotiating with Parent in
good faith over a two business day period in an effort to amend the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, so that such
Superior Proposal no longer constitutes “Superior Proposal” relative to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, as
amended pursuant to such negotiations.

If Xactly terminates the Merger Agreement for the purpose of entering into an agreement in respect of a Superior Proposal,
Xactly must pay an $18.5 million termination fee to Parent. For more information, please see the section of this proxy statement
captioned “—The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change.”

For purposes of this proxy statement and the Merger Agreement:

“Acquisition Proposal” means any offer or proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Parent or Merger Sub) to engage in an
Acquisition Transaction.

“Acquisition Transaction” means any transaction or series of related transactions (other than the Merger) involving:

(1) any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by any person or “group” (as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) of persons, whether from Xactly or any other person(s), of securities representing more than 15% of the total
outstanding voting power of Xactly after giving effect to the consummation of such purchase or other acquisition, including
pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer by any person or “group” of persons that, if consummated in accordance with its
terms, would result in such person or “group” of persons beneficially owning more than 15% of the total outstanding voting
power of Xactly after giving effect to the consummation of such tender or exchange offer;

 
79



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 88/205

Table of Contents

(2) any direct or indirect purchase, license or other acquisition by any person or “group” (as defined pursuant to
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of persons of assets constituting or accounting for more than 15% of the consolidated assets,
revenue or net income of Xactly and its subsidiaries taken as a whole (measured by the fair market value thereof as of the date of
such purchase or acquisition); or

(3) any Merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution or other
transaction involving Xactly pursuant to which any person or “group” (as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act)
of persons would hold securities representing more than 15% of the total outstanding voting power of Xactly outstanding after
giving effect to the consummation of such transaction.

“Superior Proposal” means any bona fide written Acquisition Proposal for an Acquisition Transaction on terms that the Board of
Directors (or a committee thereof) has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel)
is reasonably likely to be consummated in accordance with its terms, taking into account all legal, regulatory and financing aspects of
the proposal (including certainty of closing) and the identity of the person making the proposal and other aspects of the Acquisition
Proposal that the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) deems relevant, and if consummated, would be more favorable, from a
financial point of view, to Xactly’s stockholders (in their capacity as such) than the Merger (taking into account any revisions to the
Merger Agreement made or proposed in writing by Parent prior to the time of such determination). For purposes of the reference to an
“Acquisition Proposal” in this definition, all references to “15%” in the definition of “Acquisition Transaction” will be deemed to be
references to “50%.”

The Board of Directors’ Recommendation; Company Board Recommendation Change

As described above, and subject to the provisions described below, the Board of Directors has made the recommendation that the
holders of shares of common stock vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement provides that the
Board of Directors will not effect a Company Board Recommendation Change except as described below.

Prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, the Board of Directors may not take any action described in the
following (any such action, a “Company Board Recommendation Change”):
 

 
•  withhold, withdraw, amend, qualify or modify, or publicly propose to withhold, withdraw, amend, qualify or modify, the

Xactly recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent in any material respect;
 

 •  adopt, approve, endorse, recommend or otherwise declare advisable an Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  fail to publicly reaffirm the Xactly recommendation within ten business days after Parent so requests in writing (it being

understood that Xactly will have no obligation to make such reaffirmation on more than three separate occasions);
 

 

•  take or fail to take any formal action or make or fail to make any recommendation or public statement in connection with a
tender or exchange offer, other than a recommendation against such offer or a “stop, look and listen” communication by the
Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) to Xactly’s stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the
Exchange Act (or any substantially similar communication) (it being understood that the Board of Directors (or a committee
thereof) may refrain from taking a position with respect to an Acquisition Proposal until the close of business on the tenth
business day after the commencement of a tender or exchange offer in connection with such Acquisition Proposal without
such action being considered a violation of the Merger Agreement); or

 

 •  fail to include the Xactly recommendation in this proxy statement.

Notwithstanding the restrictions described above, prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, the Board of
Directors may effect a Company Board Recommendation Change if (1) there has been an Intervening Event (as defined below); or
(2) Xactly has received a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that the
 

80



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 89/205

Table of Contents

Board of Directors has concluded in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) is a Superior
Proposal and which did not result from any material breach of Xactly’s obligations as described in the section of this proxy statement
captioned “—No Solicitation of Other Offers”, in each case, to the extent a failure to effect a Company Board Recommendation
Change would be inconsistent with the Board of Directors’ fiduciary obligations under applicable law.

The Board of Directors may only effect a Board of Directors Recommendation Change for an Intervening Event if:
 

 
•  Xactly has provided prior written notice to Parent at least two business days in advance to the effect that the Board of

Directors (or a committee thereof) has (1) so determined; and (2) resolved to effect a Company Board Recommendation
Change pursuant to Merger Agreement, which notice must specify the applicable Intervening Event in reasonable detail; and

 

 

•  prior to effecting such Company Board Recommendation Change, Xactly and its Representatives, during such two business
day period, must have (1) negotiated with Parent and its Representatives in good faith (to the extent that Parent desires to so
negotiate) to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement so that the Board of Directors (or
a committee thereof) no longer determines that the failure to make a Company Board Recommendation Change in response
to such Intervening Event would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable law; and (2) permitted
Parent and its Representatives to make a presentation to the Board of Directors regarding the Merger Agreement and any
adjustments with respect thereto (to the extent that Parent requests to make such a presentation).

In addition, the Board of Directors may only effect a Company Board Recommendation Change in response to a bona fide
Acquisition Proposal that the Board of Directors has concluded in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside
legal counsel) is a Superior Proposal if:
 

 
•  the Board of Directors (or a committee thereof) has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor

and outside legal counsel) that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable
law;

 

 

•  Xactly has provided prior written notice to Parent at least two business days in advance to the effect that the Board of
Directors (or a committee thereof) has (1) received a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that has not been withdrawn and which
terms and proposals have been previously provided to Parent; (2) concluded in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal
constitutes a Superior Proposal; and (3) resolved to effect a Company Board Recommendation Change or to terminate the
Merger Agreement absent any revision to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, which notice will specify the
basis for such Company Board Recommendation Change or termination, including the identity of the person of “group” of
persons making such Acquisition Proposal (unless such disclosure is prohibited pursuant to the terms of any confidentiality
agreement with such person or “group” of persons that was in effect on the date of the Merger Agreement), the material
terms thereof and copies of all relevant documents relating to such Acquisition Proposal;

 

 

•  prior to effecting such Company Board Recommendation Change or termination, Xactly and its Representatives, during the
two business day notice period describe above, has: (1) negotiated with Parent and its Representatives in good faith (to the
extent that Parent desires to so negotiate) to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement so
that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Superior Proposal; and (2) permitted Parent and its
Representatives to make a presentation to the Board of Directors regarding the Merger Agreement and any adjustments with
respect thereto (to the extent that Parent requests to make such a presentation);

 

 

•  in the event of any termination of the Merger Agreement in order to cause or permit Xactly or any of its subsidiaries to enter
into an acquisition agreement with respect to such Acquisition Proposal, Xactly has validly terminated the Merger
Agreement in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, including paying to Parent a termination fee of $18.5
million; and

 
81



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 90/205

Table of Contents

 
•  Xactly has otherwise complied in all material respects with its obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement with respect to

such Acquisition Proposal.

For purposes of this proxy statement and the Merger Agreement, an “Intervening Event” means any positive material event or
development or material change in circumstances with respect to Xactly (other than in connection with a bona fide Acquisition
Proposal that constitutes a Superior Proposal) that was (1) not actually known to, or reasonably expected by, the Board of Directors as
of the date on which the Merger Agreement was executed; or (2) does not relate to (a) any Acquisition Proposal; or (b) the mere fact, in
and of itself, that Xactly meets or exceeds any internal or published projections, forecasts, estimates or predictions of revenue, earnings
or other financial or operating metrics for any period ending on or after the date of the Merger Agreement, or changes after the date of
the Merger Agreement in the market price or trading volume of Xactly’s common stock or credit rating, it being understood that the
underlying cause of any of the foregoing in clause (b) may be considered and taken into account).

Employee Benefits

Parent has agreed to cause the Surviving Corporation to honor all the terms of Xactly’s benefit plans and compensation and
severance arrangements following the Merger in accordance with their terms as in effect immediately before the Effective Time. In
addition, for a period of one year following the Effective Time, each Continuing Employee will be provided with employee benefit
plans or other compensation and severance arrangements (other than equity-based benefits and individual employment agreements,
except as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph) at benefit levels that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to those
provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time, in each case, either through (i) Xactly’s benefit plans
and arrangements in existence immediately prior to the Effective Time, (ii) comparable plans, or some combination of (i) and (ii). In
each case, base compensation and target incentive compensation opportunity will not be decreased for a period of one year following
the Effective Time for any Continuing Employee employed during that period.

The Surviving Corporation will grant any Continuing Employee credit for all service with Xactly and its subsidiaries prior to the
Effective Time for purposes of eligibility to participate, vesting and entitlement to benefits where length of service is relevant
(including for purposes of vacation accrual and severance pay entitlement), except where service crediting would result in duplication
of coverage or benefits.

Efforts to Close the Merger

Under the Merger Agreement, Parent, Merger Sub and Xactly agreed to use reasonable best efforts to take all actions and assist
and cooperate with the other parties, in each case as necessary, proper and advisable pursuant to applicable law or otherwise to
consummate the Merger.

Indemnification and Insurance

The Merger Agreement provides that all existing rights to exculpation, indemnification and the advancement of expenses for acts
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time existing as of the signing of the Merger Agreement in favor of the current or
former directors, officers or employees of Xactly or Xactly’s subsidiaries (in each case, as provided in the respective organizational
documents of Xactly or such subsidiary) or in any indemnification agreement between Xactly or any of its subsidiaries, on the one
hand, and the current or former directors, officers or employees of Xactly or Xactly’s subsidiaries, on the other hand, as in effect on the
date on which the Merger Agreement was signed, will survive the Merger and will continue in full force and effect for a period of six
years from the Effective Time, in each case, except as otherwise required by applicable law.

In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that, during the six-year period commencing at the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation will (and Parent must cause the Surviving Corporation to) indemnify and hold
 

82



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 91/205

Table of Contents

harmless each current or former director, officer or employee of Xactly or Xactly’s subsidiaries, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
from and against all costs, fees and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and investigation expenses), judgments, fines, losses, claims,
damages, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement or compromise in connection with any legal proceeding arising, directly or
indirectly, out of or pertaining, directly or indirectly, to (1) any action or omission, or alleged action or omission, in such indemnified
person’s capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent of Xactly or Xactly’s subsidiaries or other affiliates to the extent that such
action or omission, or alleged action or omission, occurred prior to or at the Effective Time; and (2) the Merger, as well as any actions
taken by Xactly, Parent or Merger Sub with respect thereto. The Merger Agreement also provides that the Surviving Corporation will
(and Parent must cause the Surviving Corporation to) advance all fees and expenses (including fees and expenses of any counsel) as
incurred by any such indemnified person in the defense of such legal proceeding.

In addition, without limiting the foregoing, unless Xactly has purchased a “tail” policy prior to the Effective Time (which Xactly
may purchase, provided that the premium for such insurance does not exceed 300% of the aggregate annual premiums currently paid),
the Merger Agreement requires Parent to cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain, on terms no less advantageous to the
indemnified parties, Xactly’s directors’ and officers’ insurance policies for a period of at least six years commencing at the Effective
Time. Neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation will be required to pay premiums for such policy to the extent such premiums
exceed, on an annual basis, 300% of the aggregate annual premiums currently paid by Xactly, and if the premium for such insurance
coverage would exceed such amount Parent shall be obligated to cause the Surviving Corporation to obtain the greatest coverage
available for a cost equal to such amount.

For more information, please refer to the section of this proxy statement captioned “The Merger—Interests of Xactly’s Directors
and Executive Officers in the Merger.”

Other Covenants

Stockholders Meeting

Xactly has agreed to take all necessary action (in accordance with applicable law and Xactly’s organizational documents) to
establish a Record Date for, duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a Special Meeting of the stockholders as promptly as
reasonably practicable after the date of the Merger Agreement for the purpose of voting upon the adoption of the Merger Agreement,
and approval of the Merger.

Stockholder Litigation

Xactly will: (1) provide Parent with prompt notice of all stockholder litigation relating to the Merger Agreement; (2) keep Parent
reasonably informed with respect to status thereof; (3) give Parent the opportunity to participate in the defense, settlement or
prosecution of any such litigation; and (4) will consult with Parent with respect to the defense, settlement or prosecution of such
litigation. Xactly may not settle any such litigation without Parent’s prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably
withheld, delayed or conditioned).

Conditions to the Closing of the Merger

The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub, on the one hand, and Xactly, on the other hand, to consummate the Merger is subject
to the satisfaction or waiver (where permitted by applicable law) of each of the following conditions:
 

 •  the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the requisite affirmative vote of stockholders;
 

 •  the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act; and
 

 
•  the consummation of the Merger not being restrained, enjoined, rendered illegal or otherwise prohibited by any law or order

of any governmental authority.
 

83



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 92/205

Table of Contents

In addition, the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where
permitted by applicable law) of each of the following additional conditions:
 

 

•  the representations and warranties of Xactly relating to organization, good standing, corporate power, enforceability, anti-
takeover laws, certain aspects of Xactly’s capitalization, brokers and the absence of any Company Material Adverse Effect
being generally true and correct in all material respects as of the date on which the closing occurs as if made at and as of
such time;

 

 

•  the representations and warranties of Xactly relating to certain aspects of Xactly’s capitalization being generally true and
correct in all respects as of the date on which the closing occurs, except where the failure to be so true and correct in all
respects would not reasonably be expected to result in additional cost, expense or liability to Xactly, Parent and their
affiliates, individually or in the aggregate, that is more than $2.5 million;

 

 
•  the other representations and warranties of Xactly set forth elsewhere in the Merger Agreement being true and correct as of

the date on which the closing occurs as if made at and as of such time, except for such failures to be true and correct that
would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

 

 

•  Xactly having performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and conditions of the Merger
Agreement and complied with by Xactly, and the absence of any breach or breaches of the interim operating covenants that
results or would be expected to result in additional cost, expense or liability to Xactly, Parent or their Affiliates that is more
than $1,500,000 in the aggregate;

 

 
•  the receipt by Parent and Merger Sub of a certificate of Xactly, validly executed for and on behalf of Xactly and in its name

by a duly authorized executive officer thereof, certifying that the conditions set described the preceding four bullets have
been satisfied; and

 

 
•  the absence of any Company Material Adverse Effect having occurred after the date of Merger Agreement that is continuing

as of the Effective Time.

In addition, the obligation of Xactly to consummate the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permitted by
applicable law) of each of the following additional conditions:
 

 

•  the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in the Merger Agreement being true and correct on
and as of the date on which the closing occurs with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date, except for
any failure to be so true and correct that would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective covenants and
obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  Parent and Merger Sub having performed and complied in all material respects with all covenants, obligations and

conditions of the Merger Agreement required to be performed and complied with by Parent or Merger Sub at or prior to the
Effective Time; and

 

 
•  the receipt by Xactly of a certificate of Parent and Merger Sub, validly executed for and on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub

and in their respective names by a duly authorized executive officer thereof, certifying that the conditions described in the
preceding two bullets have been satisfied.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the adoption of the
Merger Agreement by stockholders, in the following ways:
 

 •  by mutual written agreement of Xactly and Parent;
 

 •  by either Xactly or Parent if:
 

 
•  prior to the Effective Time, (1) any permanent injunction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition

preventing the consummation of the Merger is in effect, that, prohibits, makes illegal
 

84



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 93/205

Table of Contents

 
or enjoins the consummation of the Merger and has become final and non-appealable; or (2) any statute, rule,
regulation or order is enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger that prohibits, makes illegal or
enjoins the consummation of the Merger;

 

 
•  the Merger has not been consummated by 11:59 p.m., Pacific time, on November 29, 2017 (the “Termination Date”);

or
 

 •  stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof;
 

 •  by Xactly if:
 

 

•  Parent or Merger Sub has breached or failed to perform any of its respective representations, warranties, covenants or
other agreements set forth in the Merger Agreement such that certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement
are not satisfied, and such breach is not capable of being cured, or is not cured, before the earlier of the Termination
Date or the date that is 45 calendar days following Xactly’s delivery of written notice of such breach; or

 

 

•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders and so long as Xactly is not then in material breach of
its obligations related to Acquisition Proposals and Superior Proposals, in order to enter into a definitive agreement
with respect to a Superior Proposal in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, subject to Xactly paying
to Parent a termination fee of $18.5 million; and

 

 •  by Parent if:
 

 

•  Xactly has breached or failed to perform any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements set
forth in the Merger Agreement such that certain conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement are not satisfied and
such breach is not capable of being cured, or is not cured, before the earlier of the Termination Date or the date that is
45 calendar days following Parent’s delivery of written notice of such breach; or

 

 
•  prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, the Board of Directors effects a Company Board

Recommendation Change (except that such right to terminate will expire at 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on the 10th
business day following that Company Board Recommendation Change).

In the event that the Merger Agreement is terminated pursuant to the termination rights above, the Merger Agreement will be of
no further force or effect without liability of any party to the other parties, as applicable, except certain sections of the Merger
Agreement will survive the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with their respective terms, including terms relating to
reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in the Merger Agreement will relieve any
party from any liability for any willful and material breach of the Merger Agreement. In addition, no termination of the Merger
Agreement will affect the rights or obligations of any party pursuant to the confidentiality agreement between an affiliate of Vista and
Xactly or the Limited Guaranty, which rights, obligations and agreements will survive the termination of the Merger Agreement in
accordance with their respective terms.

Termination Fee

If the Merger Agreement is terminated in specified circumstances, Xactly has agreed to pay Parent a termination fee of $18.5
million.

Parent will be entitled to receive the termination fee from Xactly if the Merger Agreement is terminated:
 

 
•  (a) by either Parent or Xactly because (i) the Merger closing has not occurred by the Termination Date; or (ii) the

stockholders fail to adopt the Merger Agreement; or (b) by Parent because Xactly has
 

85



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 94/205

Table of Contents

 

materially breached its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements in the Merger Agreement; (2) any person has
made (since the date of the Merger Agreement and prior to its termination) an Acquisition Proposal that is not withdrawn or
otherwise abandoned; and (3) Xactly enters into an agreement relating to, or consummates, an Acquisition Transaction
within 12 months of such termination (provided that, for purposes of the termination fee, all references to “15%” in the
definition of “Acquisition Transaction” are deemed to be references to “50%”);

 

 
•  by Parent, because the Board of Directors has effected a Company Board Recommendation Change (which termination must

occur by 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on the 10th business day following the date on which such right to terminate first arose); or
 

 •  by Xactly, to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a Superior Proposal.

Specific Performance

Parent, Merger Sub and Xactly are entitled to an injunction, specific performance and other equitable relief to prevent breaches
(or threatened breaches) of the Merger Agreement and to enforce the terms of the Merger Agreement, in addition to any other remedy
to which they are entitled at law or in equity. In addition, Xactly is also entitled to seek an injunction, specific performance or other
equitable relief to cause the equity financing to be funded on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Equity
Commitment Letters.

Limitations of Liability

The maximum aggregate liability of Parent and Merger Sub for breaches under the Merger Agreement, the Limited Guaranty or
the Equity Commitment Letters will not exceed, in the aggregate for all such breaches, an amount equal to $36.9 million plus the
Reimbursement Obligations. The maximum aggregate liability of Xactly for breaches under the Merger Agreement (taking into
account the payment of the termination fee, if applicable) will not exceed $18.5 million in the aggregate for all such breaches and any
indemnification. Notwithstanding such limitations of liability, Parent, Merger Sub and Xactly will be entitled to an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief as provided in the Merger Agreement.

Fees and Expenses

Except in specified circumstances, whether or not the Merger is completed, Xactly, on the one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub,
on the other hand, are each responsible for all of their respective costs and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Amendment

The Merger Agreement may be amended in writing at any time before or after adoption of the Merger Agreement by
stockholders. However, after adoption of the Merger Agreement by stockholders, no amendment that requires further approval by such
stockholders pursuant to the DGCL may be made without such approval.

Governing Law

The Merger Agreement is governed by Delaware law.
 

86



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 95/205

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 2: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING

We are asking you to approve a proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary or appropriate to
solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting. If
stockholders approve the adjournment proposal, we could adjourn the Special Meeting and any adjourned session of the Special
Meeting and use the additional time to solicit additional proxies, including solicitation proxies from stockholders that have previously
returned properly executed proxies voting against adoption of the Merger Agreement. Among other things, approval of the
adjournment proposal could mean that, even if we had received proxies representing a sufficient number of votes against adoption of
the Merger Agreement such that the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement would be defeated, we could adjourn the Special Meeting
without a vote on the adoption of the Merger Agreement and seek to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to votes
in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement. Additionally, we may seek to adjourn the Special Meeting if a quorum is not present or
otherwise at the discretion of the chairman of the Special Meeting.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” this proposal.
 

87



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 96/205

Table of Contents

MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND DATA

Our common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “XTLY.” As of June 28, 2017, there were 32,212,469 shares of
common stock outstanding, held by approximately 137 stockholders of record. We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on
our common stock.

The following table presents the high and low intra-day sale prices of our common stock on the NYSE during the fiscal quarters
indicated:
 

   High    Low  
Fiscal Year 2018—Quarter Ended     
May 1 to June 28   $15.75   $11.35 
April 30    12.65    10.95 
Fiscal Year 2017—Quarter Ended     
January 31   $14.90   $10.60 
October 31    16.10    12.21 
July 31    13.34    7.71 
April 30    8.09    4.68 
Fiscal Year 2016—Quarter Ended     
January 31   $10.00   $ 6.34 
October 31    10.67    6.12 
July 31    10.09    6.09 

On June 28, 2017, the latest practicable trading day before the printing of this proxy statement, the closing price for our common
stock on the NYSE was $15.61 per share. You are encouraged to obtain current market quotations for our common stock.

Following the Merger, there will be no further market for our common stock and it will be delisted from the NYSE and
deregistered under the Exchange Act. As a result, following the Merger we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC.
 

88



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 97/205

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth information regarding beneficial ownership of our common stock as of June 23, 2017 by:
 

 •  each person or group of affiliated persons known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5% of our common stock;
 

 •  each of our named executive officers;
 

 •  each of our directors; and
 

 •  all of our current executive officers and directors as a group.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC and the information is not necessarily
indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Unless otherwise indicated below, to our knowledge, the persons and entities
named in the table have sole voting and sole investment power with respect to all shares that they beneficially own, subject to
community property laws where applicable. In computing the number of shares of our common stock beneficially owned by a person
and the percentage ownership of that person, we deemed outstanding shares of our common stock subject to options or restricted stock
units held by that person that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of June 23, 2017. We did not deem these shares
outstanding, however, for the purpose of computing the percentage ownership of any other person. We have based percentage
ownership of our common stock on 32,070,650 shares of our common stock outstanding as of June 23, 2017. Unless otherwise
indicated, the address of each beneficial owner listed on the table below is c/o Xactly Corporation, 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San
Jose, CA 95110.
 

Name of Beneficial Owner   

Number of
Shares

Beneficially
Owned    

Percent of
Shares

Outstanding 
5% Stockholders:     

Entities affiliated with Bay Partners(1)    2,443,759    7.6 
Entities affiliated with Rembrandt Venture Partners(2)    2,389,892    7.4 
Entities affiliated with Alloy Ventures(3)    2,386,922    7.4 
T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.(4)    2,163,204    6.7 

Named Executive Officers and Directors:     
Christopher W. Cabrera(5)    1,420,875    4.3 
Joseph C. Consul(6)    246,391    * 
L. Evan Ellis, Jr.(7)    482,020    1.5 
Gerald S. Casilli(8)    2,584,277    8.0 
Neal Dempsey(9)    2,443,759    7.6 
Lauren P. Flaherty(10)    14,375    * 
Earl E. Fry(11)    179,364    * 
Scott A. McGregor(12)    24,375    * 
Carol G. Mills(13)    78,863    * 
David W. Pidwell(14)    133,754    * 
John P. Ward, Jr.(15)    9,364    * 
All current executive officers and directors as a group

(9 persons)(16)    7,474,299    22.2 
 
* Represents beneficial ownership of less than 1%.
(1) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 2, 2017, includes (i) 2,315,466 shares held

by Bay Partners X, L.P. and (ii) 128,293 shares held by Bay Partners X Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P. Neal Dempsey, one of our
directors, and Stuart G. Phillips are the managers of the

 
89



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 98/205

Table of Contents

 
funds’ general partner, Bay Management Company X, LLC, and share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Bay
Partners X, L.P. and Bay Partners X Entrepreneurs Fund, L.P. The address for each of these entities is c/o Bay Partners, 2180 Sand
Hill Road, Suite 345, Menlo Park, California 94025.

(2) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 8, 2017 and updated from Company
records, includes (i) 1,734,600 shares held of record by Rembrandt Venture Partners II, L.P. (RVP II); (ii) 653,330 shares held of
record by Rembrandt Venture Partners Fund Two, L.P. (RVPF 2); and (iii) 1,962 shares held of record by Rembrandt Venture
Partners Fund Two-A, L.P. (RVPF 2-A). Gerald S. Casilli, one of our directors, and Douglas Schrier, as the managing members of
Rembrandt Venture Partners II LLC, the general partner of RVP II, share voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares
held by RVP II. Messrs. Casilli and Schrier and Scott Irwin, as the managing members of Rembrandt Venture Partners Fund Two,
LLC, the general partner of RVPF 2 and RVPF 2-A, share voting and dispositive power with respect to the shares held by RVPF 2
and RVPF 2-A. The address for each of these entities is c/o Rembrandt Venture Partners, 600 Montgomery Street, 44th Floor, San
Francisco, California 94111.

(3) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 3, 2017, consists of 2,386,922 shares held
of record by Alloy Ventures 2005, L.P. (Alloy Ventures 2005). Craig C. Taylor, John F. Shoch, Douglas E. Kelly, Tony Di Bona,
Daniel Rubin, Ammar H. Hanafi and Michael W. Hunkapiller are the managing members of Alloy Ventures 2005, LLC, the
general partner of Alloy Ventures 2005, and share voting and dispositive power over the shares held by Alloy Ventures 2005.
Mr. Taylor holds sole voting and dispositive power with respect to an additional 5,000 shares and Mr. Hanafi holds sole voting
and dispositive power with respect to an additional 4,500 shares. The address for these entities is c/o Alloy Ventures, 400
Hamilton Avenue, 4th floor, Palo Alto, California 94301.

(4) Based on information contained in a Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 7, 2017, T. Rowe Price Associates, Inc.
(Price Associates), an investment advisor, holds sole voting power with respect to 359,504 shares and T. Rowe Price Small-Cap
Value Fund, Inc., an investment company, holds sole voting power with respect to 1,786,000 shares. Price Associates holds sole
dispositive power with respect to all of the reported shares. The address for these entities is 100 E. Pratt Street, Baltimore,
Maryland 21202.

(5) Consists of (i) 70,080 shares held of record by Mr. Cabrera; (ii) 535,879 shares held of record by the Cabrera 2000 Revocable
Living Trust dated October 23, 2000 for which Mr. Cabrera serves as a trustee of which 528,729 shares are pledged as collateral
to secure a line of credit; (iii) 25,000 shares held of record by Mr. Cabrera as custodian for his daughter; (iv) 25,000 shares held of
record by Mr. Cabrera as custodian for his son; and (v) 764,916 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of June 23,
2017.

(6) Consists of (i) 6,505 shares held of record by Mr. Consul and (ii) 239,886 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
June 23, 2017.

(7) Consists of (i) 206,761 shares held of record by Mr. Ellis and (ii) 275,259 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
June 23, 2017.

(8) Consists of (i) the shares disclosed in footnote (2) above which are held by entities affiliated with Rembrandt Venture Partners;
(ii) 127,761 shares held of record by the Casilli Family Holdings for which Mr. Casilli serves as a partner; (iii) 52,065 shares held
of record by Casilli Investment Partners for which Mr. Casilli serves as a partner; and (iv) 14,559 shares held of record by the
Casilli Revocable Trust for which Mr. Casilli serves as a trustee.

(9) Consists of the shares listed in footnote (1) above, which are held of record by Bay Partners. Mr. Dempsey is a member of Bay
Management Company X, LLC.

(10) Consists of 14,375 shares held of record by Ms. Flaherty.
(11) Consists of (i) 32,500 shares held of record by Mr. Fry; (ii) 9,364 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs within 60 days of June 23,

2017; and (iii) 137,500 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of June 23, 2017.
(12) Consists of 24,375 shares held of record by Mr. McGregor.
(13) Consists of (i) 9,364 shares issuable upon vesting of RSUs within 60 days of June 23, 2017 and (ii) 69,499 shares subject to

options exercisable within 60 days of June 23, 2017.
(14) Consists of 133,754 shares held of record by Golden Hills Holdings, LLLP for which Mr. Pidwell serves as a general partner. Mr.

Pidwell ceased as a director of the Company on June 20, 2017, the date of our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders.
 

90



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 99/205

Table of Contents

(15) Consists of 9,364 shares held of record by Mr. Ward. Mr. Ward ceased as a director of the Company on June 20, 2017, the date of
our 2017 annual meeting of stockholders.

(16) Consists of (i) 5,968,511 shares beneficially owned by our current executive officers and directors; (ii) 18,728 shares issuable
upon vesting of RSUs within 60 days of June 23, 2017; and (iii) 1,487,060 shares subject to options exercisable within 60 days of
June 23, 2017.

 
91



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 100/205

Table of Contents

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the Merger is completed, we will have no public stockholders and there will be no public participation in any future meetings of
stockholders of Xactly. However, if the Merger is not completed, stockholders will continue to be entitled to attend and participate in
stockholder meetings.

Xactly will hold its regular annual stockholders meeting in 2018 only if the Merger is not completed.

Proposals of stockholders that are intended to be considered for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to our regular annual
stockholders meeting in 2018 (if held), must have been received by us at our principal executive offices at 300 Park Avenue, Suite
1700, San Jose, CA 95110, Attention: Secretary, by January 11, 2018, and must have satisfied the conditions established by the SEC,
including, but not limited to, Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and in our bylaws for stockholder proposals in order to
be included in our proxy statement for that meeting. Please note that if we hold our regular annual stockholders meeting in 2018, and
we do so more than 30 days before or after June 20, 2018 (the one-year anniversary date of the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders),
we will disclose the new deadline by which stockholder proposals must be received under Item 5 of Part II of our earliest possible
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or, if impracticable, by any means reasonably determined to inform stockholders.

Alternatively, under our bylaws, if a stockholder would like to propose a matter for presentation at our regular annual
stockholders meeting in 2018 (if held), rather than for inclusion in the proxy materials, the stockholder must follow certain procedures
contained in our bylaws.

Under our bylaws, in order for a matter to be deemed properly presented by a stockholder, timely notice must be received by our
Secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 45th day nor earlier than the 75th day before the
one-year anniversary of the date on which Xactly first mailed its proxy materials or a notice of availability of proxy materials
(whichever is earlier) for the preceding year’s annual meeting of stockholders. Please note, however, that in the event that no annual
meeting was held in the previous year or if the date of the annual meeting is advanced by more than 30 days prior to or delayed by
more than 60 days after the one-year anniversary of the date of the previous year’s annual meeting, then, for notice by the stockholder
to be timely, it must be so received by the Secretary not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting
and not later than the close of business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or (ii) the tenth day on which public
announcement of the date of such annual meeting is first made.

In no event shall any adjournment or postponement of an annual meeting or the announcement thereof commence a new time
period for the giving of a stockholder’s notice under our bylaws. A copy of our amended and restated bylaws may be obtained by
accessing our filings on the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You may also contact our Secretary at our principal executive offices for a
copy of the relevant bylaw provisions regarding the requirements for making stockholder proposals and nominating director
candidates.
 

92



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 101/205

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this proxy statement, which means that we can disclose
important information to you by referring you to other documents filed separately with the SEC. The information incorporated by
reference is deemed to be part of this proxy statement, except for any information superseded by information in this proxy statement or
incorporated by reference subsequent to the date of this proxy statement. This proxy statement incorporates by reference the documents
set forth below that we have previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about us and our financial
condition and are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

The following Xactly filings with the SEC are incorporated by reference:
 

 •  Xactly’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017, filed on April 12, 2017;
 

 •  Xactly’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended April 30, 2017, filed on June 8, 2017;
 

 •  Xactly’s Current Report on Form 8-K (Items 1.01, 2.04 and 9.01), filed on May 30, 2017; and
 

 •  Xactly’s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on June 21, 2017.

We also incorporate by reference into this proxy statement additional documents that we may file with the SEC between the date
of this proxy statement and the earlier of the date of the Special Meeting or the termination of the Merger Agreement. These documents
include periodic reports, such as Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as Current Reports on
Form 8-K and proxy soliciting materials. The information provided on our website is not part of this proxy statement, and therefore is
not incorporated by reference herein.

Information furnished under Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, including related exhibits, is not and will
not be incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s public reference room
at the following location: 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, DC 20549. You may also obtain copies of those documents at
prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference Section of the SEC at that address. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for
further information on the public reference room. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document
retrieval services and at www.sec.gov.

You may obtain any of the documents we file with the SEC, without charge, by requesting them in writing or by telephone from
us at the following address:

Xactly Corporation
Attention: Investor Relations
300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700

San Jose, CA 95110

If you would like to request documents from us, please do so as soon as possible, to receive them before the Special Meeting. If
you request any documents from us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another equally prompt method, within one
business day after we receive your request. Please note that all of our documents that we file with the SEC are also promptly available
through our website at http://investors.xactlycorp.com/investors/financial-reports/. The information included on our website is not
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.
 

93



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 102/205

Table of Contents

If you have any questions concerning the Merger, the Special Meeting or the accompanying proxy statement, would like
additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your shares of common stock, please contact our proxy
solicitor:

D.F. King & Co., Inc.
48 Wall Street

New York, NY 10005
Call toll free: (800) 769-4414

 
94



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 103/205

Table of Contents

MISCELLANEOUS

Xactly has supplied all information relating to Xactly, and Parent has supplied, and Xactly has not independently verified, all of
the information relating to Parent and Merger Sub contained in this proxy statement.

You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement and the documents
that we incorporate by reference in this proxy statement in voting on the Merger. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with
information that is different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated June 29, 2017. You should
not assume that the information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than that date (or as of an earlier date
if so indicated in this proxy statement), and the mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders does not create any implication to the
contrary. This proxy statement does not constitute a solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction where, or to or from any person to whom,
it is unlawful to make a proxy solicitation.
 

95



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 104/205

Table of Contents

Annex A
 

 
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among

EXCALIBUR PARENT, LLC

EXCALIBUR MERGER SUB, INC.

and

XACTLY CORPORATION

Dated as of May 29, 2017

 
 
 



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 105/205

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
      Page  
Article I DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS    A-2 

1.1   Certain Definitions    A-2 
1.2   Additional Definitions    A-10 
1.3   Certain Interpretations    A-12 

Article II THE MERGER    A-13 

2.1   The Merger    A-13 
2.2   The Effective Time    A-13 
2.3   The Closing    A-14 
2.4   Effect of the Merger    A-14 
2.5   Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws    A-14 
2.6   Directors and Officers    A-14 
2.7   Effect on Capital Stock    A-14 
2.8   Equity Awards    A-16 
2.9   Exchange of Certificates    A-18 
2.10   No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock    A-19 
2.11   Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates    A-20 
2.12   Required Withholding    A-20 
2.13   No Dividends or Distributions    A-20 
2.14   Necessary Further Actions    A-20 

Article III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY    A-20 

3.1   Organization; Good Standing    A-21 
3.2   Corporate Power; Enforceability    A-21 
3.3   Company Board Approval; Fairness Opinion; Anti-Takeover Laws    A-21 
3.4   Requisite Stockholder Approval    A-22 
3.5   Non-Contravention    A-22 
3.6   Requisite Governmental Approvals    A-22 
3.7   Company Capitalization    A-22 
3.8   Subsidiaries    A-23 
3.9   Company SEC Reports    A-24 
3.10   Company Financial Statements; Internal Controls; Indebtedness    A-24 
3.11   No Undisclosed Liabilities    A-25 
3.12   Absence of Certain Changes    A-25 
3.13   Material Contracts    A-25 
3.14   Real Property    A-26 
3.15   Environmental Matters    A-26 
3.16   Intellectual Property    A-27 
3.17   Tax Matters    A-29 
3.18   Employee Plans    A-29 
3.19   Labor Matters    A-31 
3.20   Permits    A-32 
3.21   Compliance with Laws    A-32 
3.22   Legal Proceedings; Orders    A-32 
3.23   Insurance    A-32 
3.24   Related Person Transactions    A-32 
3.25   Brokers    A-32 
3.26   Trade Controls; FCPA    A-33 

 
A-i



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 106/205

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(Continued)

 
      Page  
Article IV REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB    A-33 

4.1   Organization; Good Standing    A-33 
4.2   Power; Enforceability    A-34 
4.3   Non-Contravention    A-34 
4.4   Requisite Governmental Approvals    A-34 
4.5   Legal Proceedings; Orders    A-34 
4.6   Ownership of Company Capital Stock    A-35 
4.7   Brokers    A-35 
4.8   Operations of Parent and Merger Sub    A-35 
4.9   No Parent Vote or Approval Required    A-35 
4.10   Guaranty    A-35 
4.11   Financing    A-35 
4.12   Stockholder and Management Arrangements    A-36 
4.13   Solvency    A-36 
4.14   Exclusivity of Representations and Warranties    A-37 

Article V INTERIM OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY    A-37 

5.1   Affirmative Obligations    A-37 
5.2   Forbearance Covenants    A-38 
5.3   No Solicitation    A-40 

Article VI ADDITIONAL COVENANTS    A-44 

6.1   Required Action and Forbearance; Efforts    A-44 
6.2   Antitrust Filings    A-45 
6.3   Proxy Statement and Other Required SEC Filings    A-46 
6.4   Company Stockholder Meeting    A-48 
6.5   Equity Financing    A-48 
6.6   Financing Cooperation    A-49 
6.7   Anti-Takeover Laws    A-52 
6.8   Access    A-52 
6.9   Section 16(b) Exemption    A-53 
6.10   Directors’ and Officers’ Exculpation, Indemnification and Insurance    A-53 
6.11   Employee Matters    A-55 
6.12   Obligations of Merger Sub    A-56 
6.13   Notification of Certain Matters    A-56 
6.14   Public Statements and Disclosure    A-57 
6.15   Transaction Litigation    A-57 
6.16   Stock Exchange Delisting; Deregistration    A-57 
6.17   Additional Agreements    A-58 
6.18   Parent Vote    A-58 
6.19   No Control of the Other Party’s Business    A-58 

Article VII CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER    A-58 

7.1   Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations to Effect the Merger    A-58 
7.2   Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub    A-58 
7.3   Conditions to the Company’s Obligations to Effect the Merger    A-59 

 
A-ii



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 107/205

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(Continued)

 
      Page  
Article VIII TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER    A-60 

8.1   Termination    A-60 
8.2   Manner and Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination    A-61 
8.3   Fees and Expenses    A-61 
8.4   Amendment    A-64 
8.5   Extension; Waiver    A-64 
8.6   No Liability of Financing Sources    A-64 

Article IX GENERAL PROVISIONS    A-65 

9.1   Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants    A-65 
9.2   Notices    A-65 
9.3   Assignment    A-66 
9.4   Confidentiality    A-66 
9.5   Entire Agreement    A-66 
9.6   Third Party Beneficiaries    A-66 
9.7   Severability    A-67 
9.8   Remedies    A-67 
9.9   Governing Law    A-68 
9.10   Consent to Jurisdiction    A-68 
9.11   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL    A-69 
9.12   Company Disclosure Letter References    A-69 
9.13   Counterparts    A-69 
9.14   No Limitation    A-70 

 
A-iii



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 108/205

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of May 29, 2017, by and
among Excalibur Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Parent”), Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation
and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and Xactly Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”). Each of
Parent, Merger Sub and the Company are sometimes referred to as a “Party.” All capitalized terms that are used in this Agreement
have the respective meanings given to them in Article I.

RECITALS

A. The Company Board has (i) determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, and declared it
advisable, to enter into this Agreement providing for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (collectively with the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the “Merger”) in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(the “DGCL”) upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; (ii) approved the execution and delivery of this Agreement
by the Company, the performance by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the
Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and (iii) resolved to recommend that the stockholders of the
Company adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger in accordance with the DGCL.

B. Each of the board of managers of Parent and the board of directors of Merger Sub have (i) declared it advisable to enter into
this Agreement; and (ii) approved the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the performance of their respective covenants and
other obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein.

C. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, and as a condition and inducement to the Company’s willingness to enter
into this Agreement, Parent and Merger Sub have delivered (i) a limited guaranty (the “Guaranty”) from Vista Equity Partners VI,
L.P., a Delaware limited partnership (the “Guarantor”), in favor of the Company and pursuant to which, subject to the terms and
conditions contained therein, the Guarantor is guaranteeing certain obligations of Parent and Merger Sub in connection with this
Agreement and (ii) a commitment letter between Parent and the Guarantor, pursuant to which the Guarantor has committed, subject to
the terms and conditions thereof, to invest in Parent, directly or indirectly, the cash amounts set forth therein (the “Equity
Commitment Letter”).

D. Prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement, and as a condition to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter
into this Agreement, certain stockholders of the Company have entered into Voting Agreements (“Voting Agreements”) in connection
with the Merger.

E. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company desire to (i) make certain representations, warranties, covenants and agreements in
connection with this Agreement and the Merger; and (ii) prescribe certain conditions with respect to the consummation of the Merger.

AGREEMENT

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
set forth herein, as well as other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged and
accepted, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub and the Company agree as follows:
 

A-1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 109/205

Table of Contents

ARTICLE I
DEFINITIONS & INTERPRETATIONS

1.1 Certain Definitions. For all purposes of and pursuant to this Agreement, the following capitalized terms have the following
respective meanings:

(a) “Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement” means an agreement with the Company that is either (i) in effect as of the
execution and delivery of this Agreement; or (ii) executed, delivered and effective after the execution and delivery of this Agreement,
in either case containing provisions that require any counterparty thereto (and any of its Affiliates and representatives named therein)
that receive material non-public information of or with respect to the Company to keep such information confidential; provided,
however, that, in each case, the provisions contained therein are no less restrictive in any material respect to such counterparty (and any
of its Affiliates and representatives named therein) than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (it being understood that such
agreement need not contain any “standstill” or similar provisions or otherwise prohibit the making of any Acquisition Proposal). If the
confidentiality provisions of such Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement are less restrictive in the aggregate to such counterparty (and
any of its Affiliates and representatives named therein) than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement, then, notwithstanding the
foregoing, such agreement will be deemed to be an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement if the Company offers to amend the
Confidentiality Agreement so as to make the confidentiality provisions of the Confidentiality Agreement as restrictive in the aggregate
as the confidentiality agreement signed by such counterparty.

(b) “Acquisition Proposal” means any offer or proposal (other than an offer or proposal by Parent or Merger Sub) to engage
in an Acquisition Transaction.

(c) “Acquisition Transaction” means any transaction or series of related transactions (other than the Merger) involving:

(i) any direct or indirect purchase or other acquisition by any Person or “group” (as defined pursuant to Section 13(d)
of the Exchange Act) of Persons, whether from the Company or any other Person(s), of securities representing more than 15% of the
total outstanding voting power of the Company after giving effect to the consummation of such purchase or other acquisition, including
pursuant to a tender offer or exchange offer by any Person or “group” of Persons that, if consummated in accordance with its terms,
would result in such Person or “group” of Persons beneficially owning more than 15% of the total outstanding voting power of the
Company after giving effect to the consummation of such tender or exchange offer;

(ii) any direct or indirect purchase, license or other acquisition by any Person or “group” (as defined pursuant to
Section 13(d) of the Exchange Act) of Persons of assets constituting or accounting for more than 15% of the consolidated assets,
revenue or net income of the Company Group, taken as a whole (measured by the fair market value thereof as of the date of such
purchase or acquisition); or

(iii) any merger, consolidation, business combination, recapitalization, reorganization, liquidation, dissolution or
other transaction involving the Company pursuant to which any Person or “group” (as defined pursuant to Section 13(d) of the
Exchange Act) of Persons would hold securities representing more than 15% of the total outstanding voting power of the Company
outstanding after giving effect to the consummation of such transaction.

(d) “Additional Vesting Awards” means, collectively, Additional Vesting Company Options and Additional Vesting RSUs.

(a) “Additional Vesting Company Options” means, with respect to each holder of Company Options, such number of
Company Options equal to the excess, if any, of (i) 66 2/3% of all Company Options held by such holder as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time over (ii) such holder’s Vested Company Options. The Additional Vesting Company Options will be treated in
accordance with Section 2.8(b)(i) and converted into the right to receive Vested Option Consideration.
 

A-2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 110/205

Table of Contents

(b) “Additional Vesting Company RSUs” means, with respect to each holder of Company RSUs, such number of
Company RSUs equal to the excess, if any, of (i) 66 2/3% of all Company RSUs held by such holder as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time over (ii) such holder’s Vested Company RSUs. The Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be treated in accordance
with Section 2.8(a)(i) and converted into the right to receive the Vested RSU Consideration.

(c) “Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person that, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by or is
under common control with such Person. For purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the
terms “controlling,” “controlled by” and “under common control with”), as used with respect to any Person, means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

(d) “Antitrust Law” means the Sherman Antitrust Act, the Clayton Antitrust Act, the HSR Act, the Federal Trade
Commission Act and all other laws, whether in any domestic or foreign jurisdiction, that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or
regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or significant impediments or lessening of
competition or the creation or strengthening of a dominant position through merger or acquisition, in any case that are applicable to the
Merger.

(e) “Audited Company Balance Sheet” means the consolidated balance sheet (and the notes thereto) of the Company
Group as of January 31, 2017 set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed by the Company with the SEC for the
fiscal year ended January 31, 2017.

(f) “Business Day” means each day that is not a Saturday, Sunday or other day on which the Company is closed for business
or the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco is closed.

(g) “Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

(h) “Company Board” means the Board of Directors of the Company.

(i) “Company Capital Stock” means the Company Common Stock and the Company Preferred Stock.

(j) “Company Common Stock” means the Common Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

(k) “Company Equity Plans” means the equity plans set forth in Section 1.1(k) of the Company Disclosure Letter that
provide for the issuance of any Company Options or Company RSUs.

(l) “Company Group” means the Company and its Subsidiaries.

(m) “Company Intellectual Property” means any Intellectual Property that is owned by the Company Group.

(n) “Company Material Adverse Effect” means any change, event, violation, inaccuracy, effect or circumstance (each, an
“Effect”) that, individually or taken together with all other Effects that have occurred prior to the date of determination of the
occurrence of the Company Material Adverse Effect, (A) is or would reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the business,
financial condition or results of operations of the Company Group, taken as a whole; or (B) would reasonably be expected to prevent or
materially impair or delay the consummation of the Merger; provided, however, that, with respect to clause (A) only, none of the
following (by itself or when aggregated) will be deemed to be or constitute a Company Material Adverse Effect or will be
 

A-3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 111/205

Table of Contents

taken into account when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred or may, would or could occur (subject
to the limitations set forth below):

(i) changes in general economic conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the world, or
changes in conditions in the global economy generally;

(ii) changes in conditions in the financial markets, credit markets or capital markets in the United States or any other
country or region in the world, including (1) changes in interest rates or credit ratings in the United States or any other country;
(2) changes in exchange rates for the currencies of any country; or (3) any suspension of trading in securities (whether equity, debt,
derivative or hybrid securities) generally on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market operating in the United States or any
other country or region in the world;

(iii) changes in conditions in the industries in which the Company Group generally conducts business, including
changes in conditions in the software industry;

(iv) changes in regulatory, legislative or political conditions in the United States or any other country or region in the
world;

(v) any geopolitical conditions, outbreak of hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or military actions (including
any escalation or general worsening of any such hostilities, acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or military actions) in the United States or
any other country or region in the world;

(vi) earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wild fires or other natural disasters, weather
conditions and other force majeure events in the United States or any other country or region in the world;

(vii) any Effect resulting from the announcement of this Agreement or the pendency of the Merger, including the
impact thereof on the relationships, contractual or otherwise, of the Company Group with employees, suppliers, customers, partners,
vendors or any other third Person (other than for purposes of any representation or warranty contained in Section 3.5);

(viii) the compliance by any Party with the terms of this Agreement, including any action taken or refrained from
being taken pursuant to or in accordance with this Agreement;

(ix) any action taken or refrained from being taken, in each case to which Parent has expressly approved, consented to
or requested in writing following the date hereof;

(x) changes or proposed changes in GAAP or other accounting standards or in any applicable laws or regulations (or
the enforcement or interpretation of any of the foregoing);

(xi) changes in the price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock, in and of itself (it being understood that
any cause of such change may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may be taken into
consideration when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred);

(xii) any failure, in and of itself, by the Company Group to meet (A) any public estimates or expectations of the
Company’s revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period; or (B) any internal budgets, plans,
projections or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations (it being understood that any
cause of any such failure may be deemed to constitute, in and of itself, a Company Material Adverse Effect and may be taken into
consideration when determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred);
 

A-4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 112/205

Table of Contents

(xiii) the availability or cost of equity, debt or other financing to Parent or Merger Sub;

(xiv) any Transaction Litigation or other Legal Proceeding threatened, made or brought by any of the current or
former Company Stockholders (on their own behalf or on behalf of the Company) against the Company, any of its executive officers or
other employees or any member of the Company Board arising out of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this
Agreement; and

(xv) any matters expressly disclosed in the Company Disclosure Letter;

except, with respect to clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv), (v) and (vi), to the extent that such Effect has had a materially disproportionate
adverse effect on the Company relative to other companies of a similar size operating in the industries in which the Company Group
conducts business, in which case only the incremental disproportionate adverse impact may be taken into account in determining
whether there has occurred a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(o) “Company Options” means any options to purchase shares of Company Common Stock that are unexpired,
unexercised, and outstanding pursuant to any of the Company Equity Plans as of the Effective Time.

(p) “Company Preferred Stock” means the Preferred Stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Company.

(q) “Company Registered Intellectual Property” means all of the Registered Intellectual Property owned by, or filed in
the name of, the Company Group.

(r) “Company RSUs” means any restricted stock units that are unexpired, unexercised, and outstanding under any of the
Company Equity Plans as of the Effective Time.

(s) “Company Stockholders” means the holders of shares of Company Capital Stock.

(t) “Continuing Employees” means each individual who is an employee of the Company Group immediately prior to the
Effective Time and continues to be an employee of Parent or one of its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) immediately
following the Effective Time.

(u) “Contract” means any written contract, subcontract, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease, license, sublicense or other
binding agreement.

(v) “DOJ” means the United States Department of Justice or any successor thereto.

(w) “Environmental Law” means any applicable law or order relating to pollution, the protection of the environment
(including ambient air, surface water, groundwater or land) or exposure of any Person with respect to Hazardous Substances or
otherwise relating to the production, use, storage, treatment, transportation, recycling, disposal, discharge, release or other handling of
any Hazardous Substances, or the investigation, clean-up or remediation thereof.

(x) “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

(y) “Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

(z) “FCPA” means the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977.

(aa) “Financing Sources” means the Persons (if any) that provide the Debt Financing in connection with the Merger and
any joinder agreements or credit agreements entered into pursuant thereto or relating
 

A-5



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 113/205

Table of Contents

thereto, together with their Affiliates and their and their Affiliates’ current, former and future officers, directors, general or limited
partners, shareholders, members, controlling persons, employees, agents and representatives involved in the Debt Financing and the
successors and assigns of each of the foregoing.

(bb) “FTC” means the United States Federal Trade Commission or any successor thereto.

(cc) “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied, in the United States.

(dd) “Governmental Authority” means any government, governmental or regulatory entity or body, department,
commission, board, agency or instrumentality, and any court, tribunal, arbitrator (public or private) or judicial body, in each case
whether federal, state, county or provincial, and whether local or foreign.

(ee) “Hazardous Substance” means any substance, material or waste that is characterized or regulated by a Governmental
Authority pursuant to any Environmental Law as “hazardous,” “pollutant,” “contaminant,” “toxic” or “radioactive,” including
petroleum and petroleum products, polychlorinated biphenyls and friable asbestos.

(ff) “HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.

(gg) “In-the-Money Company Options” means Company Options with an exercise price per share less than the Per Share
Price.

(hh) “Indebtedness” means any of the following liabilities or obligations: (i) indebtedness for borrowed money (including
any principal, premium, accrued and unpaid interest, related expenses, prepayment penalties, commitment and other fees, sale or
liquidity participation amounts, reimbursements, indemnities and all other amounts payable in connection therewith); (ii) liabilities
evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments or debt securities; (iii) liabilities pursuant to or in connection with
letters of credit or banker’s acceptances or similar items (in each case whether or not drawn, contingent or otherwise); (iv) liabilities
pursuant to capitalized leases; (v) liabilities arising out of interest rate and currency swap arrangements and any other arrangements
designed to provide protection against fluctuations in interest or currency rates; (vi) deferred purchase price liabilities related to past
acquisitions; (vii) payment obligations arising in connection with earnouts or other contingent payment obligations under Contracts;
(viii) liabilities arising from any breach of any of the foregoing; and (ix) indebtedness of others guaranteed by the Company Group or
secured by any lien or security interest on the assets of the Company Group.

(ii) “Intellectual Property” means the rights associated with the following: (i) all United States and foreign patents and
applications therefor (“Patents”); (ii) all copyrights, copyright registrations and applications therefor and all other rights corresponding
thereto throughout the world (“Copyrights”); (iii) trademarks, service marks, trade dress rights and similar designation of origin and
rights therein (“Marks”); (iv) all rights in mask works, and all mask work registrations and applications therefor; (v) rights in trade
secrets and confidential information; and (vi) any other intellectual property or proprietary rights or similar, corresponding or
equivalent rights to any of the foregoing anywhere in the world.

(jj) “IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service or any successor thereto.

(kk) “Knowledge” of the Company, with respect to any matter in question, means the actual knowledge of the Company’s
Chief Executive Officer; President and Chief Operating Officer; Chief Financial Officer; Chief Technology Officer; General Counsel
and Secretary or VP Human Resources, in each case after reasonable inquiry of those employees who would reasonably be expected to
have actual knowledge of the matter in question. With respect to matters involving Intellectual Property, Knowledge does not require
the Company, or any of its directors, officer or employees, to have conducted or have obtained any freedom-to-operate opinions or
 

A-6



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 114/205

Table of Contents

any Patent, Trademark or other Intellectual Property clearance searches, and if not conducted or obtained, no knowledge of any third
Person Patents, Trademarks or other Intellectual Property that would have been revealed by such opinions or searches will be imputed
to the Company or any of its directors, officers or employees.

(ll) “Legal Proceeding” means any claim, action, charge, lawsuit, litigation, investigation (to the Knowledge of the
Company, as used in relation to the Company) or other similarly formal legal proceeding brought by or pending before any
Governmental Authority, arbitrator, mediator or other tribunal.

(mm) “Material Contract” means any of the following Contracts:

(i) any “material contract” (as defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, other than
those agreements and arrangements described in Item 601(b)(10)(iii) of Regulation S-K) with respect to the Company Group, taken as
a whole;

(ii) any employment, management, severance, retention, transaction bonus, change in control, consulting, relocation,
repatriation or expatriation Contract not terminable at will by the Company or one of its Subsidiaries pursuant to which the Company
or one of its Subsidiaries has continuing obligations as of the date hereof with any executive officer or other employee at the vice
president level or above, or any member of the Company Board;

(iii) any material Contract with any of the 20 largest customers of the Company Group, taken as a whole, determined
on the basis of annual recurring subscription services revenues attributable to such customers that have been received by the Company
Group, taken as a whole, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017 (the “Material Customers”);

(iv) any material Contract with any of the top three third party data center managers of the Company Group, taken as
a whole, determined on the basis of expenditures by the Company Group, taken as a whole, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017;

(v) any material Contract with any of the top four platform partners of the Company Group, taken as a whole,
determined on the basis of revenues received by the Company Group, taken as a whole, for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017;

(vi) any material Contract with any of the top five consulting and implementation partners of the Company Group,
taken as a whole, determined on the basis of revenues received by the Company Group, taken as a whole, for the fiscal year ended
January 31, 2017;

(vii) subject to the exclusions in Section 3.16(e), any IP Contract;

(viii) any Contract containing any covenant or other provision (A) limiting the right of the Company Group to engage
in any material line of business or to compete with any Person in any line of business that is material to the Company; (B) prohibiting
the Company Group from engaging in any business with any Person or levying a fine, charge or other payment for doing so; or
(C) containing and limiting the right of the Company Group pursuant to any “most favored nation” or “exclusivity” provisions, in each
case of the above other than any such Contracts that (1) may be cancelled without material liability to the Company or its Subsidiaries
upon notice of 90 days or less, or (2) are not material to the Company Group, taken as a whole;

(ix) any Contract (A) relating to the disposition or acquisition of assets by the Company Group with a value greater
than $1,000,000 after the date hereof other than in the ordinary course of business; or (B) pursuant to which the Company Group will
acquire any material ownership interest in any other Person or other business enterprise other than any Subsidiary of the Company;
 

A-7



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 115/205

Table of Contents

(x) any mortgages, indentures, guarantees, loans or credit agreements, security agreements or other Contracts relating
to the borrowing of money or extension of credit or other Indebtedness, in each case in excess of $1,000,000 other than (A) accounts
receivables and payables in the ordinary course of business; (B) loans to Subsidiaries of the Company in the ordinary course of
business; and (C) extensions of credit to customers in the ordinary course of business;

(xi) any Lease or Sublease set forth in Section 3.14(b) or Section 3.14(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter;

(xii) any Contract providing for the payment, increase or vesting of any material benefits or compensation in
connection with the Merger (other than Contracts evidencing Company RSUs or Company Options);

(xiii) any Contract providing for cash severance payments in excess of $150,000 (other than those pursuant to which
severance is required by applicable law);

(xiv) any Contract providing for indemnification of any officer, director or employee by the Company Group, other
than Contracts entered into on substantially the same form as the Company Group’s standard forms previously made available to
Parent;

(xv) any Contract that is an agreement in settlement of a dispute that imposes material obligations on the Company
Group after the date hereof;

(xvi) any Contract that is a Collective Bargaining Agreement; and

(xvii) any Contract that involves a joint venture entity, limited liability company or legal partnership (excluding, for
avoidance of doubt, reseller agreements and other commercial agreements that do not involve the formation of an entity with any third
Person.

(nn) “NYSE” means The New York Stock Exchange and any successor stock exchange.

(oo) “Permitted Liens” means any of the following: (i) liens for Taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies
either not yet delinquent or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate proceedings and for which appropriate reserves
have been established to the extent required by GAAP; (ii) mechanics, carriers’, workmen’s, warehouseman’s, repairmen’s,
materialmen’s or other liens or security interests that are not yet due or that are being contested in good faith and by appropriate
proceedings and for which appropriate reserves have been established to the extent required by GAAP; (iii) leases, subleases and
licenses (other than capital leases and leases underlying sale and leaseback transactions); (iv) liens imposed by applicable law (other
than Tax law); (v) pledges or deposits to secure obligations pursuant to workers’ compensation laws or similar legislation or to secure
public or statutory obligations; (vi) pledges and deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, surety and appeal
bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a similar nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (vii) defects,
imperfections or irregularities in title, easements, covenants and rights of way (unrecorded and of record) and other similar liens (or
other encumbrances of any type), and zoning, building and other similar codes or restrictions, in each case that do not adversely affect
in any material respect the current use or value of the applicable property owned, leased, used or held for use by the Company Group;
(viii) liens the existence of which are disclosed in the notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the
Company SEC Reports filed as of the date hereof; (ix) liens pursuant to the SVB Security Agreement; (x) licenses to Company
Intellectual Property; (xi) any other liens that do not secure a liquidated amount, that have been incurred or suffered in the ordinary
course of business, and that would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a material effect on the Company Group, taken as a
whole; (xii) statutory, common law or contractual liens (or other encumbrances of any type) of landlords or liens against the interests of
the landlord or owner of any Leased Real Property unless caused by the Company Group; or (xiii) liens (or other encumbrances of any
type) that do not materially and adversely affect the use or operation of the property subject thereto.
 

A-8



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 116/205

Table of Contents

(pp) “Person” means any individual, corporation (including any non-profit corporation), limited liability company, joint
stock company, general partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust, firm, Governmental
Authority or other enterprise, association, organization or entity.

(qq) “Registered Intellectual Property” means all United States, international and foreign (i) Patents and Patent
applications (including provisional applications); (ii) registered Marks and applications to register Marks (including intent-to-use
applications, or other registrations or applications related to Marks); and (iii) registered Copyrights and applications for Copyright
registration.

(rr) “Sarbanes-Oxley Act” means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002.

(ss) “SEC” means the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or any successor thereto.

(tt) “Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933.

(uu) “Subsidiary” of any Person means (i) a corporation more than 50% of the combined voting power of the outstanding
voting stock of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by such Person or by one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or by such
Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person; (ii) a partnership of which such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of
such Person or such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries thereof, directly or indirectly, is the general partner and has the power
to direct the policies, management and affairs of such partnership; (iii) a limited liability company of which such Person or one or more
other Subsidiaries of such Person or such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person, directly or indirectly, is the
managing member and has the power to direct the policies, management and affairs of such company; or (iv) any other Person (other
than a corporation, partnership or limited liability company) in which such Person or one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person or
such Person and one or more other Subsidiaries of such Person, directly or indirectly, has at least a majority ownership and the power
to direct the policies, management and affairs thereof.

(vv) “Superior Proposal” means any bona fide written Acquisition Proposal for an Acquisition Transaction on terms that
the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside
legal counsel) is reasonably likely to be consummated in accordance with its terms, taking into account all legal, regulatory and
financing aspects of the proposal (including certainty of closing) and the identity of the Person making the proposal and other aspects
of the Acquisition Proposal that the Company Board (or a committee thereof) deems relevant, and if consummated, would be more
favorable, from a financial point of view, to the Company Stockholders (in their capacity as such) than the Merger (taking into account
any revisions to this Agreement made or proposed in writing by Parent prior to the time of such determination). For purposes of the
reference to an “Acquisition Proposal” in this definition, all references to “15%” in the definition of “Acquisition Transaction” will be
deemed to be references to “50%.”

(ww) “SVB Security Agreement” means the Amended and Restated Loan and Security Agreement, dated as of August 10,
2012, by and between the Company and Silicon Valley Bank, as amended.

(xx) “Tax” means any United States federal, state, local and non-United States taxes, assessments and similar governmental
charges and impositions in the nature of taxes (including taxes based upon or measured by gross receipts, income, profits, sales, use
and occupation and value added, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, withholding, payroll, employment, excise and property taxes, together
with all interest, penalties and additions imposed with respect to such amounts).

(yy) “Topco” means Excalibur Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

(zz) “Transaction Litigation” means any Legal Proceeding commenced or threatened against a Party or any of its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or otherwise relating to, involving or affecting such Party or any of its
 

A-9



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 117/205

Table of Contents

Subsidiaries or Affiliates, in each case in connection with, arising from or otherwise relating to the Merger or any other transaction
contemplated by this Agreement, including any Legal Proceeding alleging or asserting any misrepresentation or omission in the Proxy
Statement or any Other Required Company Filing, other than any Legal Proceedings among the Parties related to this Agreement, the
Guaranty or the Equity Commitment Letters.

(aaa) “Vested Company Option” means a Company Option that is vested as of the Effective Time or that vests solely as a
result of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (and without any additional action by the Company, the Company
Board or a committee thereof).

(bbb) “Vested Company RSU” means a Company RSU that is vested as of the Effective Time or that vests solely as a result
of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby (and without any additional action by the Company, the Company Board
or a committee thereof).

(ccc) “WARN” means the United States Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any similar foreign, state
or local law, regulation or ordinance

1.2 Additional Definitions. The following capitalized terms have the respective meanings given to them in the respective Sections
of this Agreement set forth opposite each of the capitalized terms below:
 
Term   Section Reference
Advisor   3.3(b)
Agreement   Preamble
Alternative Acquisition Agreement   5.3(a)
Bylaws   3.1
Capitalization Date   3.7(a)
Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts   2.8(a)(ii)
Cash Replacement Option Amounts   2.8(b)(ii)
Certificate of Merger   2.2
Certificates   2.9(c)
Charter   2.5(a)
Chosen Courts   9.10(a)
Closing   2.3
Closing Date   2.3
Collective Bargaining Agreement   3.19(a)
Company   Preamble
Company Board Recommendation   3.3(a)
Company Board Recommendation Change   5.3(c)(i)
Company Disclosure Letter   Article III
Company Liability Limitation   8.3(e)(ii)
Company Plans   6.11(c)
Company Related Parties   8.3(e)(ii)
Company SEC Reports   3.9
Company Securities   3.7(c)
Company Stockholder Meeting   6.4(a)
Company Termination Fee   8.3(b)(i)
Comparable Plans   6.11(c)
Confidentiality Agreement   9.4
Consent   3.6
Copyrights   1.1(ii)
Debt Financing   6.6(a)(i)
DGCL   Recitals
 

A-10



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 118/205

Table of Contents

Term   Section Reference
Dissenting Company Shares   2.7(c)(i)
D&O Insurance   6.10(c)
DTC   2.9(d)
Effect   1.1(n)
Effective Time   2.2
Electronic Delivery   9.13
Employee Plans   3.18(a)
Enforceability Limitations   3.2
Equity Commitment Letter   Recitals
Equity Financing   4.11(a)
ERISA Affiliate   3.18(a)
ESPP   2.8(f)
Exchange Fund   2.9(b)
Guarantor   Recitals
Guaranty   Recitals
Indemnified Persons   6.10(a)
International Employee Plans   3.18(a)
Intervening Event   5.3(d)(i)
IP Contracts   3.16(e)
Lease   3.14(b)
Leased Real Property   3.14(b)
Marks   1.1(ii)
Material Customers   1.1(mm)(iii)
Maximum Annual Premium   6.10(c)
Merger   Recitals
Merger Sub   Preamble
New Plans   6.11(d)
Notice Period   5.3(d)(ii)(3)
Old Plans   6.11(d)
Other Required Company Filing   6.3(b)
Other Required Parent Filing   6.3(c)
Owned Company Shares   2.7(a)(iii)
Parent   Preamble
Parent Disclosure Letter   Article IV
Parent Liability Limitation   8.3(e)(i)
Parent Related Parties   8.3(e)(i)
Party   Preamble
Patents   1.1(ii)
Payment Agent   2.9(a)
Permits   3.20
Per Share Price   2.7(a)(ii)
Proxy Statement   6.3(a)
Recent SEC Reports   Article III
Reimbursement Obligations   6.6(f)
Representatives   5.3(a)
Requisite Stockholder Approval   3.4
Sublease   3.14(c)
Surviving Corporation   Article II
Tax Returns   3.17(a)
Trade Control Laws   3.26(a)(i)
 

A-11



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 119/205

Table of Contents

Term   Section Reference
Termination Date   8.1(c)
Uncertificated Shares   2.9(c)
Unvested Company Options   2.8(b)(ii)
Unvested Company RSU   2.8(a)(ii)2.8(a)(i)
Vested Option Consideration   2.8(b)(i)
Vested RSU Consideration   2.8(a)(i)
Voting Agreements   Recitals

1.3 Certain Interpretations.

(a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article or a Section, such reference is to an Article or a Section of this
Agreement unless otherwise indicated. When a reference is made in this Agreement to a Schedule or Exhibit, such reference is to a
Schedule or Exhibit to this Agreement, as applicable, unless otherwise indicated.

(b) When used herein, (i) the words “hereof,” “herein” and “herewith” and words of similar import will, unless otherwise
stated, be construed to refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement; and (ii) the words
“include,” “includes” and “including” will be deemed in each case to be followed by the words “without limitation.”

(c) Unless the context otherwise requires, “neither,” “nor,” “any,” “either” and “or” are not exclusive.

(d) The word “extent” in the phrase “to the extent” means the degree to which a subject or other thing extends, and does not
simply mean “if.”

(e) When used in this Agreement, references to “$” or “Dollars” are references to U.S. dollars.

(f) The meaning assigned to each capitalized term defined and used in this Agreement is equally applicable to both the
singular and the plural forms of such term, and words denoting any gender include all genders. Where a word or phrase is defined in
this Agreement, each of its other grammatical forms has a corresponding meaning.

(g) When reference is made to any party to this Agreement or any other agreement or document, such reference includes
such Party’s successors and permitted assigns. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that Person.

(h) Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Agreement to the Subsidiaries of a Person will be deemed to
include all direct and indirect Subsidiaries of such entity.

(i) When used herein, references to “ordinary course” or “ordinary course of business” will be construed to mean “ordinary
course of business, consistent with past practices.”

(j) A reference to any specific legislation or to any provision of any legislation includes any amendment to, and any
modification, re-enactment or successor thereof, any legislative provision substituted therefor and all rules, regulations and statutory
instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto, except that, for purposes of any representations and warranties in that Agreement
that are made as a specific date, references to any specific legislation will be deemed to refer to such legislation or provision (and all
rules, regulations and statutory instruments issued thereunder or pursuant thereto) as of such date. References to any agreement or
Contract are to that agreement or Contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time.

(k) All accounting terms used herein will be interpreted, and all accounting determinations hereunder will be made, in
accordance with GAAP.
 

A-12



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 120/205

Table of Contents

(l) The table of contents and headings set forth in this Agreement are for convenience of reference purposes only and will
not affect or be deemed to affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or any term or provision hereof.

(m) The measure of a period of one month or year for purposes of this Agreement will be the date of the following month or
year corresponding to the starting date. If no corresponding date exists, then the end date of such period being measured will be the
next actual date of the following month or year (for example, one month following May 18 is June 18 and one month following
May 31 is July 1).

(n) The Parties agree that they have been represented by legal counsel during the negotiation and execution of this
Agreement and therefore waive the application of any law, regulation, holding or rule of construction providing that ambiguities in an
agreement or other document will be construed against the Party drafting such agreement or document.

(o) No summary of this Agreement or any Exhibit or Schedule delivered herewith prepared by or on behalf of any Party will
affect the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement or such Exhibit or Schedule.

(p) The information contained in this Agreement and in the Company Disclosure Letter is disclosed solely for purposes of
this Agreement, and no information contained herein or therein will be deemed to be an admission by any Party to any third Person of
any matter whatsoever, including (i) any violation of law or breach of contract; or (ii) that such information is material or that such
information is required to be referred to or disclosed under this Agreement.

(q) The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of negotiations among the Parties and are for the
sole benefit of the Parties. Any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the Parties in accordance
with Section 8.5 without notice or liability to any other Person. In some instances, the representations and warranties in this Agreement
may represent an allocation among the Parties of risks associated with particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the
Parties. Consequently, Persons other than the Parties may not rely on the representations and warranties in this Agreement as
characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date hereof or as of any other date.

(r) Documents or other information or materials will be deemed to have been “made available” by the Company if such
documents, information or materials have been posted to a virtual data room managed by the Company at http://www.rrdvenue.com
prior to 8:01pm Pacific time on the date hereof.

ARTICLE II
THE MERGER

2.1 The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and the applicable provisions of the
DGCL, on the Closing Date, (a) Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company; (b) the separate corporate existence of Merger
Sub will thereupon cease; and (c) the Company will continue as the surviving corporation of the Merger. The Company, as the
surviving corporation of the Merger, is sometimes referred to herein as the “Surviving Corporation.”

2.2 The Effective Time. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, on the Closing Date, Parent,
Merger Sub and the Company will cause the Merger to be consummated pursuant to the DGCL by filing a certificate of merger in
customary form and substance (the “Certificate of Merger”) with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware in accordance with
the applicable provisions of the DGCL (the time of such filing and acceptance for record by the Secretary of State of the State of
Delaware, or such later time as may be agreed in writing by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company and specified in the Certificate of
Merger, being referred to herein as the “Effective Time”).
 

A-13



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 121/205

Table of Contents

2.3 The Closing. The consummation of the Merger will take place at a closing (the “Closing”) to occur at (a) 9:00 a.m., Pacific
time, at the offices of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C., 650 Page Mill Road, Palo Alto, CA 94304, on a date to be agreed upon
by Parent, Merger Sub and the Company that is no later than the second Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent
permitted hereunder) of the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by
their terms are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver (to the extent permitted hereunder) of such
conditions); or (b) such other time, location and date as Parent, Merger Sub and the Company mutually agree in writing. The date on
which the Closing actually occurs is referred to as the “Closing Date.”

2.4 Effect of the Merger. At the Effective Time, the effect of the Merger will be as provided in this Agreement and the applicable
provisions of the DGCL. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective Time all (a) of the
property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub will vest in the Surviving Corporation; and
(b) debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub will become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving
Corporation.

2.5 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.

(a) Certificate of Incorporation. At the Effective Time, subject to the provisions of Section 6.10(a), the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (the “Charter”), will be amended and restated in its entirety to read
substantially identically to the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, and such
amended and restated certificate of incorporation will become the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until
thereafter amended in accordance with the applicable provisions of the DGCL and such certificate of incorporation; provided, however,
that at the Effective Time the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation will be amended so that the name of the
Surviving Corporation will be “Xactly Corporation”.

(b) Bylaws. At the Effective Time, subject to the provisions of Section 6.10(a), the bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, will become the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance
with the applicable provisions of the DGCL, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation and such bylaws.

2.6 Directors and Officers.

(a) Directors. At the Effective Time, the initial directors of the Surviving Corporation will be the directors of Merger Sub as
of immediately prior to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified.

(b) Officers. At the Effective Time, the initial officers of the Surviving Corporation will be the officers of Merger Sub as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time, each to hold office in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until their respective successors are duly appointed.

2.7 Effect on Capital Stock.

(a) Capital Stock. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time, by virtue
of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holders of any of the following securities,
the following will occur:

(i) each share of common stock, par value $0.0001 per share, of Merger Sub that is outstanding as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be converted into one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation, and thereupon each certificate representing ownership of such shares of common stock of Merger Sub will
thereafter represent ownership of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation;
 

A-14



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 122/205

Table of Contents

(ii) each share of Company Common Stock that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than Owned Company Shares or Dissenting Company Shares) will be cancelled and extinguished and automatically converted into the
right to receive cash in an amount equal to $15.65, without interest thereon (the “Per Share Price”), in accordance with the provisions
of Section 2.9 (or in the case of a lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, upon delivery of an affidavit (and bond, if required) in accordance
with the provisions of Section 2.11); and

(iii) each share of Company Common Stock that is (A) held by the Company as treasury stock; (B) owned by Topco,
Parent or Merger Sub; or (C) owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent or Merger Sub as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time (collectively, the “Owned Company Shares”) will be cancelled and extinguished without any conversion
thereof or consideration paid therefor.

(b) Adjustment to the Per Share Price. The Per Share Price will be adjusted appropriately to reflect the effect of any stock
split, reverse stock split, stock dividend (including any dividend or other distribution of securities convertible into Company Common
Stock), reorganization, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or other similar change with respect to the
Company Common Stock occurring on or after the date hereof and prior to the Effective Time.

(c) Statutory Rights of Appraisal.

(i) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, all shares of Company Common Stock that
are issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by Company Stockholders who shall have neither
voted in favor of the Merger nor consented thereto in writing and who shall have properly and validly exercised their statutory rights of
appraisal in respect of such shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL (the “Dissenting
Company Shares”) will not be converted into, or represent the right to receive, the Per Share Price pursuant to this Section 2.7. Such
Company Stockholders will be entitled to receive payment of the appraised value of such Dissenting Company Shares in accordance
with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL, except that all Dissenting Company Shares held by Company Stockholders who shall
have failed to perfect or who shall have effectively withdrawn or lost their rights to appraisal of such Dissenting Company Shares
pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL will thereupon be deemed to have been converted into, and to have become exchangeable for, as
of the Effective Time, the right to receive the Per Share Price, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the Certificates or
Uncertificated Shares that formerly evidenced such shares of Company Common Stock in the manner provided in Section 2.9.

(ii) The Company will give Parent (A) prompt notice of any demands for appraisal received by the Company,
withdrawals of such demands and any other instruments served pursuant to the DGCL and received by the Company in respect of
Dissenting Company Shares; and (B) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and Legal Proceedings with respect to demands
for appraisal pursuant to the DGCL in respect of Dissenting Company Shares. The Company may not, except with the prior written
consent of Parent, make any payment with respect to any demands for appraisal or settle or offer to settle any such demands for
payment in respect of Dissenting Company Shares. For purposes of this Section 2.7(c)(ii), “participate” means that Parent will be kept
apprised of proposed strategy and other significant decisions with respect to demands for appraisal pursuant to the DGCL in respect of
Dissenting Company Shares (to the extent that the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel is not undermined or
otherwise affected), and Parent may offer comments or suggestions with respect to such demands but will not be afforded any decision-
making power or other authority over such demands except for the payment, settlement or compromise consent set forth above.
 

A-15



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 123/205

Table of Contents

2.8 Equity Awards.

(a) Company RSUs. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger, the Company RSUs shall be treated as follows.

(i) Vested Company RSUs. Each Vested Company RSU and each Additional Vesting Company RSU shall be
cancelled and automatically converted into the right to receive the Per Share Price, subject to any required withholding of Taxes (the
“Vested RSU Consideration”).

(ii) Unvested Company RSUs. Each Company RSU that is not a Vested Company RSU or an Additional Vesting RSU
(the “Unvested Company RSUs”) shall be cancelled and replaced with a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to
(A) the amount of the Per Share Price multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such
Unvested Company RSU immediately prior to the Effective Time (the “Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts”), which Cash
Replacement Company RSU Amounts will, subject to the holder’s continued employment with the Parent and its Affiliates (including
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting dates, vest and be payable at the same time as the
Unvested Company RSUs for which such Cash Replacement RSU Amounts were exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms,
subject to the vesting provisions set forth in Section 2.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. All Cash Replacement Company RSU
Amounts will have the same terms and conditions (including, with respect to vesting (including accelerated vesting on specific
terminations of employment, to the extent applicable)) as applied to the Unvested Company RSUs for which they were exchanged,
except for terms rendered inoperative by reason of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or for such other administrative or
ministerial changes as in the reasonable and good faith determination of Parent are appropriate to conform the administration of the
Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts).

(b) Company Options.

(i) Vested Options. Each Vested Company Option and each Additional Vesting Company Option shall be cancelled
and automatically converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) the aggregate number of shares
subject to such Vested Company Option or Additional Vesting Company Options, as applicable, multiplied by (B) the excess, if any, of
the Per Share Price over the applicable per share exercise price under such Vested Company Option or Additional Vesting Company
Option, as applicable, subject to any required withholding of Taxes (the “Vested Option Consideration”).

(ii) Each Company Option that is not a Vested Company Option or an Additional Vesting Option (the “Unvested
Company Options”) shall be cancelled and replaced with a right to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of
(A) the aggregate number of Shares subject to such Unvested Company Option multiplied by (B) the excess, if any, of the Per Share
Price over the applicable per share exercise price under such Unvested Company Option, subject to any required withholding of Taxes
(the “Cash Replacement Option Amounts”), which Cash Replacement Option Amounts will, subject to the holder’s continued
employment with the Parent and its Affiliates (including the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries) through the applicable vesting
dates, vest and be payable at the same time as the Unvested Company Option for which such Cash Replacement Option Amounts were
exchanged would have vested pursuant to its terms, subject to the vesting provisions set forth in Section 2.8(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter. All Cash Replacement Option Amounts will have the same terms and conditions (including, with respect to vesting
(including accelerated vesting on specific terminations of employment, to the extent applicable)) as applied to the award of Unvested
Company Options for which they were exchanged, except for terms rendered inoperative by reason of the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or for such other administrative or ministerial changes as in the reasonable and good faith determination of Parent are
appropriate to conform the administration of the Cash Replacement Option Amounts.
 

A-16



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 124/205

Table of Contents

(iii) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the per share exercise price of any Company Option is equal to or greater than
the Per Share Price, such Company Option shall be cancelled immediately upon the Effective Time pursuant to this Section 2.8(b)
without payment or consideration.

(c) Order of Acceleration. The determination of which Company Options and Company RSUs held by any individual holder
thereof that will be converted into Additional Vesting Awards shall be based on the relative vesting dates of the Company Options and
Company RSUs held by such individual such that, for the avoidance of doubt and for purposes of clarity, such holder’s Cash
Replacement Company Option Amounts and Cash Replacement Company RSU Amounts shall be granted in exchange for Company
Options and Company RSUs with the longest remaining vesting periods as of immediately prior to the Effective Time.

(d) Payment Procedures. The Surviving Corporation shall pay the aggregate Vested Option Consideration and Vested RSU
Consideration, as applicable, net of any applicable withholding Taxes, payable with respect to each of the Vested Company Options
and Vested Company RSUs through, to the extent applicable, the Surviving Corporation’s payroll (subject to any required tax
withholdings) to the applicable holders of such Vested Company Options and Vested Company RSUs. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
if any payment owed to a holder of Company Options and Company RSUs pursuant to Section 2.8(a) or Section 2.8(b), as applicable,
cannot be made through the Surviving Corporation’s payroll system or payroll provider, then the Surviving Corporation will issue a
check for such payment to such holder, which check will be sent by overnight courier to such holder promptly following the Closing
Date (but in no event later than the first payroll date following the Closing Date).

(e) Further Actions. The Company will take all action necessary to effect the cancellation and exchange, as applicable, of
Company RSUs and Company Options upon the Effective Time and to give effect to this Section 2.8 (including the satisfaction of the
requirements of Rule 16b-3(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act). All Company Equity Plans will terminate as of the Effective
Time, and the provisions in any other Employee Plan or Contract providing for the issuance or grant of any other interest in respect of
the capital stock of the Company Group will be cancelled as of the Effective Time, and the Company will take all action necessary to
effect the foregoing. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that following the Effective Time no participant in any
Company Equity Plan or other Employee Plan will have any right thereunder to acquire any equity securities of the Company, the
Surviving Corporation or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

(f) Treatment of Employee Stock Purchase Plan. With respect to the Company’s 2015 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the
“ESPP”), as soon as practicable following the date hereof, the Company Board (or a committee thereof) will adopt resolutions or take
other actions as may be required to provide that each individual participating in a Purchase Period (as defined in the ESPP) in progress
on the date hereof will not be permitted to (i) increase his or her payroll contribution rate pursuant to the ESPP from the rate in effect
when that Purchase Period commenced; or (ii) make separate non-payroll contributions to the ESPP on or following the date hereof,
except as may be required by applicable law. No individual who is not participating in the ESPP with respect to any current Purchase
Period as of the date hereof will be allowed to commence participation in the ESPP following the date hereof. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Company will take all action that may be necessary to, effective upon the consummation of the Merger, (A) cause any
Purchase Period that would otherwise be outstanding at the Effective Time to terminate no later than five days prior to the date on
which the Effective Time occurs; (B) make any pro rata adjustments that may be necessary to reflect the shortened Purchase Period,
but otherwise treat any shortened Purchase Period as a fully effective and completed Purchase Period for all purposes pursuant to the
ESPP; (C) cause the exercise (as of no later than one Business Day prior to the date on which the Effective Time occurs) of each
outstanding purchase right pursuant to the ESPP; and (D) provide that no further Purchase Period or purchase period will commence
pursuant to the ESPP after the date hereof. On such exercise date, the Company will apply the funds credited as of such date pursuant
to the ESPP within each participant’s payroll withholding account to the purchase of whole shares of Company Common Stock in
accordance with the terms of the ESPP. Immediately prior to and effective as of the Effective Time (but subject to the consummation of
the Merger), the Company will terminate the ESPP.
 

A-17



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 125/205

Table of Contents

2.9 Exchange of Certificates.

(a) Payment Agent. Prior to the Closing, Parent will (i) select a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the
Company to act as the payment agent for the Merger (the “Payment Agent”); and (ii) enter into a payment agent agreement, in form
and substance reasonably acceptable to the Company, with such Payment Agent.

(b) Exchange Fund. At or prior to the Closing, Parent will deposit (or cause to be deposited) with the Payment Agent, by
wire transfer of immediately available funds, for payment to the holders of shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.7,
an amount of cash equal to the aggregate consideration to which such holders of Company Common Stock become entitled pursuant to
Section 2.7. Until disbursed in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, such cash will be invested by the Payment
Agent, as directed by Parent or the Surviving Corporation, in (i) obligations of or fully guaranteed by the United States or any agency
or instrumentality thereof and backed by the full faith and credit of the United States with a maturity of no more than 30 days;
(ii) commercial paper obligations rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor’s Corporation,
respectively; or (iii) certificates of deposit, bank repurchase agreements or banker’s acceptances of commercial banks with capital
exceeding $1,000,000,000 (based on the most recent financial statements of such bank that are then publicly available) (such cash and
any proceeds thereon, the “Exchange Fund”). To the extent that (A) there are any losses with respect to any investments of the
Exchange Fund; (B) the Exchange Fund diminishes for any reason below the level required for the Payment Agent to promptly pay the
cash amounts contemplated by Section 2.7; or (C) all or any portion of the Exchange Fund is unavailable for Parent (or the Payment
Agent on behalf of Parent) to promptly pay the cash amounts contemplated by Section 2.7 for any reason, Parent will, or will cause the
Surviving Corporation to, promptly replace or restore the amount of cash in the Exchange Fund so as to ensure that the Exchange Fund
is at all times fully available for distribution and maintained at a level sufficient for the Payment Agent to make the payments
contemplated by Section 2.7. Any income from investment of the Exchange Fund will be payable to Parent or the Surviving
Corporation, as Parent directs.

(c) Payment Procedures. Promptly following the Effective Time (and in any event within three Business Days), Parent and
the Surviving Corporation will cause the Payment Agent to mail to each holder of record (as of immediately prior to the Effective
Time) of (i) a certificate or certificates that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock (other than Dissenting Company Shares and Owned Company Shares) (the “Certificates”); and (ii) uncertificated
shares of Company Common Stock that represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (other than Dissenting Company
Shares and Owned Company Shares) (the “Uncertificated Shares”) (A) a letter of transmittal in customary form (which will specify
that delivery will be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates will pass, only upon delivery of the Certificates to the
Payment Agent); and (B) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the Certificates and Uncertificated Shares in exchange for the
Per Share Price payable in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.7. Upon surrender of Certificates for cancellation to the Payment
Agent, together with such letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the
holders of such Certificates will be entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by
multiplying (x) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock represented by such Certificate; by (y) the Per Share Price
(less any applicable withholding Taxes payable in respect thereof), and the Certificates so surrendered will forthwith be cancelled.
Upon receipt of an “agent’s message” by the Payment Agent (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the Payment Agent may
reasonably request) in the case of a book-entry transfer of Uncertificated Shares, the holders of such Uncertificated Shares will be
entitled to receive in exchange therefor an amount in cash equal to the product obtained by multiplying (1) the aggregate number of
shares of Company Common Stock represented by such holder’s transferred Uncertificated Shares; by (2) the Per Share Price (less any
applicable withholding Taxes payable in respect thereof), and the transferred Uncertificated Shares so surrendered will be cancelled.
The Payment Agent will accept such Certificates and transferred Uncertificated Shares upon compliance with such reasonable terms
and conditions as the Payment Agent may impose to cause an orderly exchange thereof in accordance with normal exchange practices.
No interest will be
 

A-18



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 126/205

Table of Contents

paid or accrued for the benefit of holders of the Certificates and Uncertificated Shares on the Per Share Price payable upon the
surrender of such Certificates and Uncertificated Shares pursuant to this Section 2.9(c). Until so surrendered, outstanding Certificates
and Uncertificated Shares will be deemed from and after the Effective Time to evidence only the right to receive the Per Share Price,
without interest thereon, payable in respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.7. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, no holder of Uncertificated Shares will be required to provide a Certificate or an executed letter of transmittal to the
Payment Agent in order to receive the payment that such holder is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.7.

(d) DTC Payment. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent and the Company will cooperate to establish procedures with the
Payment Agent and the Depository Trust Company (“DTC”) with the objective that the Payment Agent will transmit to DTC or its
nominees on the first Business Day after the Closing Date an amount in cash, by wire transfer of immediately available funds, equal to
(A) the number of shares of Company Common Stock (other than Owned Company Shares and Dissenting Company Shares) held of
record by DTC or such nominee immediately prior to the Effective Time; multiplied by (B) the Per Share Price.

(e) Transfers of Ownership. If a transfer of ownership of shares of Company Common Stock is not registered in the stock
transfer books or ledger of the Company, or if the Per Share Price is to be paid in a name other than that in which the Certificates
surrendered or transferred in exchange therefor are registered in the stock transfer books or ledger of the Company, the Per Share Price
may be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the Certificate so surrendered or transferred is registered in the stock
transfer books or ledger of the Company only if such Certificate is properly endorsed and otherwise in proper form for surrender and
transfer and the Person requesting such payment has paid to Parent (or any agent designated by Parent) any transfer Taxes required by
reason of the payment of the Per Share Price to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate, or established to the
satisfaction of Parent (or any agent designated by Parent) that such transfer Taxes have been paid or are otherwise not payable.
Payment of the applicable Per Share Price with respect to Uncertificated Shares will only be made to the Person in whose name such
Uncertificated Shares are registered.

(f) No Liability. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, none of the Payment Agent, Parent,
the Surviving Corporation or any other Party will be liable to a holder of shares of Company Common Stock for any amount properly
paid to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar law.

(g) Distribution of Exchange Fund to Parent. Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to the holders of
the Certificates or Uncertificated Shares on the date that is one year after the Effective Time will be delivered to Parent upon demand,
and any holders of shares of Company Common Stock that were issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Merger who have not
theretofore surrendered or transferred their Certificates or Uncertificated Shares representing such shares of Company Common Stock
for exchange pursuant to this Section 2.9 will thereafter look for payment of the Per Share Price payable in respect of the shares of
Company Common Stock represented by such Certificates or Uncertificated Shares solely to Parent (subject to abandoned property,
escheat or similar laws), solely as general creditors thereof, for any claim to the Per Share Price to which such holders may be entitled
pursuant to Section 2.7. Any amounts remaining unclaimed by holders of any such Certificates or Uncertificated Shares two years after
the Effective Time, or at such earlier date as is immediately prior to the time at which such amounts would otherwise escheat to, or
become property of, any Governmental Authority, will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, become the property of the Surviving
Corporation free and clear of any claims or interest of any such holders (and their successors, assigns or personal representatives)
previously entitled thereto.

2.10 No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. From and after the Effective Time, (a) all shares of Company
Common Stock will no longer be outstanding and will automatically be cancelled, retired and cease to exist; and (b) each holder of a
Certificate or Uncertificated Shares theretofore representing any shares of Company Common Stock will cease to have any rights with
respect thereto, except the right to receive the Per Share Price payable therefor in accordance with Section 2.7, or in the case of
Dissenting Company Shares, the
 

A-19



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 127/205

Table of Contents

rights pursuant to Section 2.7(c). The Per Share Price paid in accordance with the terms of this Article II will be deemed to have been
paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Company Common Stock. From and after the Effective Time, there
will be no further registration of transfers on the records of the Surviving Corporation of shares of Company Common Stock that were
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than transfers to reflect, in accordance with customary settlement
procedures, trades effected prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, Certificates or Uncertificated Shares are presented
to the Surviving Corporation for any reason, they will (subject to compliance with the exchange procedures of Section 2.9(c)) be
cancelled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.

2.11 Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. In the event that any Certificates have been lost, stolen or destroyed, the Payment
Agent will issue in exchange therefor, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the holder thereof, the Per Share Price payable in
respect thereof pursuant to Section 2.7. Parent or the Payment Agent may, in its discretion and as a condition precedent to the payment
of such Per Share Price, require the owners of such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificates to deliver a bond in such amount as it may
direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Payment Agent with respect to
the Certificates alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

2.12 Required Withholding. Each of the Payment Agent, Parent, the Company and the Surviving Corporation will be entitled to
deduct and withhold from any cash amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of shares of Company
Common Stock, Company RSUs or Company Options such amounts as are required to be deducted or withheld therefrom pursuant to
any Tax laws. To the extent that such amounts are so deducted or withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority,
such amounts will be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would
otherwise have been paid.

2.13 No Dividends or Distributions. No dividends or other distributions with respect to capital stock of the Surviving Corporation
with a record date on or after the Effective Time will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Certificates or Uncertificated Shares.

2.14 Necessary Further Actions. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out
the purposes of this Agreement and to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession to all assets, property, rights,
privileges, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub, then the directors and officers of the Company and Merger Sub as
of immediately prior to the Effective Time will take all such lawful and necessary action.

ARTICLE III
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

With respect to any Section of this Article III, except (a) as disclosed in the reports, statements and other documents filed by the
Company with the SEC or furnished by the Company to the SEC, in each case pursuant to the Exchange Act on or after July 1, 2015
and prior to the date hereof (other than any disclosures contained or referenced therein under the captions “Risk Factors,” “Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk” and any other
disclosures contained or referenced therein of information, factors or risks that are predictive, cautionary or forward-looking in nature)
(the “Recent SEC Reports”) (it being (i) understood that any matter disclosed in any Recent SEC Report will be deemed to be
disclosed in a section of the Company Disclosure Letter only to the extent that it is reasonably apparent on the face of such disclosure
in such Recent SEC Report that it is applicable to such section of the Company Disclosure Letter; and (ii) acknowledged that nothing
disclosed in the Recent SEC Reports will be deemed to modify or qualify the representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.7 or
Section 3.12(a)(ii)); or (b) subject to the terms of Section 9.12, as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to Parent
and Merger
 

A-20



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 128/205

Table of Contents

Sub on the date hereof (the “Company Disclosure Letter”), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as
follows:

3.1 Organization; Good Standing. The Company (a) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing
pursuant to the DGCL; and (b) has the requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted
and to own, lease or operate its properties and assets. The Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction where the character of its properties owned or leased or the nature of its activities make such qualification necessary (to the
extent that the concept of “good standing” is applicable in the case of any jurisdiction outside the United States), except where the
failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to
Parent true, correct and complete copies of the Charter and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Company (the “Bylaws”), each as
amended to date. The Company is not in violation of the Charter or the Bylaws.

3.2 Corporate Power; Enforceability. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to (a) execute and deliver
this Agreement; (b) perform its covenants and obligations hereunder; and (c) subject to receiving the Requisite Stockholder Approval,
consummate the Merger. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the performance by the Company of its
covenants and obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the Merger have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action
on the part of the Company and no additional corporate actions on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize (i) the execution
and delivery of this Agreement by the Company; (ii) the performance by the Company of its covenants and obligations hereunder; or
(iii) subject to the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the consummation of the Merger. This Agreement has been duly
executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger Sub,
constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except
as such enforceability (A) may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws
affecting or relating to creditors’ rights generally; and (B) is subject to general principles of equity (the “Enforceability Limitations”).

3.3 Company Board Approval; Fairness Opinion; Anti-Takeover Laws.

(a) Company Board Approval. The Company Board has unanimously (i) determined that it is in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, and declared it advisable, to enter into this Agreement and consummate the Merger upon the terms and
subject to the conditions set forth herein; (ii) approved the execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the performance
by the Company of its covenants and other obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the Merger upon the terms and conditions
set forth herein; and (iii) resolved to recommend that the Company Stockholders adopt this Agreement and approve the Merger in
accordance with the DGCL (collectively, the “Company Board Recommendation”), which Company Board Recommendation has
not been withdrawn, rescinded or modified in any way as of the date hereof.

(b) Fairness Opinion. The Company Board has received the written opinion (or an oral opinion to be confirmed in writing)
of its financial advisor, J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (the “Advisor”), to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion, and based upon
and subject to the various limitations, matters, qualifications and assumptions set forth therein, the Per Share Price to be received by
the holders of shares of Company Common Stock (other than Owned Company Shares or Dissenting Company Shares) pursuant to this
Agreement is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders (it being understood and agreed that such written opinion is for the
benefit of the Company Board and may not be relied upon by Parent or Merger Sub).

(c) Anti-Takeover Laws. Assuming that the representations of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in Section 4.6 are true and
correct, the Company Board has taken all necessary actions so that the restrictions on business combinations set forth in Section 203 of
the DGCL and any other similar applicable “anti-takeover” law will not be applicable to the Merger.
 

A-21



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 129/205

Table of Contents

3.4 Requisite Stockholder Approval. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Company
Common Stock entitled to vote on the Merger (the “Requisite Stockholder Approval”) is the only vote of the holders of any class or
series of Company Capital Stock that is necessary pursuant to applicable law, the Charter or the Bylaws to adopt this Agreement and
consummate the Merger.

3.5 Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company, the performance by the Company of its
covenants and obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the Merger do not (a) violate or conflict with any provision of the
Charter or the Bylaws; (b) violate, conflict with, result in the breach of, constitute a default (or an event that, with notice or lapse of
time or both, would become a default) pursuant to, result in the termination of, accelerate the performance required by, or result in a
right of termination or acceleration pursuant to any Material Contract; (c) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in
Section 3.6 and, in the case of the consummation of the Merger, subject to obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval, violate or
conflict with any law or order applicable to the Company Group or by which any of its properties or assets are bound; or (d) result in
the creation of any lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of the Company Group, except in the case of
each of clauses (b), (c) and (d) for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations, accelerations or liens that would not have
a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.6 Requisite Governmental Approvals. No consent, approval, order or authorization of, filing or registration with, or notification
to (any of the foregoing, a “Consent”) any Governmental Authority is required on the part of the Company (a) in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company; (b) the performance by the Company of its covenants and obligations
pursuant to this Agreement; or (c) the consummation of the Merger, except (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary
of State of the State of Delaware and such filings with Governmental Authorities to satisfy the applicable laws of states in which the
Company Group is qualified to do business; (ii) such filings and approvals as may be required by any federal or state securities laws,
including compliance with any applicable requirements of the Exchange Act; (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the
HSR Act and any applicable Antitrust Laws; and (iv) such other Consents the failure of which to obtain would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

3.7 Company Capitalization.

(a) Capital Stock. The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of (i) 1,000,000,000 shares of Company Common
Stock; and (ii) 20,000,000 shares of Company Preferred Stock. As of 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on May 26, 2017 (such time and date, the
“Capitalization Date”), (A) 32,070,650 shares of Company Common Stock were issued and outstanding (which excludes the shares of
Company Common Stock relating to the Company RSUs and Company Options referred to in clauses (i) and (ii) of Section 3.7(b));
(B) no shares of Company Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding; and (C) no shares of Company Common Stock were held by
the Company as treasury shares. All outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are validly issued, fully paid, nonassessable and
free of any preemptive rights. From the close of business on the Capitalization Date to the date hereof, the Company has not issued or
granted any Company Securities other than pursuant to the exercise of Company RSUs or Company Options granted prior to the date
hereof.

(b) Stock Reservation. As of the Capitalization Date, the Company has reserved 2,927,427 shares of Company Common
Stock for issuance pursuant to the Company Equity Plans. As of the Capitalization Date, there were outstanding (i) Company RSUs
representing the right to receive up to 1,570,100 shares of Company Common Stock (assuming, if applicable, the achievement of all
applicable performance goals at maximum levels); and (ii) Company Options to acquire 4,038,324 shares of Company Common Stock,
all of which are In-the-Money Company Options with a weighted average price of $6.33.

(c) Company Securities. Except as set forth in this Section 3.7, as of the Capitalization Date there were (i) other than the
Company Capital Stock, no outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, the Company; (ii) no
outstanding securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable or
 

A-22



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 130/205

Table of Contents

exercisable for shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest (including voting debt) in, the Company; (iii) no outstanding
options, warrants or other rights or binding arrangements to acquire from the Company, or that obligate the Company to issue, any
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock of, or
other equity or voting interest (including voting debt) in, the Company; (iv) no obligations of the Company to grant, extend or enter
into any subscription, warrant, right, convertible, exchangeable or exercisable security, or other similar Contract relating to any capital
stock of, or other equity or voting interest (including any voting debt) in, the Company; (v) no outstanding shares of restricted stock,
restricted stock units, stock appreciation rights, performance shares, contingent value rights, “phantom” stock or similar securities or
rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock of, or
other securities or ownership interests in, the Company (the items in clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) and (v), collectively with the Company
Capital Stock, the “Company Securities”); (vi) no voting trusts, proxies or similar arrangements or understandings to which the
Company is a party or by which the Company is bound with respect to the voting of any shares of capital stock of, or other equity or
voting interest in, the Company; (vii) no obligations or binding commitments of any character restricting the transfer of any shares of
capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, the Company to which the Company is a party or by which it is bound; and
(viii) no other obligations by the Company to make any payments based on the price or value of any Company Securities. The
Company is not a party to any Contract that obligates it to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any Company Securities. There are
no accrued and unpaid dividends with respect to any outstanding shares of Company Capital Stock. The Company does not have a
stockholder rights plan in effect.

(d) Other Rights. The Company is not a party to any Contract relating to the voting of, requiring registration of, or granting
any preemptive rights, anti-dilutive rights or rights of first refusal or other similar rights with respect to any Company Securities.

3.8 Subsidiaries.

(a) Subsidiaries. Section 3.8(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list of the name,
jurisdiction of organization, and schedule of stockholders (other than the Company Group) of each Subsidiary of the Company. Each
Subsidiary of the Company (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing pursuant to the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization (to the extent that the concept of “good standing” is applicable in the case of any jurisdiction outside the United States);
and (ii) has the requisite corporate power and authority to carry on its respective business as it is presently being conducted and to own,
lease or operate its respective properties and assets, except where the failure to be in good standing would not have a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Each Subsidiary of the Company is duly qualified to do business and is in good standing in each jurisdiction
where the character of its properties owned or leased or the nature of its activities make such qualification necessary (to the extent that
the concept of “good standing” is applicable in the case of any jurisdiction outside the United States), except where the failure to be so
qualified or in good standing would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has made available to Parent true,
correct and complete copies of the certificates of incorporation, bylaws and other similar organizational documents of each “significant
subsidiary” (as defined in Rule 1-02(w) of Regulation S-X promulgated by the SEC) of the Company, each as amended to date. No
Subsidiary of the Company is in violation of its charter, bylaws or other similar organizational documents, except for such violations
that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Capital Stock of Subsidiaries. All of the outstanding capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, each
Subsidiary of the Company (i) has been duly authorized, validly issued and is fully paid and nonassessable; and (ii) except for
director’s qualifying or similar shares, is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, free and clear of all liens (other than Permitted
Liens) and any other restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such capital stock or other
equity or voting interest) that would prevent such Subsidiary from conducting its business as of the Effective Time in substantially the
same manner that such business is conducted on the date hereof.
 

A-23



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 131/205

Table of Contents

(c) Other Securities of Subsidiaries. There are no outstanding (i) securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable
for shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, any Subsidiary of the Company; (ii) options, warrants or other rights
or arrangements obligating the Company Group to acquire from any Subsidiary of the Company, or that obligate any Subsidiary of the
Company to issue, any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest in, or any securities convertible into or exchangeable for,
shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest (including any voting debt) in, any Subsidiary of the Company; or
(iii) obligations of any Subsidiary of the Company to grant, extend or enter into any subscription, warrant, right, convertible or
exchangeable security, or other similar Contract relating to any capital stock of, or other equity or voting interest (including any voting
debt) in, such Subsidiary to any Person other than the Company or one of its Subsidiaries.

(d) Other Investments. Other than equity securities held in the ordinary course of business for cash management purposes,
the Company does not own or hold the right to acquire any equity securities, ownership interests or voting interests (including voting
debt) of, or securities exchangeable or exercisable therefor, or investments in, any other Person.

3.9 Company SEC Reports. Since July 1, 2015, the Company has filed all forms, reports and documents with the SEC that have
been required to be filed by it pursuant to applicable laws prior to the date hereof (the “Company SEC Reports”). Each Company
SEC Report complied, as of its filing date, in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act or the
Exchange Act, as the case may be, each as in effect on the date that such Company SEC Report was filed. True, correct and complete
copies of all Company SEC Reports are publicly available in the Electronic Data Gathering, Analysis and Retrieval database of the
SEC. As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such amended or superseded
filing), each Company SEC Report did not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in
order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. No
Subsidiary of the Company is required to file any forms, reports or documents with the SEC.

3.10 Company Financial Statements; Internal Controls; Indebtedness.

(a) Company Financial Statements. The consolidated financial statements (including any related notes and schedules) of the
Company Group filed with the Company SEC Reports (i) were prepared in accordance with GAAP (except as may be indicated in the
notes thereto or as otherwise permitted by Form 10-Q with respect to any financial statements filed on Form 10-Q); and (ii) fairly
present, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company Group as of the dates thereof and the consolidated
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended. Except as have been described in the Company SEC Reports, there are
no unconsolidated Subsidiaries of the Company or any off-balance sheet arrangements of the type required to be disclosed pursuant to
Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC.

(b) Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company has established and maintains “disclosure controls and procedures”
and “internal control over financial reporting” (in each case as defined pursuant to Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 promulgated under the
Exchange Act). The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that all (i) material information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports and other documents that it files or furnishes pursuant to the Exchange Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC; and (ii) such
material information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The
Company’s management has completed an assessment of the effectiveness of the Company’s internal control over financial reporting in
compliance with the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2017, and such
assessment concluded that such system was effective. Since July 1, 2015, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer
of the Company have made all certifications required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Neither the
 

A-24



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 132/205

Table of Contents

Company nor its principal executive officer or principal financial officer has received notice from any Governmental Authority
challenging or questioning the accuracy, completeness, form or manner of filing of such certifications.

(c) Internal Controls. The Company has established and maintains a system of internal accounting controls that are effective
in providing reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in
accordance with GAAP, including policies and procedures that (i) require the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail
accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company Group; (ii) provide reasonable assurance
that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP and that receipts and
expenditures of the Company Group are being made only in accordance with appropriate authorizations of the Company’s management
and the Company Board; and (iii) provide assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of the assets of the Company Group. Neither the Company nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, the Company’s
independent registered public accounting firm has identified or been made aware of (A) any significant deficiency or material
weakness in the system of internal control over financial reporting utilized by the Company Group that has not been subsequently
remediated; or (B) any fraud that involves the Company’s management or other employees who have a role in the preparation of
financial statements or the internal control over financial reporting utilized by the Company Group. As of the date hereof, there are no
outstanding or unresolved comments in comment letters received from the SEC with respect to the Company SEC Reports.

(d) Indebtedness. Section 3.10(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list of all
Indebtedness of the Company Group as of the date hereof, other than Indebtedness reflected in the Audited Company Balance Sheet or
otherwise included in the Company SEC Reports.

3.11 No Undisclosed Liabilities. The Company Group has no liabilities of a nature required to be reflected or reserved against on
a balance sheet (or the notes thereto) prepared in accordance with GAAP, other than liabilities (a) reflected or otherwise reserved
against in the Audited Company Balance Sheet or in the consolidated financial statements of the Company Group (including the notes
thereto) included in the Company SEC Reports filed prior to the date hereof; (b) arising pursuant to this Agreement or incurred in
connection with the Merger; (c) incurred in the ordinary course of business on or after February 1, 2017; or (d) that would not have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.12 Absence of Certain Changes.

(a) No Company Material Adverse Effect. Since February 1, 2017 through the date hereof, (i) the business of the Company
Group has been conducted, in all material respects, in the ordinary course of business and (ii) there has not occurred a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Forbearance. Since February 1, 2017 through the date hereof, the Company has not taken any action that would be
prohibited by Section 5.2 (other than subsections 5.2(c), 5.2(i), 5.2(j), 5.2(n), 5.2(o), and 5.2(w) (to the extent related to the foregoing
subsections), if taken or proposed to be taken after the date hereof.

3.13 Material Contracts.

(a) List of Material Contracts. Section 3.13(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list of
all Material Contracts to or by which the Company Group is a party or is bound as of the date hereof (other than any Material Contracts
contemplated by clause (i) of the definition of Material Contract and any Material Contracts listed in Section 3.18(a) of the Company
Disclosure Letter), and a true, correct and complete copy of each Material Contract has been made available to Parent.

(b) Validity. Each Material Contract is valid and binding on the Company or each such Subsidiary of the Company party
thereto and is in full force and effect, and none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries party
 

A-25



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 133/205

Table of Contents

thereto or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto is in breach of or default pursuant to any such Material Contract,
except for such failures to be in full force and effect that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No event has occurred
that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute such a breach or default pursuant to any Material Contract by the Company
Group, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party thereto, except for such breaches and defaults that would not have a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Notices from Material Customers. To the Knowledge of the Company, since the date of the Audited Company Balance
Sheet to the date hereof, the Company has not received any notice in writing from or on behalf of any Material Customer indicating
that such Material Customer intends to terminate, or not renew, any Material Contract with such Material Customer.

3.14 Real Property.

(a) Owned Real Property. The Company Group does not own any real property.

(b) Leased Real Property. Section 3.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list, as of
the date hereof, of all of the existing leases, subleases, licenses or other agreements pursuant to which the Company Group uses or
occupies, or has the right to use or occupy, now or in the future, any real property in excess of 25,000 square feet (such property, the
“Leased Real Property,” and each such lease, sublease, license or other agreement, a “Lease”). The Company has made available to
Parent true, correct and complete copies of all Leases (including all material modifications, amendments and supplements thereto).
With respect to each Lease and except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect or materially and adversely affect the
current use by the Company or its Subsidiaries of the Leased Real Property, (i) the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ possession and quiet
enjoyment of the Leased Real Property under such Lease has not been disturbed, and to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no
disputes with respect to such Lease; (ii) the Company or one of its Subsidiaries has not collaterally assigned or granted any other
security interest in such Lease or any interest therein; and (iii) there are no liens (other than Permitted Liens) on the estate or interest
created by such Lease. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries has valid leasehold estates in the Leased Real Property, free and clear of
all liens (other than Permitted Liens). Neither the Company Group, nor to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party to the Lease
is in material breach of or default pursuant to any Lease.

(c) Subleases. Section 3.14(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list of all of the
existing material subleases, licenses or similar agreements (each, a “Sublease”) granting to any Person, other than the Company
Group, any right to use or occupy, now or in the future, the Leased Real Property. With respect to each of the Subleases, (i) to the
Knowledge of the Company, there are no disputes with respect to such Sublease; (ii) the other party to such Sublease is not an Affiliate
of, and otherwise does not have any economic interest in, the Company Group.

3.15 Environmental Matters. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the members of the
Company Group (a) has received any written notice alleging that the Company or any Subsidiary has violated, or has any liability
under, any applicable Environmental Law; (b) has transported, produced, processed, manufactured, generated, used, treated, handled,
stored, released or disposed, or arranged for the disposal, of any Hazardous Substances in violation of any applicable Environmental
Law; (c) has exposed any employee or other Person to Hazardous Substances in violation of or in a manner giving rise to liability
under any applicable Environmental Law; (d) is a party to or is the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened Legal Proceeding (i) alleging the noncompliance by the Company Group with any Environmental Law; or (ii) seeking to
impose any financial responsibility for any investigation, cleanup, removal or remediation pursuant to any Environmental Law; (e) has
failed or is failing to comply with any Environmental Law; or (f) to the Company’s Knowledge, does not own or operate any property
or facility contaminated by any Hazardous Substance which would reasonably be expected to result in liability to the Company or any
Subsidiary under Environmental Law.
 

A-26



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 134/205

Table of Contents

3.16 Intellectual Property.

(a) Registered Intellectual Property; Proceedings. Section 3.16(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct
and complete list as of the date hereof of all (i) material items of Company Registered Intellectual Property and specifies, where
applicable, the jurisdictions in which each such item of Company Registered Intellectual Property has been issued or registered; and
(ii) Legal Proceedings before any Governmental Authority (other than actions related to the ordinary course prosecution of Company
Registered Intellectual Property before the United States Patent and Trademark Office or the equivalent authority anywhere in the
world) related to any material Company Registered Intellectual Property. The Company has maintained all material Registered
Company Intellectual Property in the ordinary course consistent with reasonable business practices. None of the material Company
Registered Intellectual Property is jointly owned with any third Person.

(b) No Order. No material Company Intellectual Property is subject to any Legal Proceeding or outstanding order with
respect to the Company restricting in any manner the use, transfer or licensing thereof by the Company Group of such Company
Intellectual Property or any of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ products.

(c) Absence of Liens. The Company or one of its Subsidiaries owns and has good and valid legal and equitable title to each
item of material Company Intellectual Property free and clear of any liens (other than Permitted Liens).

(d) Transfers. The Company Group has not transferred ownership of, or granted any exclusive license with respect to, any
material Company Intellectual Property to any third Person.

(e) IP Contracts. Section 3.16(e) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all
Contracts to which the Company Group is a party (i) with respect to material Company Intellectual Property that is licensed or
transferred to any third Person other than any (a) non-disclosure agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; and
(b) non-exclusive licenses (including software as a service or “SaaS” license) granted in the ordinary course of business or in
connection with the sale of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ products; (ii) pursuant to which a third Person has licensed or transferred
any Intellectual Property to the Company Group, which Intellectual Property is material to the operation of the business of the
Company, other than any (a) non-disclosure agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business; (b) non-exclusive licenses of
commercially available Intellectual Property, software and technology; and (c) non-exclusive licenses to software and materials
licensed as open-source, public-source or freeware; or (iii) pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary is obligated to perform
any material development with respect to any material Company Intellectual Property (all such Contracts, the “IP Contracts”). Neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary has performed developments for any third party except where the Company or a Subsidiary owns or
retains a right to use any Intellectual Property developed in connection therewith that is used in or necessary for the operation of its
business.

(f) Changes. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the consummation of the Merger will not under
any IP Contract result: (i) in the termination of any license of Intellectual Property to the Company by a third Person; (ii) the granting
by the Company of any license or rights to any Company Intellectual Property; or (iii) the release from escrow of any material
Company technology or software.

(g) No Government Funding. The Company is not under any obligation to license any material Company Intellectual
Property to any Governmental Authority because it has received funding to develop such material Company Intellectual Property from
a Governmental Authority.

(h) No Infringement. To the Knowledge of the Company, the operation of the business of the Company Group as such
business currently is conducted (including the manufacture and sale of the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ products) as of the date
hereof does not infringe, misappropriate, dilute or otherwise violate the
 

A-27



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 135/205

Table of Contents

Intellectual Property of any third Person or constitute unfair competition or unfair trade practices pursuant to the laws of any
jurisdiction in a manner that has or could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company Group, taken as a
whole.

(i) No Notice of Infringement. Since July 1, 2015, the Company Group has not received written notice from any third
Person, or been involved in any Legal Proceeding, alleging that the operation of the business of the Company Group or of the
Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ products infringes, misappropriates, dilutes or otherwise violates the Intellectual Property of any
third Person or constitutes unfair competition or unfair trade practices pursuant to the laws of any jurisdiction in a manner that has or
could reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company Group, taken as a whole.

(j) No Third Person Infringement. Since July 1, 2015, the Company Group has not provided any third Person with written
notice claiming that such third Person is infringing, misappropriating, diluting or otherwise violating any material Company
Intellectual Property, and, except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, to the Knowledge of the Company, no such
activity is occurring that has resulted in a material liability to the Company Group, taken as a whole.

(k) Proprietary Information. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps to protect the
Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ rights in their confidential information and trade secrets that they wish to protect or any trade secrets
or confidential information of third Persons provided to the Company Group. Without limiting the foregoing, each of the Company
Group has and uses commercially reasonable efforts to enforce a policy requiring each officer and employee engaged in the
development of any Intellectual Property or technology for the Company or its Subsidiaries to execute a proprietary information and
confidentiality agreement.

(l) Data Security and Privacy. Except as would not be material to the operations of the business of the Company Group,
taken as a whole, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) maintains policies and procedures regarding the security, privacy,
transfer and use of personally identifiable information collected by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries that are commercially
reasonable; and (ii) is in compliance in all material respects with such policies and other laws, rules and regulations pertaining to data
privacy and data security. Except as would not be material to the operations of the business of the Company Group, taken as a whole,
to the Knowledge of the Company, since July 1, 2015, there have been no (A) losses or thefts of, or security breaches relating to,
personally identifiable information in the possession, custody or control of the Company Group; (B) unauthorized access or
unauthorized use of any such personally identifiable information; and (C) improper disclosure of any personally identifiable
information in the possession, custody or control of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Person acting on their behalf.

(m) Products and Source Code. To the Knowledge of the Company, except as would not be material to the operations of the
business of the Company Group, taken as a whole, there are (i) no defects in any of the products of the Company Group that would
prevent the same from performing materially in accordance with the Company’s obligations to customers under written customer
agreements; and (ii) no viruses, worms, Trojan horses or similar disabling codes or programs in any of the same. As of the date hereof,
the Company Group possess all source code and other materials that embody material Company Intellectual Property used by the
Company Group in the development and maintenance of the products of the Company Group, except as would not be material to the
operations of the business of the Company Group, taken as a whole. The Company Group has not disclosed, delivered, licensed or
otherwise made available, and does not have a duty or obligation (whether present, contingent, or otherwise) to disclose, deliver,
license, or otherwise make available, any source code that embodies material Company Intellectual Property for any product of the
Company Group to any Person, except as would not be material to the operations of the business of the Company Group, taken as a
whole.

(n) Open Source Software. To the Knowledge of the Company, no material product of the Company Group is distributed
with any software that is licensed to the Company Group pursuant to an open source, public-
 

A-28



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 136/205

Table of Contents

source, freeware or other third party license agreement in a manner that, in each case, requires the Company Group to disclose or
license any material proprietary source code that embodies material Company Intellectual Property for any product of the Company
Group or in a manner that requires any material product of the Company Group to be made available at no charge, except, in each case,
as would not be material to the operations of the business of the Company Group, taken as a whole.

3.17 Tax Matters.

(a) Tax Returns. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have (i) timely filed (taking into account valid extensions) all United States federal, state, local and non-United States returns,
estimates, information statements and reports (including amendments thereto) relating to any and all Taxes (“Tax Returns”) required
to be filed by any of them; and (ii) paid, or have adequately reserved on the face of the Audited Company Balance Sheet (as opposed to
the notes thereto and in accordance with GAAP) for the payment of, all Taxes that are required to be paid through the date of the
Audited Company Balance Sheet. The most recent financial statements contained in the Company SEC Reports reflect an adequate
reserve (in accordance with GAAP) for all Taxes accrued but not then payable by the Company Group through the date of such
financial statements. None of the Company Group has executed any waiver, except in connection with any ongoing Tax examination,
of any statute of limitations on, or extended the period for the assessment or collection of, any material Tax, in each case that has not
since expired.

(b) Taxes Paid. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries has
timely paid or withheld with respect to their employees and other third Persons (and paid over any amounts withheld to the appropriate
Tax authority) all United States federal and state income taxes, Federal Insurance Contribution Act, Federal Unemployment Tax Act
and other similar Taxes required to be paid or withheld.

(c) No Audits. No audits or other examinations with respect to Taxes of the Company Group are presently in progress or
have been asserted or proposed in writing. No written claim has ever been made by a Governmental Authority in a jurisdiction where
the Company Group does not file Tax Returns that the Company or such Subsidiary, as the case may be, is or may be subject to tax in
that jurisdiction.

(d) Spin-offs. None of the members of the Company Group has constituted either a “distributing corporation” or a
“controlled corporation” in a distribution of stock intended to qualify for tax-free treatment pursuant to Section 355 of the Code.

(e) No Listed Transaction. The Company Group has not engaged in a “listed transaction” as set forth in Treasury Regulation
§ 1.6011-4(b)(2).

(f) Tax Agreements. None of the Company Group (i) is a party to or bound by, or currently has any material liability pursuant
to, any Tax sharing, allocation or indemnification agreement or obligation, other than any such agreement or obligation entered into in
the ordinary course of business the primary purpose of which is unrelated to Taxes; or (ii) has any material liability for the Taxes of any
Person other than the Company Group pursuant to Treasury Regulation § 1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or
non-United States law) as a transferee or successor, or otherwise by operation of law.

3.18 Employee Plans.

(a) Employee Plans. Section 3.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list, as of the
date hereof, of (i) all material “employee benefit plans” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA), whether or not subject to ERISA; and
(ii) all other material employment, bonus, stock option, stock purchase or other equity-based, benefit, incentive compensation, profit
sharing, savings, retirement, disability, insurance, vacation, deferred compensation, severance, termination, retention, change of control
and other similar
 

A-29



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 137/205

Table of Contents

material fringe, welfare or other employee benefit plans, programs, agreement, contracts, policies or binding arrangements (whether or
not in writing) maintained or contributed to for the benefit of any current employee or director of the Company Group or any other
trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that would be treated as a single employer with the Company Group pursuant to
Section 414 of the Code (an “ERISA Affiliate”) and with respect to which the Company Group has any current material liability,
contingent or otherwise (collectively, the “Employee Plans”). With respect to each Employee Plan, to the extent applicable, the
Company has made available to Parent true, correct and complete copies of (A) the most recent annual report on Form 5500 required to
have been filed with the IRS for each Employee Plan, including all schedules thereto; (B) the most recent determination or opinion
letter, if any, from the IRS for any Employee Plan that is intended to qualify pursuant to Section 401(a) of the Code; (C) the plan
documents and summary plan descriptions; (D) any related trust agreements, insurance contracts, insurance policies or other
documents of any funding arrangements; (E) any notices to or from the IRS or any office or representative of the United States
Department of Labor or any similar Governmental Authority relating to any material compliance issues in respect of any such
Employee Plan; and (F) with respect to each material Employee Plan that is maintained in any non-United States jurisdiction (the
“International Employee Plans”), to the extent applicable, (1) the most recent annual report or similar compliance documents
required to be filed with any Governmental Authority with respect to such plan; and (2) any document comparable to the determination
letter referenced pursuant to clause (B) above issued by a Governmental Authority relating to the satisfaction of law necessary to obtain
the most favorable Tax treatment.

(b) Absence of Certain Plans. Except as set forth on Section 3.18(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the Company
nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has previously maintained, sponsored or contributed to or currently maintains, sponsors or participates
in, or contributes to, or has any liability or obligation with respect to, (i) a “multiemployer plan” (as defined in Section 3(37) of
ERISA); (ii) a “multiple employer plan” (as defined in Section 4063 or Section 4064 of ERISA); or (iii) a defined benefit pension plan
or a plan subject to Section 302 of Title I of ERISA, Section 412 of the Code or Title IV of ERISA.

(c) Compliance. Each Employee Plan has been maintained, funded, operated and administered in all material respects in
accordance with its terms and with all applicable law, including the applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and any applicable
regulatory guidance issued by any Governmental Authority. To the Knowledge of the Company, all required contributions to the
Employee Plans have been timely and accurately made, and no Employee Plan has any unfunded liabilities that have not been fully
accrued.

(d) Employee Plan Legal Proceedings. As of the date hereof, there are no material Legal Proceedings pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, threatened on behalf of or against any Employee Plan, the assets of any trust pursuant to any Employee
Plan, or the plan sponsor, plan administrator or any fiduciary or any Employee Plan with respect to the administration or operation of
such plans, other than routine claims for benefits that have been or are being handled through an administrative claims procedure.

(e) No Prohibited Transactions. None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of
their respective directors, officers, employees or agents has, with respect to any Employee Plan, engaged in or been a party to any
breach of fiduciary duty or non-exempt “prohibited transaction” (as defined in Section 4975 of the Code or Section 406 of ERISA) that
could reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of a material penalty assessed pursuant to Section 502(i) of ERISA or a
material Tax imposed by Section 4975 of the Code, in each case applicable to the Company Group or any Employee Plan, or for which
the Company Group has any indemnification obligation.

(f) No Welfare Benefit Plan. No Employee Plan provides post-termination or retiree life insurance, health or other welfare
benefits to any person, except as may be required by Section 4980B of the Code or any similar law.

(g) No Additional Rights. None of the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger will,
either alone or in conjunction with any other event (whether contingent or otherwise),
 

A-30



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 138/205

Table of Contents

(i) result in, or accelerate the time of payment or vesting of, any payment (including severance, change in control, stay or retention
bonus or otherwise) becoming due under any Employee Plan; (ii) materially increase any compensation or benefits otherwise payable
under any Employee Plan; (iii) result in the acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits under any Employee
Plan; (iv) result in the forfeiture of compensation or benefits under any Employee Plan; (v) trigger any other material obligation under,
or result in the breach or violation of, any Employee Plan; or (vi) limit or restrict the right of Parent to merge, amend or terminate any
Employee Plan on or after the Effective Time.

(h) Section 280G. No payment or benefit that could be made by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate will be characterized
as a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and the Company Group has no obligation to gross-up or
indemnify any individual with respect to any Tax under Section 4999 of the Code.

(i) Section 409A. Each Employee Plan has been maintained, in form and operation, in all material respects in material
compliance with Section 409A of the Code, and the Company Group has no obligation to gross-up or indemnify any individual with
respect to any such Tax.

(j) International Employee Plans. Each International Employee Plan has been established, maintained and administered in
compliance in all material respects with its terms and conditions and with the requirements prescribed by any applicable laws.
Furthermore, no International Employee Plan has material unfunded liabilities that as of the Effective Time will not be offset by
insurance or fully accrued. Except as required by applicable law, no condition exists that would prevent the Company Group from
terminating or amending any International Employee Plan at any time for any reason without material liability to the Company or its
Subsidiaries (other than ordinary notice and administration requirements and expenses or routine claims for benefits).

(k) No New Employee Plans. The Company Group has no plan or commitment to amend any Employee Plan or establish
any material new employee benefit plan or to materially increase any benefits pursuant to any Employee Plan.

3.19 Labor Matters.

(a) Union Activities. The Company Group is not a party to or bound by any collective bargaining agreement, labor union
contract or trade union agreement (each, a “Collective Bargaining Agreement”). To the Knowledge of the Company, there are no
activities or proceedings of any labor organization or trade union to organize any employees of the Company Group with regard to their
employment with the Company Group, and no such activities or proceedings have occurred within the past three years. No Collective
Bargaining Agreement is being negotiated by the Company Group. There is no strike, lockout, slowdown, or work stoppage against the
Company Group pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened directly against the Company Group, and no such labor
disputes have occurred within the past three years.

(b) Wage and Hour Compliance. The Company Group has complied with applicable laws and orders with respect to
employment (including applicable laws, rules and regulations regarding wage and hour requirements, immigration status,
discrimination in employment, employee health and safety, and collective bargaining), except for instances of such noncompliance that
would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c) Withholding. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries
have withheld all amounts required by applicable law to be withheld from the wages, salaries and other payments to employees, and
are not liable for any arrears of wages or any Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing. None of the
Company Group is liable for any material payment to any trust or other fund or to any Governmental Authority with respect to
unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits for employees (other than routine payments to be made in the
ordinary course of business).
 

A-31



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 139/205

Table of Contents

3.20 Permits. Except as would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company Group holds, to the extent legally
required, all permits, licenses, variances, clearances, consents, commissions, franchises, exemptions, orders and approvals from
Governmental Authorities (“Permits”) that are required for the operation of the business of the Company Group as currently
conducted. The Company Group complies with the terms of all Permits, and no suspension or cancellation of any of the Permits is
pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, except for such noncompliance, suspensions or cancellations that would not
have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.21 Compliance with Laws. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is in compliance with all laws and orders that are
applicable to the Company Group or to the conduct of the business or operations of the Company Group, except for noncompliance
that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect. No representation or warranty is made in this Section 3.21 with respect to
(a) compliance with the Exchange Act, which is exclusively addressed by Section 3.9 and Section 3.10; (b) compliance with
Environmental Law, which is exclusively addressed by Section 3.15; (c) compliance with applicable Tax laws, which is exclusively
addressed by Section 3.17 and Section 3.18; (d) compliance with ERISA and other applicable laws relating to employee benefits,
which is exclusively addressed by Section 3.18; (e) compliance with labor law matters, which is exclusively addressed by Section 3.19;
or (f) compliance with trade control laws and the FCPA, which is exclusively addressed by Section 3.26.

3.22 Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a) No Legal Proceedings. There are no material Legal Proceedings pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened against the Company Group or, as of the date hereof, against any present or former officer or director of the Company
Group in such individual’s capacity as such.

(b) No Orders. None of the Company Group is subject to any material order of any kind or nature that would prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Merger or the ability of the Company to fully perform its covenants and obligations pursuant
to this Agreement.

3.23 Insurance. As of the date hereof, the Company Group has all material policies of insurance covering the Company Group
and any of its employees, properties or assets, including policies of life, property, fire, workers’ compensation, products liability,
directors’ and officers’ liability and other casualty and liability insurance, that is customarily carried by Persons conducting business
similar to that of the Company Group. As of the date hereof, all such insurance policies are in full force and effect, no notice of
cancellation has been received and there is no existing default or event that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would constitute a
default by any insured thereunder, except for such defaults that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

3.24 Related Person Transactions. Except for indemnification, compensation or other employment arrangements in the ordinary
course of business, there are no Contracts, transactions, arrangements or understandings between the Company Group, on the one hand,
and any Affiliate (including any director or officer) thereof, but not including any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company, on the
other hand, that would be required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC in the Company’s
Form 10-K or proxy statement pertaining to an annual meeting of stockholders.

3.25 Brokers. Except for the Advisor, there is no financial advisor, investment banker, broker, finder, agent or other Person that
has been retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of the Company Group who is entitled to any financial advisor’s, investment
banking, brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in connection with the Merger.
 

A-32



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 140/205

Table of Contents

3.26 Trade Controls; FCPA.

(a) Trade Controls.

(i) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has conducted its transactions in material accordance with all applicable
United States export and re-export control laws, import laws, economic sanctions laws, and all other applicable export control, import
and sanctions laws in other countries in which the Company Group conducts business (collectively, “Trade Control Laws”).

(ii) The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has implemented and maintained in effect written policies, procedures
and internal controls reasonably designed to prevent, deter and detect violations of applicable Trade Control Laws.

(iii) To the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, there are no pending or threatened Legal Proceedings
against the Company Group alleging a material violation of any of the Export Control Laws that are applicable to the Company.

(iv) No licenses or approvals pursuant to the Trade Control Laws are necessary for the transfer of any export licenses
or other export approvals to Parent or the Surviving Corporation in connection with the consummation of the Merger, except for any
such licenses or approvals the failure of which to obtain would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) FCPA. During the past five years, none of the Company Group or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any officer,
director, agent, employee or other Person acting on their behalf, has, directly or indirectly, (i) taken any action that would cause them to
be in violation of any provision of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption laws in other countries in which the Company Group
conducts business; (ii) used any corporate funds for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses relating to
political activity; (iii) made, offered or authorized any unlawful payment, or other thing of value, to foreign or domestic government
officials or employees; or (iv) made, offered or authorized any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other
similar unlawful payment in violation of the FCPA or other applicable anticorruption laws.

ARTICLE IV
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Parent and Merger Sub to the Company on the date hereof (the “Parent
Disclosure Letter”), Parent and Merger Sub hereby represent and warrant to the Company as follows:

4.1 Organization; Good Standing.

(a) Parent. Parent (i) is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing pursuant to the laws of its jurisdiction of
organization; and (ii) has the requisite power and authority to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted and to own, lease
or operate its properties and assets.

(b) Merger Sub. Merger Sub (i) is a corporation duly organized, validly existing and in good standing pursuant to the
DGCL; and (ii) has the requisite corporate power and authority to conduct its business as it is presently being conducted and to own,
lease or operate its properties and assets.

(c) Organizational Documents. Parent has made available to the Company true, correct and complete copies of the
certificate of incorporation, bylaws and other similar organizational documents of Parent and Merger Sub, each as amended to date.
Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is in violation of its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational document.
 

A-33



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 141/205

Table of Contents

4.2 Power; Enforceability. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has the requisite power and authority to (a) execute and deliver this
Agreement; (b) perform its covenants and obligations hereunder; and (c) consummate the Merger. The execution and delivery of this
Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub, the performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of its respective covenants and
obligations hereunder and the consummation of the Merger have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of each of
Parent and Merger Sub and no additional actions on the part of Parent or Merger Sub are necessary to authorize (i) the execution and
delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub; (ii) the performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of its respective
covenants and obligations hereunder; or (iii) the consummation of the Merger. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered
by each of Parent and Merger Sub and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, constitutes a legal,
valid and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with
its terms, subject to the Enforceability Limitations.

4.3 Non-Contravention. The execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub, the performance by
each of Parent and Merger Sub of their respective covenants and obligations hereunder, and the consummation of the Merger do not
(a) violate or conflict with any provision of the certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents of Parent
or Merger Sub; (b) violate, conflict with, result in the breach of, constitute a default (or an event that, with notice or lapse of time or
both, would become a default) pursuant to, or result in the termination of, or accelerate the performance required by, or result in a right
of termination or acceleration pursuant to any of the terms, conditions or provisions of any note, bond, mortgage, indenture, lease,
license, contract, agreement or other instrument or obligation to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party or by which Parent, Merger Sub
or any of their properties or assets may be bound; (c) assuming the consents, approvals and authorizations referred to in Section 4.4
have been obtained, violate or conflict with any law or order applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or by which any of their properties or
assets are bound; or (d) result in the creation of any lien (other than Permitted Liens) upon any of the properties or assets of Parent or
Merger Sub, except in the case of each of clauses (b), (c) and (d) for such violations, conflicts, breaches, defaults, terminations,
accelerations or liens that would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or
the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective covenants and obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

4.4 Requisite Governmental Approvals. No Consent of any Governmental Authority is required on the part of Parent, Merger Sub
or any of their Affiliates (a) in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub; (b) the
performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of their respective covenants and obligations pursuant to this Agreement; or (c) the
consummation of the Merger, except (i) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and
such filings with Governmental Authorities to satisfy the applicable laws of states in which the Company Group is qualified to do
business; (ii) such filings and approvals as may be required by any federal or state securities laws, including compliance with any
applicable requirements of the Exchange Act; (iii) compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act and any other
applicable Antitrust Laws; and (iv) such other Consents the failure of which to obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate,
prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective
covenants and obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

4.5 Legal Proceedings; Orders.

(a) No Legal Proceedings. As of the date hereof, there are no Legal Proceedings pending or, to the knowledge of Parent or
any of its Affiliates, threatened against Parent or Merger Sub that would, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay
the consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective covenants and obligations
pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) No Orders. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is subject to any order of any kind or nature that would prevent or materially
delay the consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective covenants and
obligations pursuant to this Agreement.
 

A-34



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 142/205

Table of Contents

4.6 Ownership of Company Capital Stock. None of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective directors, officers, general
partners or Affiliates or, to the knowledge of Parent or any of its Affiliates, any employees of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
Affiliates (a) has owned any shares of Company Capital Stock; or (b) has been an “interested stockholder” (as defined in Section 203
of the DGCL) of the Company, in each case during the two years prior to the date hereof.

4.7 Brokers. There is no financial advisor, investment banker, broker, finder, agent or other Person that has been retained by or is
authorized to act on behalf of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their Affiliates who is entitled to any financial advisor’s, investment
banking, brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in connection with the Merger.

4.8 Operations of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has been formed solely for the purpose of engaging in
the Merger, and, prior to the Effective Time, neither Parent nor Merger Sub will have engaged in any other business activities and will
have incurred no liabilities or obligations other than as contemplated by the Equity Commitment Letter or any agreements or
arrangements entered into in connection with the Debt Financing, the Guaranty and this Agreement. Parent owns beneficially and of
record all of the outstanding capital stock, and other equity and voting interest in, Merger Sub free and clear of all liens.

4.9 No Parent Vote or Approval Required. No vote or consent of the holders of any capital stock of, or other equity or voting
interest in, Parent is necessary to approve this Agreement and the Merger. The vote or consent of Parent, as the sole stockholder of
Merger Sub, is the only vote or consent of the capital stock of, or other equity interest in, Merger Sub necessary to approve this
Agreement and the Merger.

4.10 Guaranty. Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Guarantor has delivered to the Company its duly executed
Guaranty. The Guaranty is in full force and effect and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Guarantor, enforceable
against it in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability Limitations. No event has occurred that, with notice or lapse of
time or both, would, or would reasonably be expected to, constitute a default on the part of the Guarantor pursuant to the Guaranty.

4.11 Financing.

(a) Equity Commitment Letter. As of the date hereof, Parent has delivered to the Company a true, correct and complete copy
of the executed Equity Commitment Letter, dated as of the date hereof, pursuant to which the Guarantor has committed, subject to the
terms and conditions thereof, to invest in Parent, directly or indirectly, the cash amounts set forth therein for the purpose of funding up
to the aggregate value of the Merger (such financing, the “Equity Financing”). The Equity Commitment Letter provides that (A) the
Company is an express third party beneficiary thereof in connection with the Company’s exercise of its rights under Section 9.8(b); and
(B) subject in all respects to Section 9.8(b), Parent and the Guarantor will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific
performance or other equitable relief in connection with the exercise of such third party beneficiary rights.

(b) No Amendments. As of the date hereof, (i) the Equity Commitment Letter and the terms of the Equity Financing have not
been amended or modified prior to the date hereof; (ii) no such amendment or modification is contemplated; and (iii) the respective
commitments contained therein have not been withdrawn, terminated or rescinded in any respect. There are no other Contracts,
agreements, side letters or arrangements to which Parent or Merger Sub is a party relating to the funding or investing, as applicable, of
the full amount of the Equity Financing, other than as expressly set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter. Other than as set forth in
the Equity Commitment Letter, there are no conditions precedent related to the funding or investing, as applicable, of the full amount
of the Equity Financing.

(c) Sufficiency of Equity Financing. The net proceeds of the Equity Financing, when funded in accordance with the Equity
Commitment Letter, will be, in the aggregate, sufficient to (i) make the payment of
 

A-35



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 143/205

Table of Contents

all amounts payable pursuant to Article II in connection with or as a result of the Merger and (ii) along with the cash on hand at the
Company at Closing, pay all fees and expenses required to be paid at the Closing by the Company, Parent or Merger Sub in connection
with the Merger and the Equity Financing.

(d) Validity. As of the date hereof, the Equity Commitment Letter (in the form delivered by Parent to the Company) is in full
force and effect and constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligations of Parent, Merger Sub and the Guarantor, as applicable,
enforceable against Parent, Merger Sub and the Guarantor, as applicable, in accordance with its terms, subject to the Enforceability
Limitations. Other than as expressly set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter, there are no conditions precedent or other
contingencies related to the funding of the full proceeds of the Equity Financing pursuant to any agreement relating to the Equity
Financing to which the Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub, or any of their respective Affiliates, is a party. As of the date hereof, no event
has occurred that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would, or would reasonably be expected to, constitute a default or breach on the
part of Parent, Merger Sub or the Guarantor pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter (it being understood that Parent and Merger
Sub are not making any representation or warranty regarding the effect of any inaccuracy of the representations and warranties in
Article III or the Company’s compliance hereunder). As of the date hereof, Parent has no reason to believe that it will be unable to
satisfy on a timely basis any term or condition of the Equity Financing to be satisfied by it, whether or not such term or condition is
contained in the Equity Commitment Letter (it being understood that Parent and Merger Sub are not making any representation or
warranty regarding the effect of any inaccuracy of the representations and warranties in Article III or the Company’s compliance
hereunder). As of the date hereof, Parent and Merger Sub have fully paid, or caused to be fully paid, all commitment or other fees that
are due and payable on or prior to the date hereof, in each case pursuant to and in accordance with the terms of the Equity Commitment
Letter.

(e) No Exclusive Arrangements. As of the date hereof, none of the Guarantor, Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective
Affiliates has entered into any Contract, arrangement or understanding (i) awarding any agent, broker, investment banker or financial
advisor any financial advisory role on an exclusive basis in connection with the Merger; or (ii) expressly prohibiting any bank,
investment bank or other potential provider of debt financing from providing or seeking to provide debt financing or financial advisory
services to any Person in connection with a transaction relating to the Company Group in connection with the Merger.

4.12 Stockholder and Management Arrangements. As of the date hereof, except for the Voting Agreements, neither Parent or
Merger Sub nor any of their respective Affiliates is a party to any Contract with any stockholder (other than any existing limited
partner of the Guarantor or any of its Affiliates), director, officer, employee or other Affiliate of the Company Group (a) relating to
(i) this Agreement or the Merger; or (ii) the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries, businesses or operations (including as to
continuing employment) from and after the Effective Time; or (b) pursuant to which any (i) such holder of Company Common Stock
would be entitled to receive consideration of a different amount or nature than the Per Share Price in respect of such holder’s shares of
Company Common Stock; (ii) such holder of Company Common Stock has agreed to approve this Agreement or vote against any
Superior Proposal; or (iii) such stockholder, director, officer, employee or other Affiliate of the Company other than the Guarantor has
agreed to provide, directly or indirectly, equity investment to Parent, Merger Sub or the Company to finance any portion of the Merger.

4.13 Solvency. As of the Effective Time and immediately after giving effect to the Merger (including the payment of all amounts
payable pursuant to Article II in connection with or as a result of the Merger and all related fees and expenses of Parent, Merger Sub,
the Company and their respective Subsidiaries in connection therewith), (a) the amount of the “fair saleable value” of the assets of each
of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries will exceed (i) the value of all liabilities of the Surviving Corporation and such
Subsidiaries, including contingent and other liabilities; and (ii) the amount that will be required to pay the probable liabilities of each of
the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries on their existing debts (including contingent liabilities) as such debts become absolute
and matured; (b) each of the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries will not have an unreasonably small amount of capital for the
operation of the businesses in which it is engaged or proposed to be engaged; and (c) each of the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries will be able to pay its
 

A-36



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 144/205

Table of Contents

liabilities, including contingent and other liabilities, as they mature. For purposes of the foregoing, “not have an unreasonably small
amount of capital for the operation of the businesses in which it is engaged or proposed to be engaged” and “able to pay its liabilities,
including contingent and other liabilities, as they mature” means that such Person will be able to generate enough cash from operations,
asset dispositions or refinancing, or a combination thereof, to meet its obligations as they become due.

4.14 Exclusivity of Representations and Warranties.

(a) No Other Representations and Warranties. Each of Parent and Merger Sub, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries,
acknowledges and agrees that, except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article III:

(i) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (or any other Person) makes, or has made, any representation or
warranty relating to the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their businesses, operations or otherwise in connection with this
Agreement or the Merger;

(ii) no Person has been authorized by the Company Group or any of its Affiliates or Representatives to make any
representation or warranty relating to the Company Group or any of its businesses or operations or otherwise in connection with this
Agreement or the Merger, and if made, such representation or warranty must not be relied upon by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
respective Affiliates or Representatives as having been authorized by the Company Group or any of its Affiliates or Representatives (or
any other Person); and

(iii) the representations and warranties made by the Company in this Agreement are in lieu of and are exclusive of all
other representations and warranties, including any express or implied or as to merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose, and
the Company hereby disclaims any other or implied representations or warranties, notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to Parent,
Merger Sub or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives of any documentation or other information (including any financial
information, supplemental data or financial projections or other forward-looking statements).

(b) No Reliance. Each of Parent and Merger Sub, on behalf of itself and its Subsidiaries, acknowledges and agrees that,
except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in Article III, it is not acting (including, as applicable, by entering into
this Agreement or consummating the Merger) in reliance on:

(i) any representation or warranty, express or implied;

(ii) any estimate, projection, prediction, data, financial information, memorandum, presentation or other materials or
information provided or addressed to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Affiliates or Representatives, including any
materials or information made available in the electronic data room hosted by or on behalf of the Company in connection with the
Merger, in connection with presentations by the Company’s management or in any other forum or setting; or

(iii) the accuracy or completeness of any other representation, warranty, estimate, projection, prediction, data,
financial information, memorandum, presentation or other materials or information.

ARTICLE V
INTERIM OPERATIONS OF THE COMPANY

5.1 Affirmative Obligations. Except (a) as expressly contemplated by this Agreement; (b) as set forth in Section 5.1 or Section 5.2
of the Company Disclosure Letter; (c) as contemplated by Section 5.2; or (d) as approved by Parent (which approval will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), at all times
 

A-37



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 145/205

Table of Contents

during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the
termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will, and will cause each of its
Subsidiaries to, (i) use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to maintain its existence in good standing pursuant to applicable
law; (ii) subject to the restrictions and exceptions set forth in Section 5.2 or elsewhere in this Agreement, conduct its business and
operations in the ordinary course of business; and (iii) use its respective commercially reasonable efforts to (a) preserve intact its
material assets, properties, Contracts or other legally binding understandings, licenses and business organizations; (b) keep available
the services of its current officers and key employees; and (c) preserve the current relationships with customers, vendors, distributors,
partners (including platform partners, referral partners, consulting and implementation partners), lessors, licensors, licensees, creditors,
contractors and other Persons with which the Company Group has business relations.

5.2 Forbearance Covenants. Except (i) as set forth in Section 5.2 of the Company Disclosure Letter; (ii) as approved by Parent
(which approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (iii) as expressly contemplated by the terms of this
Agreement, at all times during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will not, and will
not permit any of its Subsidiaries, to:

(a) amend the Charter, the Bylaws or any other similar organizational document;

(b) propose or adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring,
recapitalization or other reorganization;

(c) issue, sell, deliver or agree or commit to issue, sell or deliver (whether through the issuance or granting of options,
warrants, commitments, subscriptions, rights to purchase or otherwise) any Company Securities, except (A) for the issuance and sale of
shares of Company Common Stock pursuant to Company Options or Company RSUs outstanding as of the Capitalization Date in
accordance with their terms and pursuant to the ESPP in accordance with its terms (as modified by Section 2.8(e)); (B) in connection
with agreements in effect on the date hereof; or (C) as contemplated by Section 5.2(j);

(d) directly or indirectly acquire, repurchase or redeem any securities, except for (A) repurchases of Company Securities
pursuant to the terms and conditions of Company RSUs outstanding as of the date hereof in accordance with their terms as of the date
hereof, or (B) transactions between the Company and any of its direct or indirect Subsidiaries;

(e) (A) adjust, split, combine or reclassify any shares of capital stock, or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any
other Company Securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for, shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting interest;
(B) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, shares or property or any combination thereof) in
respect of any shares of capital stock or other equity or voting interest, or make any other actual, constructive or deemed distribution in
respect of the shares of capital stock or other equity or voting interest, except for cash dividends made by any direct or indirect wholly
owned Subsidiary of the Company to the Company or one of its other wholly owned Subsidiaries; (C) pledge or encumber any shares
of its capital stock or other equity or voting interest; or (D) modify the terms of any shares of its capital stock or other equity or voting
interest;

(f) (A) incur, assume or suffer any Indebtedness (including any long-term or short-term debt) or issue any debt securities,
except (1) for trade payables incurred in the ordinary course of business; and (2) for loans or advances to direct or indirect wholly
owned Subsidiaries of the Company; (B) assume, guarantee, endorse or otherwise become liable or responsible (whether directly,
contingently or otherwise) for the obligations of any other Person, except with respect to obligations of direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiaries of the Company;
 

A-38



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 146/205

Table of Contents

(g) mortgage or pledge any of its and its Subsidiaries’ assets, tangible or intangible, or create or suffer to exist any lien
thereupon (other than Permitted Liens), other than in connection with financing transactions permitted by Section 5.2(f) or consented to
by Parent;

(h) make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, except for (1) extensions of
credit to customers in the ordinary course of business; (2) advances to directors, officers and other employees for travel and other
business-related expenses, in each case in the ordinary course of business and in compliance in all material respects with the
Company’s policies related thereto; and (3) loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, direct or indirect wholly-
owned Subsidiaries of the Company;

(i) acquire, lease, license, sell, abandon, transfer, assign, guarantee, or exchange any assets, tangible or intangible (including
any Company Intellectual Property), in each case in excess of $250,000 individually, and other than (1) the sale, lease or licensing of
products or services of the Company Group or other materials embodying Company Intellectual Property in the ordinary course of
business; (2) the acquisition, assignment or abandonment of immaterial Company Intellectual Property in connection with the exercise
of the reasonable business judgment of the Company Group in the ordinary course of business; (3) the abandonment of trade secrets in
the ordinary course of business and to the extent not economically desirable to maintain for the conduct of the business of the
Company Group; and (4) any capital expenditures permitted by (or consented to by Parent) under Section 5.2(n);

(j) (A) enter into, adopt, amend (including accelerating the vesting, payment or funding), modify or terminate any bonus,
profit sharing, compensation, severance, termination, option, appreciation right, performance unit, phantom equity, stock equivalent,
share purchase agreement, pension, retirement, deferred compensation, employment, severance or other Employee Plan or employee
benefit agreement, trust, plan, fund or other arrangement for the compensation, benefit or welfare of any director, officer or employee
in any manner; (B) increase the compensation of any director, officer, employee, consultant, former employee, independent contractor,
or other service provider, pay any special bonus or special remuneration to any director, officer, employee, consultant, former
employee, independent contractor, or other service provider, or pay any benefit not required by (or accelerate the time of payment or
vesting of any payment becoming due under) any Employee Plan as in effect as of the date hereof, except in the case of each of (A) and
(B), (1) as may be required by applicable law; (2) in connection with any new employee hires in the ordinary course of business and
consistent with past practice and whose annual salary is less than $250,000; or (3) for increases in compensation for employees below
the level of vice president and whose annual salary is less than $250,000 in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past
practice (it being understood that these exceptions in the foregoing clauses (1), (2) and (3) will not apply to any actions otherwise
prohibited by Section 5.2(c) or the following sub-clause (C); or (C) enter into any change in control, severance or similar agreement or
any retention or similar agreement with any officer, employee, director, independent contractor, consultant, or other service provider;

(k) settle, release, waive or compromise any pending or threatened material Legal Proceeding or other claim, except for the
settlement of any Legal Proceedings or other claim that is (A) reflected or reserved against in the Audited Company Balance Sheet;
(B) for solely monetary payments of no more than $100,000 individually and $250,000 in the aggregate; or (C) settled in compliance
with Section 6.15;

(l) except as required by applicable law or GAAP, (A) revalue in any material respect any of its properties or assets,
including writing-off notes or accounts receivable, other than in the ordinary course of business; or (B) make any change in any of its
accounting principles or practices;

(m) (A) make or change any material Tax election; (B) settle, consent to or compromise any material Tax claim or
assessment or surrender a right to a material Tax refund; (C) consent to any extension or waiver of any limitation period with respect to
any material Tax claim or assessment; (D) file an amended Tax Return that could materially increase the Taxes payable by the
Company or its Subsidiaries; or (E) enter into a closing agreement with any Governmental Authority regarding any material Tax;
 

A-39



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 147/205

Table of Contents

(n) incur or commit to incur any capital expenditure(s) other than (1) consistent with the capital expenditure budget set forth
in Section 5.2(n) of the Company Disclosure Letter or (2) to the extent that such capital expenditures do not exceed $500,000
individually or $2,500,000 in the aggregate;

(o) enter into, modify, amend or terminate any (a) Contract (other than any Material Contract) that if so entered into,
modified, amended or terminated would have a Company Material Adverse Effect; or (b) Material Contract except in the ordinary
course of business;

(p) maintain insurance at less than current levels or otherwise in a manner inconsistent with past practice;

(q) engage in any transaction with, or enter into any agreement, arrangement or understanding with, any Affiliate of the
Company or other Person covered by Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC that would be required to be disclosed
pursuant to Item 404;

(r) effectuate a “plant closing,” “mass layoff” (each as defined in WARN) or other employee layoff event affecting in whole
or in part any site of employment, facility, operating unit or employee;

(s) grant any material refunds, credits, rebates or other allowances to any end user, customer, reseller or distributor, in each
case other than in the ordinary course of business;

(t) acquire (by merger, consolidation or acquisition of stock or assets) any other Person or any material equity interest
therein or enter into any joint venture, legal partnership (excluding, for avoidance of doubt, strategic relationships, alliances, reseller
agreements and similar commercial relationships), limited liability corporation or similar arrangement with any third Person;

(u) enter into any Collective Bargaining Agreement or agreement to form a work council or other Contract with any labor
organization or works council;

(v) adopt or implement any stockholder rights plan or similar arrangement, in each case, applicable to the Merger or any
other transaction consummated pursuant to Parent’s rights under Section 5.3(d)(i)(2) or Section 5.3(d)(ii)(3); or

(w) enter into, authorize any of, or agree or commit to enter into a Contract to take any of the actions prohibited by this
Section 5.2.

For purposes of this Section 5.2, no breach (other than a willful breach) shall be deemed a failure to perform “in all material respects”
for purposes of Section 7.2(b) unless such breach, individually or together with other breaches of this Section 5.2, results or would
reasonably be expected to result in additional cost, expense or liability to the Company, Parent and their Affiliates that is more than
$1,500,000 (provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, the effect of any such breach may be taken into account, if and to the extent
applicable, in determining the satisfaction of the condition set forth in Section 7.2(a)(iii)).

5.3 No Solicitation.

(a) No Solicitation or Negotiation. Subject to the terms of Section 5.3(b), from the date hereof until the earlier to occur of
the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will cease and cause to be terminated
any discussions or negotiations with any Person and its Affiliates, directors, officers, employees, consultants, agents, representatives
and advisors (collectively, “Representatives”) that would be prohibited by this Section 5.3(a), request the prompt return or destruction
of all non-public information concerning the Company or its Subsidiaries theretofore furnished to any such Person with whom a
confidentiality agreement was entered into at any time within the six month period immediately preceding the date hereof and will
 

A-40



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 148/205

Table of Contents

(A) cease providing any further information with respect to the Company or any Acquisition Proposal to any such Person or its
Representatives; and (B) terminate all access granted to any such Person and its Representatives to any physical or electronic data
room. Subject to the terms of Section 5.3(b), from the date hereof until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement
pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company Group will not, and will not instruct, authorize or knowingly permit any
of its Representatives to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate, propose or induce the making, submission or announcement of, or
knowingly encourage, facilitate or assist, any proposal or inquiry that constitutes, or is reasonably expected to lead to, an Acquisition
Proposal; (ii) furnish to any Person (other than to Parent, Merger Sub or any designees of Parent or Merger Sub) any non-public
information relating to the Company Group or afford to any Person access to the business, properties, assets, books, records or other
non-public information, or to any personnel, of the Company Group (other than Parent, Merger Sub or any designees of Parent or
Merger Sub), in any such case with the intent to induce the making, submission or announcement of, or to knowingly encourage,
facilitate or assist, any proposal or inquiry that constitutes, or is reasonably expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal or any
inquiries or the making of any proposal that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal; (iii) participate or
engage in discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to an Acquisition Proposal (other than informing such Persons of
the provisions contained in this Section 5.3); (iv) approve, endorse or recommend any proposal that constitutes, or is reasonably
expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal; or (v) enter into any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, merger agreement,
acquisition agreement or other Contract relating to an Acquisition Transaction, other than an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement
(any such letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, merger agreement, acquisition agreement or other Contract relating to an
Acquisition Transaction, an “Alternative Acquisition Agreement”). From the date hereof until the earlier to occur of the termination
of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will not be required to enforce, and will be permitted
to waive, any provision of any standstill or confidentiality agreement solely to the extent that such provision prohibits or purports to
prohibit a confidential proposal being made to the Company Board (or any committee thereof).

(b) Superior Proposals. Notwithstanding anything to contrary set forth in this Section 5.3, from the date hereof until the
Company’s receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval, the Company and the Company Board (or a committee thereof) may,
directly or indirectly through one or more of their Representatives (including the Advisor), participate or engage in discussions or
negotiations with, furnish any non-public information relating to the Company Group to, or afford access to the business, properties,
assets, books, records or other non-public information, or to any personnel, of the Company Group pursuant to an Acceptable
Confidentiality Agreement to any Person or its Representatives that has made or delivered to the Company an Acquisition Proposal
after the date hereof, and otherwise facilitate such Acquisition Proposal or assist such Person (and its Representatives and financing
sources) with such Acquisition Proposal (in each case, if requested by such Person), in each case with respect to an Acquisition
Proposal that did not result from any material breach of Section 5.3(a); provided, however, that the Company Board (or a committee
thereof) has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that such Acquisition
Proposal either constitutes a Superior Proposal or is reasonably likely to lead to a Superior Proposal, and the Company Board (or a
committee thereof) has determined in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) that the failure
to take the actions contemplated by this Section 5.3(b) would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable law;
and provided further, however, that the Company will promptly (and in any event within one Business Day) make available to Parent
any non-public information concerning the Company Group that is provided to any such Person or its Representatives that was not
previously made available to Parent.

(c) No Change in Company Board Recommendation or Entry into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement. Except as provided
by Section 5.3(d), at no time after the date hereof may the Company Board (or a committee thereof):

(i) (A) withhold, withdraw, amend, qualify or modify, or publicly propose to withhold, withdraw, amend, qualify or
modify, the Company Board Recommendation in a manner adverse to Parent in any material
 

A-41



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 149/205

Table of Contents

respect; (B) adopt, approve, endorse, recommend or otherwise declare advisable an Acquisition Proposal; (C) fail to publicly reaffirm
the Company Board Recommendation within 10 Business Days after Parent so requests in writing (it being understood that the
Company will have no obligation to make such reaffirmation on more than three separate occasions); (D) take or fail to take any formal
action or make or fail to make any recommendation or public statement in connection with a tender or exchange offer, other than a
recommendation against such offer or a “stop, look and listen” communication by the Company Board (or a committee thereof) to the
Company Stockholders pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any substantially similar communication)
(it being understood that the Company Board (or a committee thereof) may refrain from taking a position with respect to an
Acquisition Proposal until the close of business on the 10th Business Day after the commencement of a tender or exchange offer in
connection with such Acquisition Proposal without such action being considered a violation of this Section 5.3); or (E) fail to include
the Company Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement (any action described in clauses (A) through (E), a “Company Board
Recommendation Change”); provided, however, that, for the avoidance of doubt, none of (1) the determination by the Company
Board (or a committee thereof) that an Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal; or (2) the delivery by the Company to
Parent of any notice contemplated by Section 5.3(d) will constitute a Company Board Recommendation Change; or

(ii) cause or permit the Company Group to enter into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement.

(d) Company Board Recommendation Change; Entry into Alternative Acquisition Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary set forth in this Agreement, at any time prior to obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval:

(i) other than in connection with a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that constitutes a Superior Proposal, the Company
Board (or a committee thereof) may effect a Company Board Recommendation Change in response to any positive material event or
development or material change in circumstances with respect to the Company that was (A) not actually known to, or reasonably
expected by, the Company Board as of the date hereof; and (B) does not relate to (a) any Acquisition Proposal; or (b) the mere fact, in
and of itself, that the Company meets or exceeds any internal or published projections, forecasts, estimates or predictions of revenue,
earnings or other financial or operating metrics for any period ending on or after the date hereof, or changes after the date hereof in the
market price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock or the credit rating of the Company (it being understood that the
underlying cause of any of the foregoing in this clause (b) may be considered and taken into account) (each such event, an
“Intervening Event”), if the Company Board (or a committee thereof) determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisor and outside legal counsel) that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable
law and if and only if:

(1) the Company has provided prior written notice to Parent at least two Business Days in advance to the effect
that the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has (A) so determined; and (B) resolved to effect a Company Board
Recommendation Change pursuant to this Section 5.3(d)(i), which notice will specify the applicable Intervening Event in reasonable
detail; and

(2) prior to effecting such Company Board Recommendation Change, the Company and its Representatives,
during such two Business Day period, must have (A) negotiated with Parent and its Representatives in good faith (to the extent that
Parent desires to so negotiate) to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that the Company Board (or
a committee thereof) no longer determines that the failure to make a Company Board Recommendation Change in response to such
Intervening Event would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable law; and (B) permitted Parent and its
Representatives to make a presentation to the Company Board regarding this Agreement and any adjustments with respect thereto (to
the extent that Parent requests to make such a presentation); or

(ii) if the Company has received a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that the Company Board (or a committee thereof)
has concluded in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal
 

A-42



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 150/205

Table of Contents

counsel) is a Superior Proposal and which did not result from any breach of this Section 5.3 by the Company Group or its
Representatives, then the Company Board may (A) effect a Company Board Recommendation Change with respect to such Acquisition
Proposal; or (B) authorize the Company to terminate this Agreement to enter into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement with respect to
such Acquisition Proposal, in each case if and only if:

(1) the Company Board (or a committee thereof) determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial
advisor and outside legal counsel) that the failure to do so would be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations pursuant to applicable
law;

(2) the Company has complied in all material respects with its obligations pursuant to this Section 5.3 with
respect to such Acquisition Proposal;

(3) (i) the Company has provided prior written notice to Parent at least two Business Days in advance (the
“Notice Period”) to the effect that the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has (A) received a bona fide Acquisition Proposal that
has not been withdrawn and which terms and proposals have been previously provided to Parent pursuant to Section 5.3(f);
(B) concluded in good faith that such Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Superior Proposal; and (C) resolved to effect a Company
Board Recommendation Change or to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 5.3(d)(ii) absent any revision to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, which notice will specify the basis for such Company Board Recommendation Change or termination,
including the identity of the Person or “group” of Persons making such Acquisition Proposal, the material terms thereof and copies of
all relevant documents relating to such Acquisition Proposal; and (ii) prior to effecting such Company Board Recommendation Change
or termination, the Company and its Representatives, during the Notice Period, must have (1) negotiated with Parent and its
Representatives in good faith (to the extent that Parent desires to so negotiate) to make such adjustments to the terms and conditions of
this Agreement so that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Superior Proposal; and (2) permitted Parent and its
Representatives to make a presentation to the Company Board regarding this Agreement and any adjustments with respect thereto (to
the extent that Parent requests to make such a presentation); provided, however, that in the event of any material revisions to such
Acquisition Proposal, the Company will be required to deliver a new written notice to Parent and to comply with the requirements of
this Section 5.3(d)(ii)(3) (other than the requirement of a presentation as contemplated by clause (ii)(3) above) with respect to such new
written notice (it being understood that the “Notice Period” in respect of such new written notice will be one Business Day); and

(4) in the event of any termination of this Agreement in order to cause or permit the Company Group to enter
into an Alternative Acquisition Agreement with respect to such Acquisition Proposal, the Company will have validly terminated this
Agreement in accordance with Section 8.1(h), including paying the Company Termination Fee in accordance with Section 8.3(b)(iii).

(e) Notice. From the date of this Agreement until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will promptly (and, in any event, within one Business Day) notify Parent if any
inquiries, offers or proposals that constitute an Acquisition Proposal are received by, any non-public information is requested from, or
any discussions or negotiations are sought to be initiated or continued with, the Company or any of its Representatives. Such notice
must include (i) the identity of the Person or “group” of Persons making such offers or proposals (unless, in each case, such disclosure
is prohibited pursuant to the terms of any confidentiality agreement with such Person or “group” of Persons that is in effect on the date
of this Agreement); (ii) a summary of the material terms and conditions of such offers or proposals. Thereafter, the Company must
keep Parent reasonably informed, on a prompt basis, of the status and supplementally provide the terms of any such offers or proposals
(including any amendments thereto) and the status of any such discussions or negotiations.

(f) Certain Disclosures. Nothing in this Agreement will prohibit the Company or the Company Board (or a committee
thereof) from (i) taking and disclosing to the Company Stockholders a position contemplated by
 

A-43



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 151/205

Table of Contents

Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or complying with Rule 14d-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act, including a
“stop, look and listen” communication by the Company Board (or a committee thereof) to the Company Stockholders pursuant to
Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act (or any substantially similar communication); (ii) complying with Item 1012(a) of
Regulation M-A promulgated under the Exchange Act; (iii) informing any Person of the existence of the provisions contained in this
Section 5.3; or (iv) making any disclosure to the Company Stockholders (including regarding the business, financial condition or
results of operations of the Company Group) that the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has determined to make in good faith in
order to comply with applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule or listing agreement, it being understood that any such statement
or disclosure made by the Company Board (or a committee thereof) pursuant to this Section 5.3(f) must be subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement and will not limit or otherwise affect the obligations of the Company or the Company Board (or any
committee thereof) and the rights of Parent under this Section 5.3, it being understood that nothing in the foregoing will be deemed to
permit the Company or the Company Board (or a committee thereof) to effect a Company Board Recommendation Change other than
in accordance with Section 5.3(d). In addition, it is understood and agreed that, for purposes of this Agreement, a factually accurate
public statement by the Company or the Company Board (or a committee thereof) that describes the Company’s receipt of an
Acquisition Proposal, the identity of the Person making such Acquisition Proposal, the material terms of such Acquisition Proposal and
the operation of this Agreement with respect thereto will not be deemed to be (A) a withholding, withdrawal, amendment, or
modification, or proposal by the Company Board (or a committee thereof) to withhold, withdraw, amend or modify, the Company
Board Recommendation; (B) an adoption, approval or recommendation with respect to such Acquisition Proposal; or (C) a Company
Board Recommendation Change.

(g) Breach by Representatives. The Company agrees that any material breach of this Section 5.3 by any of its
Representatives will be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement by the Company.

ARTICLE VI
ADDITIONAL COVENANTS

6.1 Required Action and Forbearance; Efforts.

(a) Reasonable Best Efforts. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, Parent and Merger
Sub, on the one hand, and the Company, on the other hand, will use their respective reasonable best efforts (A) to take (or cause to be
taken) all actions; (B) do (or cause to be done) all things; and (C) assist and cooperate with the other Parties in doing (or causing to be
done) all things, in each case as are necessary, proper or advisable pursuant to applicable law or otherwise to consummate and make
effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the Merger, including by:

(i) causing the conditions to the Merger set forth in Article VII to be satisfied;

(ii) (1) obtaining all consents, waivers, approvals, orders and authorizations from Governmental Authorities; and
(2) making all registrations, declarations and filings with Governmental Authorities, in each case that are necessary or advisable to
consummate the Merger;

(iii) obtaining all consents, waivers and approvals and delivering all notifications pursuant to any Material Contracts
in connection with this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger so as to maintain and preserve the benefits to the Surviving
Corporation of such Material Contracts as of and following the consummation of the Merger; and

(iv) executing and delivering any Contracts and other instruments that are reasonably necessary to consummate the
Merger.
 

A-44



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 152/205

Table of Contents

(b) No Failure to Take Necessary Action. In addition to the foregoing, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement
(including subject to clause (D) of the second sentence of Section 6.2(a)), neither Parent or Merger Sub, on the one hand, nor the
Company, on the other hand, will take any action, or fail to take any action, that is intended to or has (or would reasonably be expected
to have) the effect of (i) preventing, impairing, delaying or otherwise adversely affecting the consummation of the Merger; or (ii) the
ability of such Party to fully perform its obligations pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, no action by the Company
taken in compliance with Section 5.3 will be considered a violation of this Section 6.1.

(c) No Consent Fee. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 6.1 or elsewhere in this Agreement,
the Company Group will not be required to agree to the payment of a consent fee, “profit sharing” payment or other consideration
(including increased or accelerated payments), or the provision of additional security (including a guaranty), in connection with the
Merger, including in connection with obtaining any consent pursuant to any Material Contract.

6.2 Antitrust Filings.

(a) Filing Under the HSR Act and Other Applicable Antitrust Laws. Each of Parent and Merger Sub (and their respective
Affiliates, if applicable), on the one hand, and the Company (and its Affiliates, if applicable), on the other hand, will, to the extent
required in the reasonable judgment of counsel to Parent and the Company, (i) file with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ
a Notification and Report Form relating to this Agreement and the Merger as required by the HSR Act within 7 Business Days
following the date hereof; and (ii) promptly file comparable pre-merger or post-merger notification filings, forms and submissions with
any Governmental Authority pursuant to other applicable Antitrust Laws in connection with the Merger, with Parent having primary
responsibility for the making of such filings. Each of Parent and the Company will use reasonable efforts to (A) cooperate and
coordinate (and cause its respective Affiliates to cooperate and coordinate) with the other in the making of such filings; (B) supply the
other (or cause the other to be supplied) with any information that may be required in order to make such filings; (C) supply (or cause
the other to be supplied) any additional information that may be required or requested by the FTC, the DOJ or the Governmental
Authorities of any other applicable jurisdiction in which any such filing is made; and (D) take all action necessary to (1) cause the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws applicable to the
Merger; and (2) obtain any required consents pursuant to any Antitrust Laws applicable to the Merger, in each case as soon as
practicable. If any Party or Affiliate thereof receives a request for additional information or documentary material from any
Governmental Authority with respect to the Merger pursuant to the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Laws applicable to the Merger, then
such Party will make (or cause to be made), as soon as reasonably practicable and after consultation with the other Parties, an
appropriate response in compliance with such request.

(b) Divestitures. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, if and to the extent necessary to obtain clearance of the
Merger pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws applicable to the Merger, each of Parent and Merger Sub (and their
respective Affiliates, if applicable) will (i) offer, negotiate, commit to and effect, by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise,
(A) the sale, divestiture, license or other disposition of any and all of the capital stock or other equity or voting interest, assets (whether
tangible or intangible), rights, products or businesses of Parent and Merger Sub (and their respective Affiliates, if applicable), on the
one hand, and the Company Group, on the other hand; and (B) any other restrictions on the activities of Parent and Merger Sub (and
their respective Affiliates, if applicable), on the one hand, and the Company Group, on the other hand; and (ii) contest, defend and
appeal any Legal Proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger.

(c) Cooperation. In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall (and shall
cause their respective Subsidiaries to), subject to any restrictions under applicable laws, (i) promptly notify the other parties hereto of,
and, if in writing, furnish the others with copies of (or, in the case of oral communications, advise the others of the contents of) any
material communication received by such
 

A-45



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 153/205

Table of Contents

Person from a Governmental Authority in connection with the Merger and permit the other parties to review and discuss in advance
(and to consider in good faith any comments made by the other parties in relation to) any proposed draft notifications, formal
notifications, filing, submission or other written communication (and any analyses, memoranda, white papers, presentations,
correspondence or other documents submitted therewith) made in connection with the Merger to a Governmental Authority; (ii) keep
the other parties reasonably informed with respect to the status of any such submissions and filings to any Governmental Authority in
connection with the Merger and any developments, meetings or discussions with any Governmental Authority in respect thereof,
including with respect to (A) the receipt of any non-action, action, clearance, consent, approval or waiver, (B) the expiration of any
waiting period, (C) the commencement or proposed or threatened commencement of any investigation, litigation or administrative or
judicial action or proceeding under applicable laws and (D) the nature and status of any objections raised or proposed or threatened to
be raised by any Governmental Authority with respect to the Merger; and (iii) not independently participate in any meeting, hearing,
proceeding or discussions (whether in person, by telephone or otherwise) with or before any Governmental Authority in respect of the
Merger without giving the other parties reasonable prior notice of such meeting or discussions and, unless prohibited by such
Governmental Authority, the opportunity to attend or participate. However, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub may
designate any non-public information provided to any Governmental Authority as restricted to “outside counsel” only and any such
information shall not be shared with employees, officers or directors or their equivalents of the other party without approval of the
party providing the non-public information; provided, however, that each of Company, Parent and Merger Sub may redact any
valuation and related information before sharing any information provided to any Governmental Authority with another Party on an
“outside counsel” only basis.

6.3 Proxy Statement and Other Required SEC Filings.

(a) Proxy Statement. Promptly following the date hereof, the Company will prepare and file with the SEC a preliminary
proxy statement (as amended or supplemented, the “Proxy Statement”) relating to the Company Stockholder Meeting. Subject to
Section 5.3, the Company must include the Company Board Recommendation in the Proxy Statement.

(b) Other Required Company Filing. If the Company determines that it is required to file any document other than the Proxy
Statement with the SEC in connection with the Merger pursuant to applicable law (such document, as amended or supplemented, an
“Other Required Company Filing”), then the Company will promptly prepare and file such Other Required Company Filing with the
SEC. The Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement and any Other Required Company Filing to
comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC and NYSE.
The Company may not file the Proxy Statement or any Other Required Company Filing with the SEC without first providing Parent
and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon, and the Company will give due consideration to all
reasonable additions, deletions or changes suggested thereto by Parent or its counsel. On the date of filing, the date of mailing to the
Company Stockholders (if applicable) and at the time of the Company Stockholder Meeting, neither the Proxy Statement nor any Other
Required Company Filing will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated
therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or
misleading. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no covenant is made by the Company with respect to any information supplied by Parent,
Merger Sub or any of their Affiliates for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement or any Other Required
Company Filing. The information supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation by reference in any Other Required Parent
Filings will not, at the time that such Other Required Parent Filing is filed with the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

(c) Other Required Parent Filing. If Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Affiliates determines that it is required to
file any document with the SEC in connection with the Merger or the Company Stockholder
 

A-46



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 154/205

Table of Contents

Meeting pursuant to applicable law (an “Other Required Parent Filing”), then Parent and Merger Sub will, and will cause their
respective Affiliates to, promptly prepare and file such Other Required Parent Filing with the SEC. Parent and Merger Sub will cause,
and will cause their respective Affiliates to cause, any Other Required Parent Filing to comply as to form in all material respects with
the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules of the SEC. Neither Parent or Merger Sub nor any of their respective
Affiliates may file any Other Required Parent Filing (or any amendment thereto) with the SEC without first providing the Company
and its counsel a reasonable opportunity to review and comment thereon, and Parent will give due consideration to all reasonable
additions, deletions or changes suggested thereto by the Company or its counsel. On the date of filing, the date of mailing to the
Company Stockholders (if applicable) and at the time of the Company Stockholder Meeting, no Other Required Parent Filing may
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not false or misleading. Notwithstanding the
foregoing, no covenant is made by Parent or Merger Sub with respect to any information supplied by the Company for inclusion or
incorporation by reference in any Other Required Parent Filing. The information supplied by Parent, Merger Sub and their respective
Affiliates for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement or any Other Required Company Filing will not, at the
time that the Proxy Statement or such Other Required Company Filing is filed with the SEC, contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the
circumstances under which they are made, not misleading.

(d) Furnishing Information. Each of the Company, on the one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub, on the other hand, will
furnish all information concerning it and its Affiliates, if applicable, as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with the
preparation and filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement and any Other Required Company Filing or any Other Required Parent
Filing. If at any time prior to the Company Stockholder Meeting any information relating to the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or any
of their respective Affiliates should be discovered by the Company, on the one hand, or Parent or Merger Sub, on the other hand, that
should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement, any Other Required Company Filing or any Other Required
Parent Filing, as the case may be, so that such filing would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any material
fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, then the Party that discovers such information will promptly notify the other, and an appropriate amendment or
supplement to such filing describing such information will be promptly prepared and filed with the SEC by the appropriate Party and,
to the extent required by applicable law or the SEC or its staff, disseminated to the Company Stockholders.

(e) Consultation Prior to Certain Communications. The Company and its Affiliates, on the one hand, and Parent, Merger
Sub and their respective Affiliates, on the other hand, may not communicate in writing with the SEC or its staff with respect to the
Proxy Statement, any Other Required Company Filing or any Other Required Parent Filing, as the case may be, without first providing
the other Party a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such written communication, and each Party will give due
consideration to all reasonable additions, deletions or changes suggested thereto by the other Parties or their respective counsel.

(f) Notices. The Company, on the one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub, on the other hand, will advise the other, promptly
after it receives notice thereof, of any receipt of a request by the SEC or its staff for (i) any amendment or revisions to the Proxy
Statement, any Other Required Company Filing or any Other Required Parent Filing, as the case may be; (ii) any receipt of comments
from the SEC or its staff on the Proxy Statement, any Other Required Company Filing or any Other Required Parent Filing, as the case
may be; or (iii) any receipt of a request by the SEC or its staff for additional information in connection therewith.

(g) Dissemination of Proxy Statement. Subject to applicable law, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to cause
the Proxy Statement to be disseminated to the Company Stockholders as promptly as reasonably practicable following the filing
thereof with the SEC and confirmation from the SEC that it will not review, or that it has completed its review of, the Proxy Statement.
 

A-47



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 155/205

Table of Contents

6.4 Company Stockholder Meeting.

(a) Call of Company Stockholder Meeting. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, the Company will take all action
necessary in accordance with the DGCL, the Charter, the Bylaws and the rules of NYSE to establish a record date for (and the
Company will not change the record date without the prior written consent of Parent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed)), duly call, give notice of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders (the “Company Stockholder
Meeting”) as promptly as reasonably practicable following the mailing of the Proxy Statement to the Company Stockholders for the
purpose of obtaining the Requisite Stockholder Approval. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company
will not be required to convene and hold the Company Stockholder Meeting at any time prior to the 20th Business Day following the
mailing of the Proxy Statement to the Company Stockholders. Subject to Section 5.3 and unless there has been a Company Board
Recommendation Change, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies to obtain the Requisite Stockholder
Approval.

(b) Adjournment of Company Stockholder Meeting. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing
will prevent the Company from postponing or adjourning the Company Stockholder Meeting if (i) there are holders of an insufficient
shares of the Company Common Stock present or represented by proxy at the Company Stockholder Meeting to constitute a quorum at
the Company Stockholder Meeting (it being understood that the Company may not postpone or adjourn the Company Stockholder
Meeting more than two times pursuant to this clause (i) without Parent’s prior written consent); or (ii) the Company is required to
postpone or adjourn the Company Stockholder Meeting by applicable law, order or a request from the SEC or its staff. Unless this
Agreement is validly terminated in accordance with Section 8.1, the Company will submit this Agreement and the Merger to its
stockholders at the Company Stockholder Meeting even if the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has effected a Company Board
Recommendation Change.

6.5 Equity Financing.

(a) No Amendments to Equity Commitment Letter. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent and
Merger Sub will not permit any amendment or modification to be made to, or any waiver of any provision or remedy pursuant to, the
Equity Commitment Letter if such amendment, modification or waiver would, or would reasonably be expected to, (i) reduce the
aggregate amount of the Equity Financing; (ii) impose new or additional conditions or other terms or otherwise expand, amend or
modify any of the conditions to the receipt of the Equity Financing or any other terms to the Equity Financing in a manner that would
reasonably be expected to (A) delay or prevent the Closing Date; or (B) make the timely funding of the Equity Financing, or the
satisfaction of the conditions to obtaining the Equity Financing, less likely to occur in any respect; or (iii) adversely impact the ability
of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company, as applicable, to enforce its rights against the Guarantor under the Equity Commitment Letter.
Any reference in this Agreement to (1) the “Equity Financing” will include the financing contemplated by the Equity Commitment
Letter as amended or modified in compliance with this Section 6.5; and (2) “Equity Commitment Letter” will include such document
as amended or modified in compliance with this Section 6.5.

(b) Taking of Necessary Actions. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of Parent and Merger Sub will
use its respective reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,
proper and advisable to arrange and obtain the Equity Financing on the terms and conditions described in the Equity Commitment
Letter, including using its reasonable best efforts to (i) maintain in effect the Equity Commitment Letter in accordance with the terms
and subject to the conditions thereof; (ii) satisfy on a timely basis all conditions to funding that are applicable to Parent and Merger Sub
in the Equity Commitment Letter; (iii) consummate the Equity Financing at or prior to the Closing; (iv) comply with its obligations
pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter; and (vi) enforce its rights pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter.

(c) Enforcement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, nothing contained in this
Section 6.5 will require, and in no event will the reasonable best efforts of Parent or Merger Sub
 

A-48



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 156/205

Table of Contents

be deemed or construed to require, either Parent or Merger Sub to (i) bring any enforcement action against any source of the Equity
Financing to enforce its rights pursuant to the Equity Commitment Letter (it being understood that Parent and Merger Sub will seek to
enforce, including by bringing suit for specific performance, the Equity Commitment Letter if the Company seeks and is granted a
decree of specific performance of the obligation to consummate the Merger); or (ii) seek the Equity Financing from any source other
than a counterparty to, or in any amount in excess of that contemplated by, the Equity Commitment Letter.

6.6 Financing Cooperation.

(a) Cooperation. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to, and will use its reasonable
best efforts to cause each of its Subsidiaries and its and their respective Representatives to do the following:

(i) providing Parent and Merger Sub with such reasonable cooperation as may be reasonably requested by Parent or
Merger Sub to assist them in arranging the debt financing (if any) to be obtained by Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Affiliates in
connection with the Merger (the “Debt Financing”);

(ii) participating (and causing senior management and Representatives, with appropriate seniority and expertise, of
the Company to participate) in a reasonable number of meetings and presentations with actual or prospective lenders, road shows and
due diligence sessions, drafting sessions and sessions with rating agencies, and otherwise cooperating with the marketing and due
diligence efforts for any of the Debt Financing;

(iii) assisting Parent and the Financing Sources with the timely preparation of customary (A) rating agency
presentations, bank information memoranda, confidential information memoranda, lender presentations and similar documents required
in connection with or proper for the Debt Financing or customarily used to arrange transactions similar to the Debt Financing by
companies of a comparable size in a comparable industry as the Company; and (B) pro forma financial statements and forecasts of
financial statements of the Surviving Corporation for one or more periods following the Closing Date, in each case based on financial
information and data derived from the Company’s historical books and records; provided, however, that no member of the Company
Group will be required to provide any information or assistance with respect to the preparation of pro forma financial statements and
forecasts of financing statements relating to (i) the determination of the proposed aggregate amount of the Debt Financing, the interest
rates thereunder or the fees and expenses relating thereto; (ii) the determination of any post-Closing or pro forma cost savings,
synergies, capitalization, ownership or other pro forma adjustments desired to be incorporated into any information used in connection
with the Debt Financing; or (iii) any financial information related to Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any adjustments that are not
directly related to the acquisition of the Company;

(iv) assisting Parent in connection with the preparation, registration, execution and delivery (but in the case of
execution and delivery, solely to the extent any such execution and delivery would only be effective on or after the Closing Date) of
any pledge and security documents, mortgages, currency or interest hedging arrangements and other definitive financing documents
and certificates as may be reasonably requested by Parent or the Financing Sources (including using reasonable best efforts to obtain,
to the extent applicable, consents of accountants for use of their reports in any materials relating to the Debt Financing as reasonably
requested by Parent), obtaining insurance certificates and endorsements, and facilitating the delivery of all stock and other certificates
representing equity interests in the Company and its Subsidiaries, and otherwise reasonably facilitating the pledging of collateral and
the granting of security interests in respect of the Debt Financing, it being understood that such documents will not take effect until the
Effective Time;

(v) furnishing Parent, Merger Sub and the Financing Sources, as promptly as practicable, with (A) to the extent
customarily provided by companies of comparable size and comparable industry in transactions similar to the Debt Financing for a
financing of the type being incurred, financial and other pertinent and customary information (and supplementing such information to
the extent any such information contains any
 

A-49



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 157/205

Table of Contents

material misstatement of fact or omits to state a material fact necessary to make such information not misleading) regarding the
Company Group as may be reasonably requested by Parent or the Financing Sources to the extent that such information is of the type
and form customarily included in a bank confidential information memorandum in connection with the arrangement of financing
similar to the Debt Financing or in rating agency presentations, lender presentations or other customary marketing materials, and (B)
(1) audited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries on a
consolidated basis for the fiscal years ended January 31, 2015, 2016 and 2017 and (2) in respect of any subsequent fiscal quarter
ending at least 45 days prior to the Closing Date, unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income and cash
flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for such fiscal quarter, in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP (subject to the
absence of footnotes and year-end adjustments, in the case of unaudited financial statements);

(vi) cooperating with Parent to obtain customary and reasonable corporate and facilities ratings, consents, landlord
waivers and estoppels, non-disturbance agreements, non-invasive environmental assessments, non-imputation affidavits, legal
opinions, surveys and title insurance as reasonably requested by Parent, including in connection with any sale-and-leaseback
agreements or arrangements to be effected at or after the Closing;

(vii) reasonably facilitating the granting of security interests (and perfection thereof) in collateral or the reaffirmation
of the pledge of collateral on or after the Closing Date, and obtaining and delivering any pay-off letters and other cooperation in
connection with the repayment or other retirement of existing indebtedness and the release and termination of any and all related liens
on or prior to the Closing Date;

(viii) delivering notices of prepayment within the time periods required by the relevant agreements governing
indebtedness and obtaining customary payoff letters, lien terminations and instruments of discharge to be delivered at the Closing,
giving any other necessary notices, to allow for the payoff, discharge and termination in full at the Closing of all indebtedness; and
cooperating in the replacement, backstop or cash collateralization of any outstanding letters of credit issued for the account of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries;

(ix) providing customary authorization letters, confirmations and undertakings to the Financing Sources authorizing
the distribution of information to prospective lenders or investors and containing a representation to the Financing Sources that the
information pertaining to the Company Group and based on financial information and data derived from the Company’s historical
books and records contained in the disclosure and marketing materials related to the Debt Financing is complete and correct in all
material respects and that the public side versions of such documents, if any, do not include material non-public information about the
Company or its Subsidiaries or securities; provided, however, that all such materials have been previously identified to, and provided
to, the Company);

(x) facilitating and assisting in the preparation, execution and delivery of one or more credit agreements, guarantees,
certificates and other definitive financing documents as may be reasonably requested by Parent (including furnishing all information
relating to the Company and its Subsidiaries and their respective businesses to be included in any schedules thereto or in any perfection
certificates); provided that the foregoing documentation shall be subject to the occurrence of the Closing Date and become effective no
earlier than the Closing Date;

(xi) ensuring that the Debt Financing benefits from existing lending relationships of the Company and its
Subsidiaries;

(xii) taking all corporate and other actions, subject to the occurrence of the Closing, reasonably requested by Parent to
(A) permit the consummation of the Debt Financing (including distributing the proceeds of the Debt Financing, if any, obtained by any
Subsidiary of the Company to the Surviving Corporation); and
 

A-50



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 158/205

Table of Contents

(B) cause the direct borrowing or incurrence of all of the proceeds of the Debt Financing by the Surviving Corporation or any of its
Subsidiaries concurrently with or immediately following the Effective Time;

(xiii) promptly furnishing (but in no event later than three Business Days prior to the Closing Date) Parent and the
Financing Sources with all documentation and other information about the Company Group as is reasonably requested by Parent or the
Financing Sources relating to applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA
PATRIOT Act, to the extent requested in writing at least seven Business Days prior to the Closing Date; and

(xiv) cooperating in satisfying the conditions precedent set forth in the definitive agreements relating to the Debt
Financing to the extent satisfaction thereof requires the cooperation, or is within the control, of the Company, its Subsidiaries or their
respective representatives.

(b) Obligations of the Company. Nothing in this Section 6.6 will require the Company Group to (i) waive or amend any
terms of this Agreement or agree to pay any fees or reimburse any expenses prior to the Effective Time for which it has not received
prior reimbursement or is not otherwise indemnified by or on behalf of Parent; (ii) enter into any definitive agreement or distribute any
cash (except to the extent subject to concurrent reimbursement by Parent) that will be effective prior to the Closing Date; (iii) give any
indemnities in connection with the Debt Financing that are effective prior to the Effective Time; (iv) take any action that, in the good
faith determination of the Company, would unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of the Company Group or create an
unreasonable risk of damage or destruction to any property or assets of the Company Group; or (v) take any action that will conflict
with or violate its organizational documents or any applicable laws or would result in a material violation or breach of, or default under,
any material agreement to which any member of the Company Group is a party. In addition, (A) no action, liability or obligation of the
Company Group or any of its Representatives pursuant to any certificate, agreement, arrangement, document or instrument relating to
the Debt Financing (other than customary representation letters, authorization letters and undertakings (including with respect to the
presence or absence of material non-public information and the accuracy of the information contained in the disclosure and marketing
materials related to the Debt Financing based on financial information and data derived from the Company’s historical books and
records)) will be effective until the Effective Time, and the Company Group will not be required to take any action pursuant to any
certificate, agreement, arrangement, document or instrument (other than customary representation letters, authorization letters and
undertakings (including with respect to the presence or absence of material non-public information and the accuracy of the information
contained in the disclosure and marketing materials related to the Debt Financing based on financial information and data derived from
the Company’s historical books and records)) that is not contingent on the occurrence of the Closing or that must be effective prior to
the Effective Time; and (B) any bank information memoranda required in relation to the Debt Financing will contain disclosure
reflecting the Surviving Corporation or its Subsidiaries as the obligor. Nothing in this Section 6.6 will require (1) any officer or
Representative of the Company Group to deliver any certificate or opinion or take any other action under this Section 6.6 that could
reasonably be expected to result in personal liability to such officer or Representative; or (2) the Company Board to approve any
financing or Contracts related thereto, effective prior to the Closing Date.

(c) Use of Logos. The Company hereby consents to the use of its and its Subsidiaries’ logos in connection with the Debt
Financing so long as such logos (i) are used solely in a manner that is not intended to or likely to harm or disparage the Company
Group or the reputation or goodwill of the Company Group; (ii) are used solely in connection with a description of the Company, its
business and products or the Merger; and (iii) are used in a manner consistent with the other terms and conditions that the Company
reasonably imposes.

(d) Confidentiality. All non-public or other confidential information provided by the Company or any of its Representatives
pursuant to this Agreement will be kept confidential in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement, except that Parent and Merger
Sub will be permitted to disclose such information to any Financing Sources or prospective Financing Sources and other financial
institutions and investors that may become parties to the Debt Financing (and, in each case, to their respective counsel and auditors) so
long as such Persons
 

A-51



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 159/205

Table of Contents

(i) agree to be bound by the Confidentiality Agreement as if parties thereto; or (ii) are subject to other confidentiality undertakings
reasonably satisfactory to the Company and of which the Company is a beneficiary.

(e) Reimbursement. Promptly upon request by the Company, Parent will reimburse the Company for any documented and
reasonable out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Company Group in connection with the
cooperation of the Company Group contemplated by this Section 6.6.

(f) Indemnification. The Company Group and its Representatives will be indemnified and held harmless by Parent from and
against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ fees), interest, awards, judgments,
penalties and amounts paid in settlement suffered or incurred by them in connection with their cooperation in arranging the Debt
Financing pursuant to this Agreement or the provision of information utilized in connection therewith. Parent’s obligations pursuant to
Section 6.6(e) and this Section 6.6(f) referred to collectively as the “Reimbursement Obligations.”

(g) No Exclusive Arrangements. In no event will the Guarantor, Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Affiliates
(which for this purpose will be deemed to include each direct investor in Parent or Merger Sub and the financing sources or potential
financing sources of Parent, Merger Sub and such investors) enter into any Contract (i) awarding any agent, broker, investment banker
or financial advisor any financial advisory role on an exclusive basis; or (ii) prohibiting or seeking to prohibit any bank, investment
bank or other potential provider of debt financing from providing or seeking to provide debt financing or financial advisory services to
any Person, in each case in connection with a transaction relating to the Company Group or in connection with the Merger.

(h) No Financing Condition. Parent and Merger Sub each acknowledge and agree that obtaining the Debt Financing is not a
condition to the Closing. If the Debt Financing has not been obtained, Parent and Merger Sub will each continue to be obligated,
subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII, to consummate the Merger.

6.7 Anti-Takeover Laws. The Company and the Company Board (and any committee empowered to take such action, if
applicable) will (a) take all actions within their power to ensure that no “anti-takeover” statute or similar statute or regulation is or
becomes applicable to the Merger; and (b) if any “anti-takeover” statute or similar statute or regulation becomes applicable to the
Merger, take all action within their power to ensure that the Merger may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms
contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise to minimize the effect of such statute or regulation on the Merger.

6.8 Access. At all times during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing until the
earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, the Company will afford Parent
and its Representatives reasonable access during normal business hours, upon reasonable advance notice, to the properties, books and
records and personnel of the Company, except that the Company may restrict or otherwise prohibit access to any documents or
information to the extent that (a) any applicable law or regulation requires the Company to restrict or otherwise prohibit access to such
documents or information; (b) access to such documents or information would give rise to a material risk of waiving any attorney-
client privilege, work product doctrine or other privilege applicable to such documents or information; (c) access to a Contract to which
the Company Group is a party or otherwise bound would violate or cause a default pursuant to, or give a third Person the right
terminate or accelerate the rights pursuant to, such Contract; (d) access would result in the disclosure of any trade secrets of third
Persons; or (e) such documents or information are reasonably pertinent to any adverse Legal Proceeding between the Company and its
Affiliates, on the one hand, and Parent and its Affiliates, on the other hand. Nothing in this Section 6.8 will be construed to require the
Company Group or any of its Representatives to prepare any reports, analyses, appraisals, opinions or other information. Any
investigation conducted pursuant to the access contemplated by this Section 6.8 will be conducted in a manner that does not
unreasonably interfere with the conduct of the business of the Company Group or create a risk of damage or destruction to any
property or assets of the Company Group. Any access to
 

A-52



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 160/205

Table of Contents

the properties of the Company Group will be subject to the Company’s reasonable security measures and insurance requirements and
will not include the right to perform invasive testing. The terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement will apply to any
information obtained by Parent or any of its Representatives in connection with any investigation conducted pursuant to the access
contemplated by this Section 6.8. All requests for access pursuant to this Section 6.8 must be directed to the General Counsel of the
Company, or another person designated by the Company.

6.9 Section 16(b) Exemption. The Company will take all actions reasonably necessary to cause the Merger, and any dispositions
of equity securities of the Company (including derivative securities) in connection with the Merger by each individual who is a director
or executive officer of the Company to be exempt pursuant to Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

6.10 Directors’ and Officers’ Exculpation, Indemnification and Insurance.

(a) Indemnified Persons. The Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries will (and Parent will cause the Surviving
Corporation and its Subsidiaries to) honor and fulfill, in all respects, the obligations of the Company Group pursuant to any
indemnification agreements between a member of the Company Group and any of its current or former directors or officers (and any
person who becomes a director or officer of a member of the Company Group prior to the Effective Time) (collectively, the
“Indemnified Persons”) or employees for any acts or omissions by such Indemnified Persons or employees occurring prior to the
Effective Time. In addition, during the period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the sixth anniversary of the Effective
Time, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries will (and Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to)
cause the certificates of incorporation, bylaws and other similar organizational documents of the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries to contain provisions with respect to indemnification, exculpation and the advancement of expenses that are at least as
favorable as the indemnification, exculpation and advancement of expenses provisions set forth in the Charter, the Bylaws and the
other similar organizational documents of the Subsidiaries of the Company, as applicable, as of the date hereof. During such six-year
period, such provisions may not be repealed, amended or otherwise modified in any manner except as required by applicable law.

(b) Indemnification Obligation. Without limiting the generality of the provisions of Section 6.10(a), during the period
commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will (and
Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to) indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law or
pursuant to any indemnification agreements with the Company and any of its Subsidiaries in effect on the date hereof, each
Indemnified Person from and against any costs, fees and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and investigation expenses), judgments,
fines, losses, claims, damages, liabilities and amounts paid in settlement or compromise in connection with any Legal Proceeding,
whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, to the extent that such Legal Proceeding arises, directly or indirectly, out of or
pertains, directly or indirectly, to (i) any action or omission, or alleged action or omission, in such Indemnified Person’s capacity as a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Company Group or its Affiliates to the extent that such action or omission, or alleged action
or omission, occurred prior to or at the Effective Time; and (ii) the Merger, as well as any actions taken by the Company, Parent or
Merger Sub with respect thereto (including any disposition of assets of the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries that is
alleged to have rendered the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries insolvent), except that if, at any time prior to the sixth
anniversary of the Effective Time, any Indemnified Person delivers to Parent a written notice asserting a claim for indemnification
pursuant to this Section 6.10(b), then the claim asserted in such notice will survive the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time until
such claim is fully and finally resolved. In the event of any such Legal Proceeding, (A) the Surviving Corporation will have the right to
control the defense thereof after the Effective Time (it being understood that, by electing to control the defense thereof, the Surviving
Corporation will be deemed to have waived any right to object to the Indemnified Person’s entitlement to indemnification hereunder
with respect thereto); (B) each Indemnified Person will be entitled to retain his or her own counsel, whether or not the Surviving
Corporation elects to control the defense of any such Legal Proceeding; (C) the Surviving Corporation will advance all fees and
expenses (including fees and expenses
 

A-53



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 161/205

Table of Contents

of any counsel) as incurred by an Indemnified Person in the defense of such Legal Proceeding, whether or not the Surviving
Corporation elects to control the defense of any such Legal Proceeding; and (D) no Indemnified Person will be liable for any settlement
of such Legal Proceeding effected without his or her prior written consent (unless such settlement relates only to monetary damages for
which the Surviving Corporation is entirely responsible). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, none of Parent,
the Surviving Corporation nor any of their respective Affiliates will settle or otherwise compromise or consent to the entry of any
judgment with respect to, or otherwise seek the termination of, any Legal Proceeding for which indemnification may be sought by an
Indemnified Person pursuant to this Agreement unless such settlement, compromise, consent or termination includes an unconditional
release of all Indemnified Persons from all liability arising out of such Legal Proceeding. Any determination required to be made with
respect to whether the conduct of any Indemnified Person complies or complied with any applicable standard will be made by
independent legal counsel selected by the Surviving Corporation (which counsel will be reasonably acceptable to such Indemnified
Person), the fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Surviving Corporation.

(c) D&O Insurance. During the period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the sixth anniversary of the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will (and Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to) maintain in effect the Company’s
current directors’ and officers’ liability insurance (“D&O Insurance”) in respect of acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the
Effective Time on terms (including with respect to coverage, conditions, retentions, limits and amounts) that are equivalent to those of
the D&O Insurance. In satisfying its obligations pursuant to this Section 6.10(c), the Surviving Corporation will not be obligated to pay
annual premiums in excess of 300% of the amount paid by the Company for coverage for its last full fiscal year (such 300% amount,
the “Maximum Annual Premium”). If the annual premiums of such insurance coverage exceed the Maximum Annual Premium, then
the Surviving Corporation will be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available for a cost not exceeding the
Maximum Annual Premium from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance carrier. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company may purchase a prepaid “tail” policy with respect to the
D&O Insurance from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current directors’ and officers’
liability insurance carrier so long as the annual cost for such “tail” policy does not exceed the Maximum Annual Premium. If the
Company elects to purchase such a “tail” policy prior to the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will (and Parent will cause the
Surviving Corporation to) maintain such “tail” policy in full force and effect and continue to honor its obligations thereunder for so
long as such “tail” policy is in full force and effect.

(d) Successors and Assigns. If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns will
(i) consolidate with or merge into any other Person and not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or
merger; or (ii) transfer all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then proper provisions will be made so that the
successors and assigns of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective successors or assigns will assume all of the
obligations of Parent and the Surviving Corporation set forth in this Section 6.10.

(e) No Impairment. The obligations set forth in this Section 6.10 may not be terminated, amended or otherwise modified in
any manner that adversely affects any Indemnified Person (or any other person who is a beneficiary pursuant to the D&O Insurance or
the “tail” policy referred to in Section 6.10(c) (and their heirs and representatives)) without the prior written consent of such affected
Indemnified Person or other person. Each of the Indemnified Persons or other persons who are beneficiaries pursuant to the D&O
Insurance or the “tail” policy referred to in Section 6.10(c) (and their heirs and representatives) are intended to be third party
beneficiaries of this Section 6.10, with full rights of enforcement as if such person were a Party. The rights of the Indemnified Persons
(and other persons who are beneficiaries pursuant to the D&O Insurance or the “tail” policy referred to in Section 6.10(c) (and their
heirs and representatives)) pursuant to this Section 6.10 will be in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights that such
persons may have pursuant to (i) the Charter and Bylaws; (ii) the similar organizational documents of the Subsidiaries of the Company;
(iii) any and all
 

A-54



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 162/205

Table of Contents

indemnification agreements entered into with the Company Group; or (iv) applicable law (whether at law or in equity).

(f) Joint and Several Obligations. The obligations of the Surviving Corporation, Parent and their respective Subsidiaries
pursuant to this Section 6.10 will be joint and several.

(g) Other Claims. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or will be construed to, release, waive or impair any rights to
directors’ and officers’ insurance claims pursuant to any applicable insurance policy or indemnification agreement that is or has been in
existence with respect to the Company Group for any of its directors, officers or other employees, it being understood and agreed that
the indemnification provided for in this Section 6.10 is not prior to or in substitution for any such claims pursuant to such policies or
agreements.

6.11 Employee Matters.

(a) Acknowledgement. Parent hereby acknowledges and agrees that a “change of control” (or similar phrase) within the
meaning of each of the Employee Plans, as applicable, will occur as of the Effective Time.

(b) Existing Arrangements. From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will (and Parent will cause the
Surviving Corporation to) honor all of the Employee Plans and compensation and severance arrangements in accordance with their
terms as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing will prohibit the Surviving
Corporation from in any way amending, modifying or terminating any such Employee Plans or compensation or severance
arrangements in accordance with their terms or if otherwise required pursuant to applicable law.

(c) Employment; Benefits. As of the Closing, the Surviving Corporation or one of its Subsidiaries will continue to employ
the employees of the Company Group as of the Effective Time. For a period of one year following the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation and its Subsidiaries will (and Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to) either (i) maintain for the
benefit of each Continuing Employee the Employee Plans and any other employee benefit plans or other compensation and severance
arrangements (other than equity-based benefits and, subject to Section 6.11(b), individual employment agreements) of the Surviving
Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Company Plans”) at benefit levels that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to
those in effect at the Company or its applicable Subsidiaries on the date hereof, and provide compensation and benefits (other than
equity-based benefits and individual employment agreements) to each Continuing Employee pursuant to such Company Plans;
(ii) provide compensation, benefits and severance payments (other than equity-based benefits and, subject to Section 6.11(b),
individual employment agreements) to each Continuing Employee that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the
compensation, benefits and severance payments (other than equity-based benefits and individual employment agreements) provided to
such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time (“Comparable Plans”); or (iii) provide some combination of
Company Plans and Comparable Plans such that each Continuing Employee receives compensation, benefits and severance payments
(other than equity-based benefits and, subject to Section 6.11(b), individual employment agreements) that, taken as a whole, are
substantially comparable in the aggregate to the compensation, benefits and severance payments (other than equity-based benefits and
individual employment agreements) provided to such Continuing Employee immediately prior to the Effective Time. In each case, base
compensation and target incentive compensation opportunity will not be decreased for a period of one year following the Effective
Time for any Continuing Employee employed during that period. For a period of one year following the Effective Time, the Surviving
Corporation will (and Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation to) provide severance benefits to eligible employees in accordance
with the Company’s severance plans, guidelines and practices as in effect on the date hereof and that have been made available to
Parent prior to the Closing Date.

(d) New Plans. To the extent that a Company Plan or Comparable Plan is made available to any Continuing Employee at or
after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries will (and
 

A-55



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 163/205

Table of Contents

Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to) cause to be granted to such Continuing Employee credit for all
service with the Company Group prior to the Effective Time for purposes of eligibility to participate, vesting and entitlement to
benefits where length of service is relevant (including for purposes of vacation accrual and severance pay entitlement), except that such
service need not be credited to the extent that it would result in duplication of coverage or benefits. In addition, and without limiting
the generality of the foregoing, (i) each Continuing Employee will be immediately eligible to participate, without any waiting period,
in any and all employee benefit plans sponsored by the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries (other than the Company Plans)
(such plans, the “New Plans”) to the extent that coverage pursuant to any such New Plan replaces coverage pursuant to a comparable
Company Plan in which such Continuing Employee participates immediately before the Effective Time (such plans, the “Old Plans”);
(ii) for purposes of each New Plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical, vision or disability benefits to any Continuing
Employee, the Surviving Corporation will cause all waiting periods, pre-existing condition exclusions, evidence of insurability
requirements and actively-at-work or similar requirements of such New Plan to be waived for such Continuing Employee and his or
her covered dependents, and the Surviving Corporation will cause any eligible expenses incurred by such Continuing Employee and his
or her covered dependents during the portion of the plan year of the Old Plan ending on the date that such Continuing Employee’s
participation in the corresponding New Plan begins to be given full credit pursuant to such New Plan for purposes of satisfying all
deductible, coinsurance and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such Continuing Employee and his or her covered
dependents for the applicable plan year as if such amounts had been paid in accordance with such New Plan; and (iii) credit the
accounts of such Continuing Employees pursuant to any New Plan that is a flexible spending plan with any unused balance in the
account of such Continuing Employee. Any vacation or paid time off accrued but unused by a Continuing Employee as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time will be credited to such Continuing Employee following the Effective Time, and will not be subject to
accrual limits or other forfeiture and will not limit future accruals (except to the extent that such limits or forfeitures applied under the
Company Plans in effect as of the date hereof).

(e) No Third Party Beneficiary Rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, this
Section 6.11 will not be deemed to (i) guarantee employment for any period of time for, or preclude the ability of Parent, the Surviving
Corporation or any of their respective Subsidiaries to terminate any Continuing Employee for any reason; (ii) subject to the limitations
and requirements specifically set forth in this Section 6.11, require Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their respective
Subsidiaries to continue any Company Plan or prevent the amendment, modification or termination thereof after the Effective Time;
(iii) create any third party beneficiary rights in any Person; or (iv) establish, amend or modify any benefit plan, program, agreement or
arrangement.

6.12 Obligations of Merger Sub. Parent will take all action necessary to cause Merger Sub and the Surviving Corporation to
perform their respective obligations pursuant to this Agreement and to consummate the Merger upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in this Agreement. Parent and Merger Sub will be jointly and severally liable for the failure by either of them to
perform and discharge any of their respective covenants, agreements and obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

6.13 Notification of Certain Matters.

(a) Notification by the Company. At all times during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this
Agreement and continuing until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective
Time, the Company will give prompt notice to Parent upon becoming aware that any representation or warranty made by it in this
Agreement has become untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or of any failure by the Company to comply with or satisfy in any
material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it pursuant to this Agreement, in each case if
and only to the extent that such untruth, inaccuracy, or failure would reasonably be expected to cause any of the conditions to the
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger set forth in Section 7.2(a) or Section 7.2(b) to fail to be satisfied at the
Closing, except that no such notification will affect or be deemed to
 

A-56



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 164/205

Table of Contents

modify any representation or warranty of the Company set forth in this Agreement or the conditions to the obligations of Parent and
Merger Sub to consummate the Merger or the remedies available to the Parties under this Agreement. The terms and conditions of the
Confidentiality Agreement apply to any information provided to Parent pursuant to this Section 6.13(a).

(b) Notification by Parent. At all times during the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement
and continuing until the earlier to occur of the termination of this Agreement pursuant to Article VIII and the Effective Time, Parent
will give prompt notice to the Company upon becoming aware that any representation or warranty made by Parent or Merger Sub in
this Agreement has become untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or of any failure by Parent or Merger Sub to comply with or
satisfy in any material respect any covenant, condition or agreement to be complied with or satisfied by it pursuant to this Agreement,
in each case if and only to the extent that such untruth, inaccuracy or failure would reasonably be expected to cause any of the
conditions to the obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger set forth in Section 7.3(a) or Section 7.3(b) to fail to be
satisfied at the Closing, except that no such notification will affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty of Parent or
Merger Sub set forth in this Agreement or the conditions to the obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger or the remedies
available to the Parties under this Agreement. The terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement apply to any information
provided to the Company pursuant to this Section 6.13(b).

6.14 Public Statements and Disclosure. The initial press release concerning this Agreement and the Merger of the Company, on
the one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub, on the other hand, will each be reasonably acceptable to the other Party. Thereafter, the
Company (other than with respect to the portion of any communication relating to a Company Board Recommendation Change), on the
one hand, and Parent and Merger Sub, on the other hand, will use their respective reasonable best efforts to consult with the other
Parties before (a) participating in any media interviews; (b) engaging in any meetings or calls with analysts, institutional investors or
other similar Persons; or (c) providing any statements that are public or are reasonably likely to become public, in any such case to the
extent relating to the Merger, except that the Company will not be obligated to engage in such consultation with respect to
communications that are (i) required by applicable law, regulation or stock exchange rule or listing agreement; (ii) principally directed
to employees, suppliers, customers, partners or vendors so long as such communications are consistent with the previous press releases,
public disclosures or public statements made jointly by the Parties (or individually if approved by the other Party); or (iii) solely to the
extent related to a Superior Proposal or Company Board Recommendation Change.

6.15 Transaction Litigation. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will provide Parent with prompt notice of all Transaction
Litigation (including by providing copies of all pleadings with respect thereto) and keep Parent reasonably informed with respect to the
status thereof. The Company will (a) give Parent the opportunity to participate in the defense, settlement or prosecution of any
Transaction Litigation; and (b) consult with Parent with respect to the defense, settlement and prosecution of any Transaction
Litigation. The Company may not compromise, settle or come to an arrangement regarding, or agree to compromise, settle or come to
an arrangement regarding, any Transaction Litigation unless Parent has consented thereto in writing (which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). For purposes of this Section 6.15, “participate” means that Parent will be kept
apprised of proposed strategy and other significant decisions with respect to the Transaction Litigation by the Company (to the extent
that the attorney-client privilege between the Company and its counsel is not undermined or otherwise affected), and Parent may offer
comments or suggestions with respect to such Transaction Litigation but will not be afforded any decision-making power or other
authority over such Transaction Litigation except for the settlement or compromise consent set forth above.

6.16 Stock Exchange Delisting; Deregistration. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will cooperate with Parent and use its
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, proper or
advisable on its part pursuant to applicable law and the rules and regulations of NYSE to cause (a) the delisting of the Company
Common Stock from NYSE as promptly as
 

A-57



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 165/205

Table of Contents

practicable after the Effective Time; and (b) the deregistration of the Company Common Stock pursuant to the Exchange Act as
promptly as practicable after such delisting.

6.17 Additional Agreements. If at any time after the Effective Time any further action is necessary or desirable to carry out the
purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full title to all properties, assets, rights, approvals, immunities
and franchises of either of the Company or Merger Sub, then the proper officers and directors of each Party will use their reasonable
best efforts to take such action.

6.18 Parent Vote. Immediately following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, Parent, in its capacity as the sole
stockholder of Merger Sub, will execute and deliver to Merger Sub and the Company a written consent approving the Merger in
accordance with the DGCL.

6.19 No Control of the Other Party’s Business. The Parties acknowledge and agree that the restrictions set forth in this Agreement
are not intended to give Parent or Merger Sub, on the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, directly or indirectly, the right to
control or direct the business or operations of the other at any time prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective Time, each of
Parent and the Company will exercise, consistent with the terms, conditions and restrictions of this Agreement, complete control and
supervision over their own business and operations.

ARTICLE VII
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

7.1 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligations to Effect the Merger. The respective obligations of Parent, Merger Sub and the
Company to consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible pursuant to applicable law) prior to
the Effective Time of each of the following conditions:

(a) Requisite Stockholder Approval. The Company will have received the Requisite Stockholder Approval at the Company
Stockholder Meeting.

(b) Antitrust Laws. The waiting periods (and any extensions thereof), if any, applicable to the Merger pursuant to the HSR
Act and the other Antitrust Laws set forth in Section 7.1(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter will have expired or otherwise been
terminated, or all requisite consents pursuant thereto will have been obtained.

(c) No Prohibitive Laws or Injunctions. No temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
judgment or order issued by any court of competent jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing the
consummation of the Merger will be in effect, nor will any action have been taken by any Governmental Authority of competent
jurisdiction, and no statute, rule, regulation or order will have been enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger, that
in each case prohibits, makes illegal, or enjoins the consummation of the Merger.

7.2 Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the
Merger will be subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible pursuant to applicable law) prior to the Effective Time of each
of the following conditions, any of which may be waived exclusively by Parent:

(a) Representations and Warranties.

(i) Other than the representations and warranties listed in Section 7.2(a)(ii) and Section 7.2(a)(iii), the representations
and warranties of the Company set forth in this Agreement will be true and correct (without giving effect to any materiality or
Company Material Adverse Effect qualifications set forth therein) as of the
 

A-58



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 166/205

Table of Contents

Closing Date as if made at and as of the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks
as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty will be true and correct as of such earlier date), except for such
failures to be true and correct that would not have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.1, Section 3.2, Section 3.3(c), Section 3.7(c) (other than
the first sentence thereof), Section 3.7(d), Section 3.12(a)(ii) and Section 3.25 that (A) are not qualified by Company Material Adverse
Effect or other materiality qualifications will be true and correct in all material respects as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of
the Closing Date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case
such representation and warranty will be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date); and (B) that are qualified by
Company Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications will be true and correct in all respects (without disregarding such
Company Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications) as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of the Closing Date
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation
and warranty will be true and correct in all respects as of such earlier date).

(iii) The representations and warranties set forth in Section 3.7(a), Section 3.7(b) and the first sentence of
Section 3.7(c) will be true and correct in all respects as of the Closing Date (in each case (A) without giving effect to any Company
Material Adverse Effect or other materiality qualifications; and (B) except to the extent that any such representation and warranty
expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty will be true and correct as of such earlier date),
except where the failure to be so true and correct in all respects would not reasonably be expected to result in additional cost, expense
or liability to the Company, Parent and their Affiliates, individually or in the aggregate, that is more than $2,500,000.

(b) Performance of Obligations of the Company. The Company will have performed and complied in all material respects
with all covenants, obligations and conditions of this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by it at or prior to the
Closing.

(c) Officer’s Certificate. Parent and Merger Sub will have received a certificate of the Company, validly executed for and on
behalf of the Company and in its name by a duly authorized executive officer thereof, certifying that the conditions set forth in
Section 7.2(a) and Section 7.2(b) have been satisfied.

(d) Company Material Adverse Effect. No Company Material Adverse Effect will have occurred after the date hereof that is
continuing.

7.3 Conditions to the Company’s Obligations to Effect the Merger. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger
are subject to the satisfaction or waiver (where permissible pursuant to applicable law) prior to the Effective Time of each of the
following conditions, any of which may be waived exclusively by the Company:

(a) Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub set forth in this
Agreement will be true and correct on and as of the Closing Date with the same force and effect as if made on and as of such date,
except for (i) any failure to be so true and correct that would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to fully perform their respective covenants and obligations
pursuant to this Agreement; and (ii) those representations and warranties that address matters only as of a particular date, which
representations will have been true and correct as of such particular date, except for any failure to be so true and correct that would not,
individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger or the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to
fully perform their respective covenants and obligations pursuant to this Agreement.

(b) Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. Parent and Merger Sub will have performed and complied in all
material respects with all covenants, obligations and conditions of this Agreement required to be performed and complied with by
Parent and Merger Sub at or prior to the Closing.
 

A-59



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 167/205

Table of Contents

(c) Officer’s Certificate. The Company will have received a certificate of Parent and Merger Sub, validly executed for and
on behalf of Parent and Merger Sub and in their respective names by a duly authorized officer thereof, certifying that the conditions set
forth in Section 7.3(a) and Section 7.3(b) have been satisfied.

ARTICLE VIII
TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

8.1 Termination. This Agreement may be validly terminated only as follows (it being understood and agreed that this Agreement
may not be terminated for any other reason or on any other basis):

(a) at any time prior to the Effective Time (whether prior to or after the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval) by
mutual written agreement of Parent and the Company;

(b) by either Parent or the Company, at any time prior to the Effective Time (whether prior to or after the receipt of the
Requisite Stockholder Approval) if (i) any permanent injunction or other judgment or order issued by any court of competent
jurisdiction or other legal or regulatory restraint or prohibition preventing the consummation of the Merger will be in effect, or any
action has been taken by any Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction, that, in each case, prohibits, makes illegal or enjoins
the consummation of the Merger and has become final and non-appealable; or (ii) any statute, rule, regulation or order will have been
enacted, entered, enforced or deemed applicable to the Merger that prohibits, makes illegal or enjoins the consummation of the Merger,
except that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(b) will not be available to any Party that has failed to use
its reasonable best efforts to resist, appeal, obtain consent pursuant to, resolve or lift, as applicable, such injunction, action, statute, rule,
regulation or order;

(c) by either Parent or the Company, at any time prior to the Effective Time (whether prior to or after the receipt of the
Requisite Stockholder Approval) if the Effective Time has not occurred by 11:59 p.m., Pacific time, on November 29, 2017 (the
“Termination Date”), it being understood that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(c) will not be
available to (i) (1) Parent if the Company has the valid right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(g); or (2) the
Company if Parent has the valid right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1(e); and (ii) any Party whose action or failure
to act (which action or failure to act constitutes a breach by such Party of this Agreement) has been the primary cause of, or primarily
resulted in, either (A) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the obligations of the terminating Party to consummate the Merger set forth
in Article VII prior to the Termination Date; or (B) the failure of the Effective Time to have occurred prior to the Termination Date;

(d) by either Parent or the Company, at any time prior to the Effective Time if the Company fails to obtain the Requisite
Stockholder Approval at the Company Stockholder Meeting (or any adjournment or postponement thereof) at which a vote is taken on
the Merger, except that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(d) will not be available to any Party whose
action or failure to act (which action or failure to act constitutes a breach by such Party of this Agreement) has been the cause of, or
resulted in, the failure to obtain the Requisite Stockholder Approval at the Company Stockholder Meeting (or any adjournment or
postponement thereof);

(e) by Parent (whether prior to or after the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval), if the Company has breached or
failed to perform in any material respect any of its representations, warranties, covenants or other agreements contained in this
Agreement, which breach or failure to perform would result in a failure of a condition set forth in Section 7.1 or Section 7.2, except
that if such breach is capable of being cured by the Termination Date, Parent will not be entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(e) prior to the delivery by Parent to the Company of written notice of such breach, delivered at least 45 days prior to
such termination, stating Parent’s intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(e) and the basis for such
termination, it being understood that Parent will not be entitled to terminate this Agreement if such breach has been cured prior to
termination (to the extent capable of being cured);
 

A-60



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 168/205

Table of Contents

(f) by Parent, if at any time the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has effected a Company Board Recommendation
Change, except that Parent’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(f) will expire at 5:00 p.m., Pacific time, on
the 10th Business Day following the date on which such right to terminate first arose;

(g) by the Company (whether prior to or after the receipt of the Requisite Stockholder Approval), if Parent or Merger Sub
has breached or failed to perform in any material respect any of its respective representations, warranties, covenants or other
agreements contained in this Agreement, which breach or failure to perform would result in a failure of a condition set forth in
Section 7.1 or Section 7.3, except that if such breach is capable of being cured by the Termination Date, the Company will not be
entitled to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.1(g) prior to the delivery by the Company to Parent of written notice of
such breach, delivered at least 45 days prior to such termination, stating the Company’s intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant
to this Section 8.1(g) and the basis for such termination, it being understood that the Company will not be entitled to terminate this
Agreement if such breach has been cured prior to termination (to the extent capable of being cured); or

(h) by the Company, at any time prior to receiving the Requisite Stockholder Approval if (i) the Company has received a
Superior Proposal; (ii) the Company Board (or a committee thereof) has authorized the Company to enter into a definitive Alternative
Acquisition Agreement to consummate the Acquisition Transaction contemplated by that Superior Proposal; (iii) the Company has
complied in all material respects with Section 5.3 with respect to such Superior Proposal; and (iv) concurrently with such termination
the Company pays the Company Termination Fee due to Parent in accordance with Section 8.3(b).

8.2 Manner and Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination.

(a) Manner of Termination. The Party terminating this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1 (other than pursuant to
Section 8.1(a)) must deliver prompt written notice thereof to the other Parties setting forth in reasonable detail the provision of
Section 8.1 pursuant to which this Agreement is being terminated and the facts and circumstances forming the basis for such
termination pursuant to such provision.

(b) Effect of Termination. Any proper and valid termination of this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1 will be effective
immediately upon the delivery of written notice by the terminating Party to the other Parties. In the event of the termination of this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.1, this Agreement will be of no further force or effect without liability of any Party (or any partner,
member, manager, stockholder, director, officer, employee, Affiliate, agent or other representative of such Party) to the other Parties, as
applicable, except that Section 6.6(e), Section 6.6(f), Section 6.14, this Section 8.2, Section 8.3 and Article IX will each survive the
termination of this Agreement in accordance with their respective terms. Notwithstanding the foregoing but subject to Section 8.3(e),
nothing in this Agreement will relieve any Party from any liability for any willful and material breach of this Agreement. For the
avoidance of doubt, in the event of termination of this Agreement, the Financing Sources will have no liability to the Company, any of
its Affiliates or any of its or their direct or indirect equityholders hereunder or otherwise relating to or arising out of the transactions
contemplated hereby or any Debt Financing (including for any willful and material breach), provided that the foregoing shall not
preclude any liability of the Financing Sources to the Company and its Affiliates under any definitive agreements relating to any Debt
Financing. In addition to the foregoing, no termination of this Agreement will affect the rights or obligations of any Party pursuant to
the Confidentiality Agreement or the Guaranty, which rights, obligations and agreements will survive the termination of this
Agreement in accordance with their respective terms.

8.3 Fees and Expenses.

(a) General. Except as set forth in this Section 8.3, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the
Merger will be paid by the Party incurring such fees and expenses whether or not the
 

A-61



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 169/205

Table of Contents

Merger is consummated. For the avoidance of doubt, Parent or the Surviving Corporation will be responsible for all fees and expenses
of the Payment Agent. Parent will pay or cause to be paid all (i) transfer, stamp and documentary Taxes or fees; and (ii) sales, use, real
property transfer and other similar Taxes or fees arising out of or in connection with entering into this Agreement and the
consummation of the Merger.

(b) Company Payments.

(i) If (A) this Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to Section 8.1(c), Section 8.1(d) or Section 8.1(e); (B) at the
time of such termination, the conditions set forth in Sections 7.1(b) and Section 7.1(c) have been satisfied or are capable of being
satisfied and the conditions set forth in Section 7.3(a) and Section 7.3(b) would be satisfied if the date of such termination was the
Closing Date; (C) following the execution and delivery of this Agreement and prior to the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.1(c), Section 8.1(d) or Section 8.1(e), an Acquisition Proposal for an Acquisition Transaction has been publicly announced or
disclosed and not withdrawn or otherwise abandoned; and (D) within one year following the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Section 8.1(c), Section 8.1(d) or Section 8.1(e), as applicable, either an Acquisition Transaction is consummated or the Company enters
into a definitive agreement providing for the consummation of an Acquisition Transaction, then the Company will concurrently with
the consummation of such Acquisition Transaction pay to Parent an amount equal to $18,500,000 (the “Company Termination Fee”).
For purposes of this Section 8.3(b)(i), all references to “15%” in the definition of “Acquisition Transaction” will be deemed to be
references to “50%.”

(ii) If this Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to Section 8.1(f), then the Company must promptly (and in any
event within two Business Days) following such termination pay to Parent the Company Termination Fee.

(iii) If this Agreement is validly terminated pursuant to Section 8.1(h), then the Company must prior to or
concurrently with such termination pay to Parent the Company Termination Fee.

(c) Single Payment Only. The Parties acknowledge and agree that in no event will the Company be required to pay the
Company Termination Fee on more than one occasion, whether or not the Company Termination Fee may be payable pursuant to more
than one provision of this Agreement at the same or at different times and upon the occurrence of different events.

(d) Payments; Default. The Parties acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 8.3 are an integral part of the
Merger, and that, without these agreements, the Parties would not enter into this Agreement. Accordingly, if the Company fails to
promptly pay any amount due pursuant to Section 8.3(b) and, in order to obtain such payment, Parent commences a Legal Proceeding
that results in a judgment against the Company for the amount set forth in Section 8.3(b) or any portion thereof, the Company will pay
to Parent its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable and documented attorneys’ fees) in
connection with such Legal Proceeding, together with interest on such amount or portion thereof at the annual rate of 5% plus the
prime rate as published in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date that such payment or portion thereof was required to be made
through the date that such payment or portion thereof was actually received, or a lesser rate that is the maximum permitted by
applicable law. All payments under this Section 8.3 shall be made by the Company to Parent by wire transfer of immediately available
funds to an account designated in writing by Parent.

(e) Sole and Exclusive Remedy.

(i) Under no circumstances will the collective monetary damages payable by Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
Affiliates for breaches under this Agreement, the Guaranty or the Equity Commitment Letter exceed an amount equal to $36,900,000
plus the Reimbursement Obligations in the aggregate for all such breaches (the “Parent Liability Limitation”). In no event will any of
the Company Related Parties seek or
 

A-62



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 170/205

Table of Contents

obtain, nor will they permit any of their Representatives or any other Person acting on their behalf to seek or obtain, nor will any
Person be entitled to seek or obtain, any monetary recovery or award in excess of the Parent Liability Limitation against (A) Parent,
Merger Sub or the Guarantor; or (B) the former, current and future holders of any equity, controlling persons, directors, officers,
employees, agents, attorneys, Financing Sources, Affiliates (other than Parent, Merger Sub or the Guarantor), members, managers,
general or limited partners, stockholders and assignees of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Guarantor (the Persons in clauses (A)
and (B) collectively, the “Parent Related Parties”), and in no event will the Company Group be entitled to seek or obtain any
monetary damages of any kind, including consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages, in excess of the Parent Liability
Limitation against the Parent Related Parties for, or with respect to, this Agreement, the Equity Commitment Letter, the Guaranty or
the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, any breach by the Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub), the termination of
this Agreement, the failure to consummate the Merger or any claims or actions under applicable law arising out of any such breach,
termination or failure; provided that the foregoing shall not preclude any liability of the Financing Sources to the Company, Parent or
Merger Sub under the definitive agreements relating to the Debt Financing, nor limit the Company, Parent or Merger Sub from seeking
to recover any such damages or obtain equitable relief from or with respect to any Financing Source pursuant to the definitive
agreements relating to the Debt Financing. Other than the Guarantor’s obligations under the Guaranty and the Equity Commitment
Letter and other than the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement, in no event will any
Parent Related Party or any other Person other than the Guarantor, Parent and Merger Sub have any liability for monetary damages to
the Company or any other Person relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the Merger.

(ii) Parent’s receipt of the Company Termination Fee to the extent owed pursuant to Section 8.3(b) will be the only
monetary damages of Parent and Merger Sub and each of their respective Affiliates may recover from (A) the Company Group and its
Affiliates; and (B) the former, current and future holders of any equity, controlling persons, directors, officers, employees, agents,
attorneys, Affiliates, members, managers, general or limited partners, stockholders and assignees of each of the Company Group and
its Affiliates (the Persons in clauses (A) and (B) collectively, the “Company Related Parties”) in respect of this Agreement, any
agreement executed in connection herewith and the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, the termination of this Agreement,
the failure to consummate the Merger or any claims or actions under applicable law arising out of any such breach, termination or
failure, and upon payment of such amount, (1) none of the Company Related Parties will have any further liability or obligation to
Parent or Merger Sub relating to or arising out of this Agreement, any agreement executed in connection herewith or the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby or any matters forming the basis of such termination (except that the Parties (or their Affiliates) will
remain obligated with respect to, and the Company Group may be entitled to remedies with respect to, the Confidentiality Agreement,
Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(d), as applicable); and (2) none of Parent, Merger Sub or any other Person will be entitled to bring or
maintain any claim, action or proceeding against the Company or any Company Related Party arising out of this Agreement, any
agreement executed in connection herewith or the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby or any matters forming the basis for
such termination (except that the Parties (or their Affiliates) will remain obligated with respect to, and the Company Group may be
entitled to remedies with respect to, the Confidentiality Agreement, Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(d), as applicable). Under no
circumstances will the collective monetary damages payable by the Company for breaches under this Agreement (taking into account
the payment of the Company Termination Fee pursuant to this Agreement) exceed $18,500,000 in the aggregate for all such breaches
(and any indemnification pursuant to Section 8.3(d)) (the “Company Liability Limitation”). In no event will any of the Parent
Related Parties seek or obtain, nor will they permit any of their Representatives or any other Person acting on their behalf to seek or
obtain, nor will any Person be entitled to seek or obtain, any monetary recovery or award in excess of the Company Liability
Limitation against any of the Company Related Parties, and in no event will Parent or Merger Sub be entitled to seek or obtain any
monetary damages of any kind, including consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages, in excess of the Company Liability
Limitation against the Company Related Parties for, or with respect to, this Agreement or the Merger, the termination of this
Agreement, the failure to consummate the Merger or any claims or actions under applicable law arising out of any such breach,
termination or failure.
 

A-63



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 171/205

Table of Contents

(f) Acknowledgement Regarding Specific Performance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 8.3(e), it is
agreed that Parent, Merger Sub and the Company will be entitled to an injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief as
provided in Section 9.8(b), except that, although the Company, in its sole discretion, may determine its choice of remedies hereunder,
including by pursuing specific performance in accordance with, but subject to the limitations of, Section 9.8(b), under no
circumstances will the Company be permitted or entitled to receive both specific performance of the type contemplated by Section
9.8(b) and any monetary damages.

(g) Non-Recourse Parent Party. In no event will the Company seek or obtain, nor will they permit any of its Representatives
to seek or obtain, nor will any Person be entitled to seek or obtain, any monetary recovery or monetary award against any
Non-Recourse Parent Party (as defined in the Equity Commitment Letter, which excludes, for the avoidance of doubt, the Guarantor,
Parent and Merger Sub) with respect to this Agreement, the Equity Commitment Letter or the Guaranty or the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby (including any breach by the Guarantor, Parent or Merger Sub), the termination of this Agreement,
the failure to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby or any claims or actions under applicable laws arising out of any such
breach, termination or failure, other than from Parent or Merger Sub to the extent expressly provided for in this Agreement or the
Guarantor to the extent expressly provided for in the Guaranty and the Equity Commitment Letter.

8.4 Amendment. Subject to applicable law and subject to the other provisions of this Agreement, this Agreement may be amended
by the Parties at any time by execution of an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
(pursuant to authorized action by the Company Board (or a committee thereof)), except that in the event that the Company has received
the Requisite Stockholder Approval, no amendment may be made to this Agreement that requires the approval of the Company
Stockholders pursuant to the DGCL without such approval. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the provisions
relating to the Financing Sources set forth in Section 6.6(a), Section 8.2, Section 8.3(e), Section 8.6, Section 9.3, Section 9.6,
Section 9.8, Section 9.9, Section 9.10, Section 9.11 and this Section 8.4 (and any provision of this Agreement to the extent a
modification, waiver or termination of such provision would modify the substance of the provisions relating to the Financing Sources
set forth in Sections 6.6(a), Section 8.2, Section 8.3(e), Section 8.6, Section 9.3, Section 9.6, Section 9.8, Section 9.9, Section 9.10,
Section 9.11 or this Section 8.4) may not be amended, modified or altered without the prior written consent of the Financing Sources.

8.5 Extension; Waiver. At any time and from time to time prior to the Effective Time, any Party may, to the extent legally allowed
and except as otherwise set forth herein, (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other
Parties, as applicable; (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties made to such Party contained herein or in any
document delivered pursuant hereto; and (c) subject to the requirements of applicable law, waive compliance with any of the
agreements or conditions for the benefit of such Party contained herein. Any agreement on the part of a Party to any such extension or
waiver will be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by such Party. Any delay in exercising any right pursuant to this
Agreement will not constitute a waiver of such right.

8.6 No Liability of Financing Sources. None of the Financing Sources will have any liability to the Company or any of its
Affiliates relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Debt Financing or otherwise, whether at law or equity, in contract, in tort or
otherwise, and neither the Company nor any of its Affiliates will have any rights or claims against any of the Financing Sources
hereunder or thereunder; provided, that nothing in this Section 8.6 shall limit the rights of the Company and its Affiliates from and after
the Effective Time under any debt commitment letter or the definitive debt documents executed in connection with the Debt Financing
(but not, for the avoidance of doubt, under this Agreement) to the extent the Company and/or its Affiliates are party thereto.
 

A-64



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 172/205

Table of Contents

ARTICLE IX
GENERAL PROVISIONS

9.1 Survival of Representations, Warranties and Covenants. The representations, warranties and covenants of the Company,
Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement will terminate at the Effective Time, except that any covenants that by their terms
survive the Effective Time will survive the Effective Time in accordance with their respective terms.

9.2 Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly delivered
and received hereunder (i) four Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid;
(ii) one Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable nationwide overnight courier
service; or (iii) immediately upon delivery by hand or by fax (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery), in each case to the
intended recipient as set forth below:

(a) if to Parent or Merger Sub to:
 

Excalibur Parent, LLC
c/o Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC
Four Embarcadero Center, 20th Floor
San Francisco, CA 94111
Attn: Brian N. Sheth

 David A. Breach
Fax:  415-655-6666

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Kirkland & Ellis LLP
601 Lexington Avenue
New York, NY 10022
Attn: Sarkis Jebejian, P.C.
Fax:  212-446-4900

Kirkland & Ellis LLP
555 California Street
San Francisco, California 94104
Attn: Stuart E. Casillas, P.C.

 Joshua M. Zachariah, P.C.
Fax:  415-439-1500

(b) if to the Company (prior to the Effective Time) to:
 

Xactly Corporation
300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700
San Jose, California 95110
Attn: Christopher W. Cabrera

Fax:  408-292-1153

with a copy (which will not constitute notice) to:

Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, P.C.
650 Page Mill Road
Palo Alto, CA 94304
Attn: Donna M. Petkanics

 Bradley L. Finkelstein
 Michael E. Coke

Fax:  650-493-6811
 

A-65



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 173/205

Table of Contents

Any notice received by fax or otherwise at the addressee’s location on any Business Day after 5:00 p.m., addressee’s local time,
or on any day that is not a Business Day will be deemed to have been received at 9:00 a.m., addressee’s local time, on the next
Business Day. From time to time, any Party may provide notice to the other Parties of a change in its address or fax number through a
notice given in accordance with this Section 9.2, except that that notice of any change to the address or any of the other details
specified in or pursuant to this Section 9.2 will not be deemed to have been received until, and will be deemed to have been received
upon, the later of the date (A) specified in such notice; or (B) that is five Business Days after such notice would otherwise be deemed
to have been received pursuant to this Section 9.2.

9.3 Assignment. No Party may assign either this Agreement or any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the
prior written approval of the other Parties, except that Parent and Merger Sub will have the right to assign all or any portion of their
respective rights and obligations pursuant to this Agreement from and after the Effective Time (a) in connection with a merger or
consolidation involving Parent or Merger Sub or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of Parent, Merger Sub or the
Surviving Corporation; (b) to any of their respective Affiliates; or (c) to any Financing Source pursuant to the terms of the Debt
Financing for purposes of creating a security interest herein or otherwise assigning as collateral in respect of the Debt Financing, it
being understood that, in each case, such assignment will not (i) affect the obligations of the parties to the Equity Commitment Letter
or the Guarantor pursuant to the Guaranty; or (ii) impede or delay the consummation of the Merger or otherwise materially impede the
rights of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, Company RSUs and Company Options pursuant to this Agreement.
Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement will be binding upon and will inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective
successors and permitted assigns. No assignment by any Party will relieve such Party of any of its obligations hereunder.

9.4 Confidentiality. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company hereby acknowledge that Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC and
the Company have previously executed a Confidentiality Agreement, dated April 28, 2017 (the “Confidentiality Agreement”), that
will continue in full force and effect in accordance with its terms. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and their respective Representatives will
hold and treat all documents and information concerning the Company Group furnished or made available to Parent, Merger Sub or
their respective Representatives in connection with the Merger in accordance with the Confidentiality Agreement. By executing this
Agreement, each of Parent and Merger Sub agree to be bound by, and to cause their Representatives to be bound by, the terms and
conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement as if they were parties thereto.

9.5 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the documents and instruments and other agreements among the Parties as
contemplated by or referred to herein, including the Confidentiality Agreement, the Company Disclosure Letter, the Guaranty and the
Equity Commitment Letter, constitute the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede
all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Confidentiality Agreement will (a) not be superseded; (b) survive any
termination of this Agreement; and (c) continue in full force and effect until the earlier to occur of the Effective Time and the date on
which the Confidentiality Agreement expires in accordance with its terms or is validly terminated by the parties thereto.

9.6 Third Party Beneficiaries. Except as set forth in Section 6.10 and this Section 9.6, the Parties agree that their respective
representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement are solely for the benefit of the other Parties in accordance with
and subject to the terms of this Agreement. This Agreement is not intended to, and will not, confer upon any other Person any rights or
remedies hereunder, except (a) as set forth in or contemplated by Section 6.10; (b) if a court of competent jurisdiction has declined to
grant specific performance and has instead granted an award of damages, then the Company may enforce such award and seek
additional damages on behalf of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, Company RSUs and Company Options (which
Parent, Merger Sub and the Guarantor acknowledge and agree may include damages based on a decrease
 

A-66



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 174/205

Table of Contents

in share value or lost premium) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.3(e)(i); (c) if Parent or Merger Sub wrongfully
terminates or willfully breaches this Agreement, or if the Guarantor wrongfully terminates or willfully breaches the Guaranty, then,
following the termination of this Agreement, the Company may seek damages and other relief (including equitable relief) on behalf of
the holders of shares of Company Common Stock, Company RSUs and Company Options (which Parent, Merger Sub and the
Guarantor acknowledge and agree may include damages based on a decrease in share value or lost premium) subject to the limitations
set forth in Section 8.3(e)(i); and (d) from and after the Effective Time, the rights of the holders of shares of Company Common Stock,
Company RSUs and Company Options to receive the merger consideration set forth in Article II. The rights granted pursuant to
clause (c) and clause (d) of the second sentence of this Section 9.6 will only be enforceable on behalf of the holders of shares of
Company Common Stock, Company RSUs and Company Options by the Company, in its sole and absolute discretion, as agent for
such holders, and it is understood and agreed that any and all interests in such claims will attach to such shares of the Company
Common Stock, Company RSUs or Company Options and subsequently transfer therewith and, consequently, any damages,
settlements or other amounts recovered or received by the Company with respect to such claims (net of expenses incurred by the
Company in connection therewith and subject to the limitations set forth in Section 8.3(e)(i)) may, in the Company’s sole and absolute
discretion, be (A) distributed, in whole or in part, by the Company to such holders as of any date determined by the Company; or
(B) retained by the Company for the use and benefit of the Company in any manner that the Company deems fit. The provisions of
Section 6.6(a), Section 8.2, Section 8.3(e), Section 8.4, Section 8.6, Section 9.3, Section 9.8, Section 9.9, Section 9.10, Section 9.11
and this Section 9.6 will inure to the benefit of the Financing Sources and their successors and assigns, each of whom are intended to
be third party beneficiaries thereof (it being understood and agreed that the provisions of such Sections will be enforceable by the
Financing Sources and their respective successors and assigns).

9.7 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or is declared by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect and
the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect the intent of the
Parties. The Parties further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and enforceable
provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable provision.

9.8 Remedies.

(a) Remedies Cumulative. Except as otherwise provided herein, any and all remedies herein expressly conferred upon a
Party will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy conferred hereby or by law or equity upon such Party, and
the exercise by a Party of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. Although the Company may pursue both
a grant of specific performance and monetary damages, under no circumstances will the Company be permitted or entitled to receive
both a grant of specific performance that results in the occurrence of the Closing and monetary damages (including any monetary
damages in lieu of specific performance).

(b) Specific Performance.

(i) The Parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be an
adequate remedy would occur in the event that the Parties do not perform the provisions of this Agreement (including any Party failing
to take such actions as are required of it hereunder in order to consummate this Agreement) in accordance with its specified terms or
otherwise breach such provisions. The Parties acknowledge and agree that, subject to Section 8.6, (A) the Parties will be entitled, in
addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, to an injunction, specific performance and other equitable
relief to prevent breaches (or threatened breaches) of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions hereof;
(B) the provisions of Section 8.3 are not intended to and do not adequately
 

A-67



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 175/205

Table of Contents

compensate the Company, on the one hand, or Parent and Merger Sub, on the other hand, for the harm that would result from a breach
of this Agreement, and will not be construed to diminish or otherwise impair in any respect any Party’s right to an injunction, specific
performance and other equitable relief; and (C) the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the Merger and without that right,
neither the Company nor Parent would have entered into this Agreement. It is explicitly agreed that the Company shall have the right to
an injunction, specific performance or other equitable remedies in connection with enforcing Parent’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to
consummate the Merger and cause the Equity Financing to be funded to fund the Merger (including to cause Parent to enforce the
obligations of the Guarantor under the Equity Commitment Letter in order to cause the Equity Financing to be timely completed in
accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Equity Commitment Letter). Notwithstanding the foregoing
and subject to the rights of the parties to the definitive agreements for any Debt Financing under the terms thereof, none of the
Company and its Affiliates and their direct and indirect equityholders shall have any rights or claims (whether in contract or in tort or
otherwise) against any Financing Source, solely in their respective capacities as lenders or arrangers in connection with the Debt
Financing, and in no event shall the Company, any of its Affiliates or its or their direct or indirect equityholders be entitled to directly
seek the remedy of specific performance of this Agreement against any Financing Source.

(ii) The Parties agree not to raise any objections to (A) the granting of an injunction, specific performance or other
equitable relief to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement by the Company, on the one hand, or Parent
and Merger Sub, on the other hand; and (B) the specific performance of the terms and provisions of this Agreement to prevent breaches
or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants, obligations and agreements of Parent and Merger Sub pursuant
to this Agreement. Any Party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the
terms and provisions of this Agreement will not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with such injunction or
enforcement, and each Party irrevocably waives any right that it may have to require the obtaining, furnishing or posting of any such
bond or other security.

9.9 Governing Law. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware.

9.10 Consent to Jurisdiction.

(a) General Jurisdiction. Each of the Parties (i) irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any
other process (whether inside or outside the territorial jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts) in any Legal Proceeding relating to the Merger
and the Guaranty, for and on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, in accordance with Section 9.2 or in such other manner as
may be permitted by applicable law, and nothing in this Section 9.10 will affect the right of any Party to serve legal process in any
other manner permitted by applicable law; (ii) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits itself and its properties and assets
in any Legal Proceeding to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any state appellate
court therefrom within the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over
a particular matter, any federal court within the State of Delaware) (the “Chosen Courts”) in the event that any dispute or controversy
arises out of this Agreement, the Guaranty or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby; (iii) agrees that it will not attempt to
deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by motion or other request for leave from any such court; (iv) agrees that any Legal
Proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement, the Guaranty or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will be
brought, tried and determined only in the Chosen Courts; (v) waives any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of
any such Legal Proceeding in the Chosen Courts or that such Legal Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to
plead or claim the same; and (vi) agrees that it will not bring any Legal Proceeding relating to this Agreement, the Guaranty or the
transactions contemplated hereby or thereby in any court other than the Chosen Courts. Each of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company
agrees that a final judgment in any Legal Proceeding in the Chosen Courts will be conclusive and may be enforced in other
jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable law.
 

A-68



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 176/205

Table of Contents

(b) Jurisdiction for Financing Sources. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Parties acknowledge
and irrevocably agree (i) that any Legal Proceeding, whether in law or in equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise, involving the
Financing Sources arising out of, or relating to, the Merger, the Debt Financing or the performance of services thereunder or related
thereto will be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of New York in the borough of
Manhattan and any appellate court thereof, and each Party submits for itself and its property with respect to any such Legal Proceeding
to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court; (ii) not to bring or permit any of their Affiliates to bring or support anyone else in bringing
any such Legal Proceeding in any other court; (iii) that service of process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed
to them at their respective addresses provided in any applicable debt commitment letter will be effective service of process against
them for any such Legal Proceeding brought in any such court; (iv) to waive and hereby waive, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
any objection which any of them may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of, and the defense of an inconvenient forum to the
maintenance of, any such Legal Proceeding in any such court; and (v) any such Legal Proceeding will be governed and construed in
accordance with the laws of the State of New York.

9.11 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT
MAY ARISE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH
PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING (WHETHER FOR BREACH OF
CONTRACT, TORTIOUS CONDUCT OR OTHERWISE) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT, THE MERGER, THE GUARANTY, THE EQUITY COMMITMENT LETTER, THE DEBT FINANCING OR
THE EQUITY FINANCING (INCLUDING ANY SUCH LEGAL PROCEEDING INVOLVING FINANCING SOURCES). EACH
PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER
PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER; (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE
IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (iii) IT MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY; AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO
ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS
SECTION 9.11.

9.12 Company Disclosure Letter References. The Parties agree that the disclosure set forth in any particular section or subsection
of the Company Disclosure Letter will be deemed to be an exception to (or, as applicable, a disclosure for purposes of) (a) the
representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) of the Company that are set forth in the corresponding Section or
subsection of this Agreement; and (b) any other representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) of the Company that are
set forth in this Agreement, but in the case of this clause (b) only if the relevance of that disclosure as an exception to (or a disclosure
for purposes of) such other representations and warranties (or covenants, as applicable) is reasonably apparent on the face of such
disclosure.

9.13 Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will
be considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
Parties and delivered to the other Parties, it being understood that all Parties need not sign the same counterpart. Any such counterpart,
to the extent delivered by fax or .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an “Electronic
Delivery”), will be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and will be considered to have the same
binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No Party may raise the use of an Electronic
Delivery to deliver a signature, or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the
use of an Electronic Delivery, as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each Party forever waives any such defense, except to the
extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.
 

A-69



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 177/205

Table of Contents

9.14 No Limitation. It is the intention of the Parties that, to the extent possible, unless provisions are mutually exclusive and effect
cannot be given to both or all such provisions, the representations, warranties, covenants and closing conditions in this Agreement will
be construed to be cumulative and that each representation, warranty, covenant and closing condition in this Agreement will be given
full, separate and independent effect and nothing set forth in any provision herein will in any way be deemed to limit the scope,
applicability or effect of any other provision hereof.

[Signature page follows.]
 

A-70



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 178/205

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused this Agreement to be executed and delivered by their respective duly
authorized officers as of the date first written above.
 

EXCALIBUR PARENT, LLC

By: /s/ Brian N. Sheth
 Name: Brian N. Sheth
 Title:  President

EXCALIBUR MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Brian N. Sheth
 Name: Brian N. Sheth
 Title:  President

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
 

A-71



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 179/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION

By: /s/ Christopher W. Cabrera
 Name: Christopher W. Cabrera
 Title:  Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
 

A-72



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 180/205

Table of Contents

AMENDMENT TO
AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

THIS AMENDMENT TO AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER is effective as of June 20, 2017, by and among
Excalibur Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Parent”), Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and Xactly Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”).

IN CONSIDERATION of the mutual covenants, conditions and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable
consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, it is hereby agreed that:

ARTICLE I

Definitions

When used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings specified:

1.1 Amendment. “Amendment” shall mean this Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger.

1.2 Merger Agreement. “Merger Agreement” shall mean the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 29, 2017, by and
among Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company.

1.3 Other Terms. The other capitalized terms used in this Amendment shall have the definitions assigned in the Merger
Agreement.

ARTICLE II

Amendment

The definitions of “Additional Vesting Company Options” and “Additional Vesting Company RSUs” in Section 1.1 of the Merger
Agreement are hereby amended and restated as follows:

(e) “Additional Vesting Company Options” means, with respect to each Company Option, 66 2/3% of the portion of such
Company Option that is not a Vested Company Option prior to the application of this definition. For purposes of clarification, this
calculation will be performed individually for each holder of a Company Option and on an award-by-award basis for any holder
who holds more than one Company Option. The Additional Vesting Company Options will be treated in accordance with
Section 2.8(b)(i) and converted into the right to receive Vested Option Consideration.

(f) “Additional Vesting Company RSUs” means, with respect to each award of Company RSUs, 66 2/3% of the portion of such
award of Company RSUs that is not a Vested Company RSU prior to the application of this definition. For purposes of
clarification, this calculation will be performed individually for each holder of an award of Company RSUs and on an award-by-
award basis for any holder who holds more than one award of Company RSUs. The Additional Vesting Company RSUs will be
treated in accordance with Section 2.8(a)(i) and converted into the right to receive the Vested RSU Consideration.

 
A-73



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 181/205

Table of Contents

ARTICLE III

Miscellaneous

3.1. Continuance of Merger Agreement. Except as specifically amended by this Amendment, the Merger Agreement shall
remain in full force and effect.

3.2. Survival. All agreements, representations and warranties made in this Amendment or in any documents delivered pursuant to
this Amendment shall survive the execution of this Amendment and the delivery of any such document.

3.3. Governing Law. This Amendment shall be governed in all respects, including validity, interpretation and effect, by the laws
of the State of Delaware (without giving effect to its choice of law principles).

3.4. Counterparts; Headings. This Amendment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but
such counterparts shall together constitute but one and the same agreement. Article and Section headings in this Amendment are
inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not constitute a part hereof.

3.5. Severability. Any provision of this Amendment which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such
jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions of this
Amendment or affecting the validity or enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction.

3.6. Effectiveness. Upon execution by all of the signatories hereto, this Amendment shall be effective as of the date first set forth
above.

[Signatures pages follow]
 

A-74



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 182/205

Table of Contents

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger as of the day,
month and year first written above.
 

EXCALIBUR PARENT, LLC

By: /s/ Brian N. Sheth
Name: Brian N. Sheth
Title:  President

 
EXCALIBUR MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Brian N. Sheth
Name: Brian N. Sheth
Title:  President

 
 
 

[Signature page to Amendment]



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 183/205

 
A-75



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 184/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION

By: /s/ Christopher W. Cabrera
Name: Christopher W. Cabrera
Title: Chief Executive Officer

 
 
 
 



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 185/205

[Signature page to Amendment]
 

A-76



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 186/205

Table of Contents

Annex B
 

Fairness Opinion of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

May 29, 2017

The Board of Directors
Xactly Corporation
300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700
San Jose, California 95110

Members of the Board of Directors:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock, par value
$0.001 per share (the “Company Common Stock”), of Xactly Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), of the
consideration to be paid to such holders in the proposed merger (the “Transaction”) of the Company with a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Excalibur Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Acquiror”). Pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated
May 29, 2017 (the “Agreement”), among the Company, the Acquiror and Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a
wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror (“Merger Sub”), (i) Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, (ii) the separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub will thereupon cease, and (iii) the Company will continue as the surviving corporation and wholly
owned subsidiary of the Acquiror. Pursuant to the Agreement, each outstanding share of Company Common Stock, other than shares of
Company Common Stock held in treasury, owned by Excalibur Topco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, the Acquiror,
Merger Sub or any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Acquiror or Merger Sub and Dissenting Company Shares (as
defined in the Agreement), will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive $15.65 per share in cash, without interest thereon
(the “Consideration”).

In connection with preparing our opinion, we have (i) reviewed the Agreement; (ii) reviewed certain publicly available business
and financial information concerning the Company and the industries in which it operates; (iii) compared the proposed financial terms
of the Transaction with the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions involving companies we deemed relevant and the
consideration paid for such companies; (iv) compared the financial and operating performance of the Company with publicly available
information concerning certain other companies we deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market prices of the
Company Common Stock and certain publicly traded securities of such other companies; (v) reviewed certain internal financial
analyses and forecasts prepared by the management of the Company relating to its business; and (vi) performed such other financial
studies and analyses and considered such other information as we deemed appropriate for the purposes of this opinion.

In addition, we have held discussions with certain members of the management of the Company with respect to certain aspects of
the Transaction, and the past and current business operations of the Company, the financial condition and future prospects and
operations of the Company, and certain other matters we believed necessary or appropriate to our inquiry.

In giving our opinion, we have relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly
available or was furnished to or discussed with us by the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub or otherwise reviewed by or for us.
We have not independently verified any such information or its accuracy or completeness and, pursuant to our engagement letter with
the Company, we did not assume any obligation to
 

B-1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 187/205

Table of Contents

undertake any such independent verification. We have not conducted or been provided with any valuation or appraisal of any assets or
liabilities, nor have we evaluated the solvency of the Company, the Acquiror or Merger Sub under any state or federal laws relating to
bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. In relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to us or derived therefrom, we have
assumed that they have been reasonably prepared based on assumptions reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments
by management as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of the Company to which such analyses or
forecasts relate. We express no view as to such analyses or forecasts or the assumptions on which they were based. We have also
assumed that the Transaction and the other transactions contemplated by the Agreement and in discussions with, and materials
furnished to us by, representatives of the Company, will be consummated as described in the Agreement. We have also assumed that
the representations and warranties made by the Company, the Acquiror and Merger Sub in the Agreement and the related agreements
are and will be true and correct in all respects material to our analysis. We are not legal, regulatory or tax experts and have relied on the
assessments made by advisors to the Company with respect to such issues. We have further assumed that all material governmental,
regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Transaction will be obtained without any adverse
effect on the Company or on the contemplated benefits of the Transaction.

Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to
us as of, the date hereof. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect this opinion and that we do not have any
obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm this opinion. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
Consideration to be paid to the holders of the Company Common Stock in the proposed Transaction and we express no opinion as to
the fairness of any consideration paid in connection with the Transaction to the holders of any other class of securities, creditors or
other constituencies of the Company or as to the underlying decision by the Company to engage in the Transaction. Furthermore, we
express no opinion with respect to the amount or nature of any compensation to any officers, directors, or employees of any party to the
Transaction, or any class of such persons relative to the Consideration to be paid to the holders of the Company Common Stock in the
Transaction or with respect to the fairness of any such compensation.

We have acted as financial advisor to the Company with respect to the proposed Transaction and will receive a fee from the
Company for our services, a substantial portion of which will become payable only if the proposed Transaction is consummated. In
addition, the Company has agreed to indemnify us for certain liabilities arising out of our engagement. During the two years preceding
the date of this letter, we and our affiliates have had commercial or investment banking relationships with the Company and the
Acquiror, for which we and such affiliates have received customary compensation. Such services during such period have included
acting as joint lead bookrunner on the Company’s initial public offering of equity securities in June 2015 and as financial advisor to the
Acquiror on its acquisition of Solera in December 2015. In addition, during such period, we have acted as bookrunner and lead
arranger for portfolio companies of the Acquiror that are unrelated to the Transaction. In addition, we and our affiliates hold, on a
proprietary basis, less than 1% of the outstanding common stock of the Company and none of the outstanding equity interests of the
Acquiror. In the ordinary course of our businesses, we and our affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities or financial
instruments (including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of the Company or the Acquiror for our own account or for the
accounts of customers and, accordingly, we may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities or other financial
instruments.

On the basis of and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion as of the date hereof that the Consideration to be paid to the holders
of the Company Common Stock in the proposed Transaction is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The issuance of this opinion has been approved by a fairness opinion committee of J.P. Morgan Securities LLC. This letter is
provided to the Board of Directors of the Company (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes of its evaluation of
the Transaction. This opinion does not constitute a recommendation to
 

B-2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 188/205

Table of Contents

any stockholder of the Company as to how such stockholder should vote with respect to the Transaction or any other matter. This
opinion may not be disclosed, referred to, or communicated (in whole or in part) to any third party for any purpose whatsoever except
with our prior written approval. This opinion may be reproduced in full in any proxy or information statement mailed to stockholders
of the Company but may not otherwise be disclosed publicly in any manner without our prior written approval.

Very truly yours,

/s/ J.P. Morgan Securities LLC

J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC
 

B-3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 189/205

Table of Contents

Annex C

SECTION 262 OF THE DGCL

§ 262. Appraisal rights.

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant to
subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the effective date of the merger
or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or
consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to § 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of Chancery
of the fair value of the stockholder’s shares of stock under the circumstances described in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As
used in this section, the word “stockholder” means a holder of record of stock in a corporation; the words “stock” and “share” mean
and include what is ordinarily meant by those words; and the words “depository receipt” mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in 1 or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited
with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or
consolidation to be effected pursuant to § 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to § 251(g) of this title and, subject to paragraph
(b)(3) of this section, § 251(h) of this title), § 252, § 254, § 255, §256, § 257, § 258, § 263 or § 264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that, except as expressly provided in § 363(b) of this title, no appraisal rights under this section shall
be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof, at the record date
fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger
or consolidation, were either: (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and
further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation surviving a
merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in §
251(f) of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b)(1) of this section, appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares of
any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of an agreement of merger
or consolidation pursuant to §§ 251, 252, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything
except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in
respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or
depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation will be
either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a. and b.
of this section; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional
depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a., b. and c. of this section.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under § 251(h), § 253 or §
267 of this title is not owned by the parent immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of the
subsidiary Delaware corporation.

(4) In the event of an amendment to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation contemplated by § 363(a) of this title,
appraisal rights shall be available as contemplated by §363(b) of this title, and the procedures of this section, including those set
forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as practicable, with the word “amendment” substituted for the
words “merger or consolidation,” and the word “corporation” substituted for the words “constituent corporation” and/or
“surviving or resulting corporation.”



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 190/205

Table of Contents

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the
shares of any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, any merger or consolidation in
which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the certificate
of incorporation contains such a provision, the provisions of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this
section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall notify each of its
stockholders who was such on the record date for notice of such meeting (or such members who received notice in accordance
with § 255(c) of this title) with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) of this
section that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall include in such
notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Each
stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the
vote on the merger or consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient
if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the
appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A
stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the
effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each stockholder of each
constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or consented to the merger or
consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to § 228, § 251(h), § 253, or §267 of this title, then either a
constituent corporation before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or resulting corporation within 10
days thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to
appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such
class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the
constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or
consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice or, in the
case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, within the later of the consummation of the offer contemplated by §
251(h) of this title and 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
corporation the appraisal of such holder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the
identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder’s shares. If such notice
did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such constituent corporation shall
send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying each of the holders of any class or series of
stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or
(ii) the surviving or resulting corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such
effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice or,
in the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, later than the later of the consummation of the offer
contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice need only be sent
to each stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder’s shares in accordance with
this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that is required to
give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein.
For purposes of determining the stockholders

 
C-2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 191/205

Table of Contents

entitled to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10
days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective
date, the record date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any
stockholder who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may
commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock of
all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party shall have the right to
withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days
after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and
(d) of this section hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from
the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with
respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement
shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholder’s written request for such a statement is received by the
surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal under
subsection (d) of this section hereof, whichever is later. Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section, a person who is the beneficial
owner of shares of such stock held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name,
file a petition or request from the corporation the statement described in this subsection.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or resulting
corporation, which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a
duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom
agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed
by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so
ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the
surviving or resulting corporation and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be
given by 1 or more publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the
City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by publication
shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this section and who have
become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for their shares and who
hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the
pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the
proceedings as to such stockholder. If immediately before the merger or consolidation the shares of the class or series of stock of the
constituent corporation as to which appraisal rights are available were listed on a national securities exchange, the Court shall dismiss
the proceedings as to all holders of such shares who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of shares
entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of the class or series eligible for appraisal, (2) the value of the consideration
provided in the merger or consolidation for such total number of shares exceeds $1 million, or (3) the merger was approved pursuant to
§ 253 or § 267 of this title.

(h) After the Court determines the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the appraisal proceeding shall be conducted in accordance
with the rules of the Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing
 

C-3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 192/205

Table of Contents

appraisal proceedings. Through such proceeding the Court shall determine the fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of
value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. Unless the
Court in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, and except as provided in this subsection, interest from the effective
date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment shall be compounded quarterly and shall accrue at 5% over the Federal
Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the effective date of the
merger and the date of payment of the judgment. At any time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings, the surviving
corporation may pay to each stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case interest shall accrue thereafter as
provided herein only upon the sum of (1) the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the fair value of the shares as
determined by the Court, and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, proceed to trial
upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on
the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section and who has submitted such
stockholder’s certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is
finally determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or resulting
corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of holders of
uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the
certificates representing such stock. The Court’s decree may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced,
whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in the
circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder in
connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and the fees and expenses of experts,
to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as
provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or
other distributions on the stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the
effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time
provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation a written
withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days after
the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of
the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding
in the Court of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval may be
conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just; provided, however that this provision shall not affect the right of any stockholder
who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand
for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, as set forth in subsection (e) of this section.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been
converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the surviving or
resulting corporation.
 

C-4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 193/205

Table of Contents

Annex D

FORM OF VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

This VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of May 29, 2017, is by and among Excalibur
Parent, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Parent”), Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly-
owned direct subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and the Persons set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (each, a “Stockholder”).

WHEREAS, each Stockholder is, as of the date hereof, the record and beneficial owner (as defined in Rule 13d-3 under the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), which meaning will apply for all purposes of this Agreement) of
the number of shares of Company Common Stock of Xactly Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), in each case, as set
forth opposite the name of such Stockholder on Schedule I hereto;

WHEREAS, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company have entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date
hereof, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A and as may be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time (the
“Merger Agreement”), which provides, among other things, for the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company (the “Merger”)
upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement (capitalized terms used herein without definition shall
have the respective meanings specified in the Merger Agreement); and

WHEREAS, as a condition to the willingness of Parent and Merger Sub to enter into the Merger Agreement and as an inducement
and in consideration therefor, Parent and Merger Sub have required that each Stockholder, and each Stockholder has (in solely such
Stockholder’s capacity as a beneficial owner of Equity Interests (as defined below)) agreed to, enter into this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and intending
to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereto agree as follows:

SECTION 1. Representations and Warranties of Stockholder. Each Stockholder (in solely such Stockholder’s capacity as a record
and beneficial owner of Equity Interests) hereby severally and not jointly represents and warrants to Parent and Merger Sub as follows:
 

 

(a) As of the time of execution of this Agreement, such Stockholder (i) is the record and beneficial owner of the shares of
Company Common Stock (together with any shares of Company Common Stock or other Company Securities, which such
Stockholder may acquire at any time in the future during the term of this Agreement, the “Stockholder Securities”) set forth
opposite such Stockholder’s name on Schedule I to this Agreement and (ii) except as set forth in Schedule I to this
Agreement, neither holds nor has any beneficial ownership interest in any other shares of Company Common Stock or any
option, warrant, right or other Company Securities convertible, exchangeable or exercisable therefor or other instrument,
obligation or right the value of which is based on any of the foregoing (each, an “Equity Interest”).

 

 
(b) Such Stockholder has the legal capacity to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the transactions

contemplated hereby.
 

 

(c) This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such Stockholder and, assuming this Agreement constitutes a
legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent and Merger Sub, this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of such Stockholder, enforceable against such Stockholder in accordance with its terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency (including all applicable legal requirements relating to fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium and
similar legal requirements of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights and subject to general principles of
equity.

 
D-1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 194/205

Table of Contents

 

(d) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation by such Stockholder of the transactions
contemplated hereby will result in a violation of, or a default under, or conflict with, any contract, trust, commitment,
agreement, understanding, arrangement or restriction of any kind to which such Stockholder is a party or by which such
Stockholder or Stockholder’s assets are bound, except for such violations, defaults or conflicts as would not prevent or
materially delay such Stockholder’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement. Assuming compliance with the
applicable provisions of the HSR Act, if applicable, and any applicable filing, notification or approval in any foreign
jurisdiction required by Antitrust Laws, and assuming all notifications, filings, registrations, permits, authorizations,
consents or approvals to be obtained or made by the Company, Parent or Merger Sub in connection with the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are obtained or made, the consummation by such Stockholder of the
transactions contemplated hereby will not (i) violate any provision of any decree, order or judgment applicable to such
Stockholder, (ii) require any consent, approval, or notice under any legal requirements applicable to such Stockholder, other
than as required under the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder and other than such consents,
approvals and notices that, if not obtained, made or given, would not prevent or materially delay such Stockholder’s
performance of its obligations under this Agreement, or (iii) if such Stockholder is an entity, violate any provision of such
Stockholder’s organizational documents, except in each such case as would not prevent or materially delay such
Stockholder’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement.

 

 

(e) The Stockholder Securities and the certificates, if any, representing the Stockholder Securities owned by such Stockholder
are now, and, subject to Section 3(b), at all times during the term hereof will be, held by such Stockholder or by a nominee
or custodian for the benefit of such Stockholder, free and clear of all liens and encumbrances, except for any such liens or
encumbrances arising hereunder, any applicable restrictions on transfer under the Securities Act and any liens or
encumbrances that would not impair such Stockholder’s ability to perform his/her/its obligations hereunder (collectively,
“Permitted Encumbrances”).

 

 

(f) Subject only to community property laws, such Stockholder has full voting power, with respect to his/her/its shares of
Company Common Stock and full power of disposition, full power to issue instructions with respect to the matters set forth
herein, and full power to agree to all of the matters set forth in this Agreement, in each case with respect to all of his/her/its
shares of Company Common Stock held in the name of such Stockholder. The Stockholder Securities of such Stockholder
are not subject to any proxy, voting trust or other agreement, arrangement or restriction with respect to the voting of such
Stockholder Securities.

 

 

(g) As of the time of execution of this Agreement, there is no Legal Proceeding pending or, to the knowledge of such
Stockholder, threatened against such Stockholder at law or equity before or by any Governmental Authority that could
reasonably be expected to impair or materially delay the performance by such Stockholder of its obligations under this
Agreement or otherwise adversely impact such Stockholder’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder.

 

 
(h) Such Stockholder has received and reviewed a copy of the Merger Agreement. Such Stockholder understands and

acknowledges that Parent and Merger Sub are entering into the Merger Agreement in reliance upon such Stockholder’s
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement.

 

 

(i) No broker, investment bank, financial advisor or other person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial adviser’s or
similar fee or commission in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon arrangements
made by or on behalf of such Stockholder (it being understood that arrangements of the Company or its other Affiliates shall
not be deemed to be an arrangement of such Stockholder).

 
D-2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 195/205

Table of Contents

SECTION 2. Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and Merger Sub hereby, jointly and
severally, represents and warrants to each Stockholder as follows:
 

 

(a) Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the
State of Delaware and each of Parent and Merger Sub have the limited liability or corporate power and authority, as the case
may be, to execute and deliver and perform their obligations under this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby, and each has taken all necessary action to duly authorize the
execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement.

 

 

(b) This Agreement and the Merger Agreement have been duly authorized, executed and delivered by each of Parent and Merger
Sub, and, assuming this Agreement and the Merger Agreement constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the other
parties thereto, constitute the legal, valid and binding obligations of each of Parent and Merger Sub, are enforceable against
each of them in accordance with their terms, subject to bankruptcy, insolvency (including all legal requirements relating to
fraudulent transfers), reorganization, moratorium and similar laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’
rights and subject to general principles of equity.

 

 

(c) Assuming compliance with the applicable provisions of the HSR Act, if applicable, and any applicable filing, notification or
approval in any foreign jurisdiction required by Antitrust Laws, the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Merger
Agreement by each of Parent and Merger Sub, and the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
and the Merger Agreement, will not: (i) cause a violation, or a default, by Parent or Merger Sub of any applicable legal
requirement or decree, order or judgment applicable to Parent or Merger Sub, or to which either Parent or Merger Sub is
subject; or (ii) conflict with, result in a breach of, or constitute a default on the part of Parent or Merger Sub under any
contract, trust, commitment, agreement, understanding, arrangement or restriction of any kind to which either Parent or
Merger Sub is a party or by which either Parent or Merger Sub or their respective assets are bound, except for such
violations, defaults or conflicts as would not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the performance
by either Parent or Merger Sub or any of their obligations under this Agreement and the Merger Agreement. Except as may
be required by the Exchange Act (including the filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement), any “anti-takeover” laws, the
DGCL, in connection with the HSR Act and any filing, notification or approval in any foreign jurisdiction required by
Antitrust Laws, neither Parent nor Merger Sub, nor any of Parent’s other Affiliates, is required to make any filing with or
give any notice to, or to obtain any consent or approval from, any Person at or prior to the consummation of the transactions
contemplated in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Merger Agreement by Parent or Merger
Sub or the consummation by Parent or Merger Sub of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, other than such filings, notifications, approvals, notices or consents that, if not obtained, made or given, would
not, individually or in the aggregate, prevent or materially delay the performance by either Parent or Merger Sub of any of
their obligations under this Agreement and the Merger Agreement.

 

 

(d) This Agreement is substantially identical in form to all similar agreements entered into by either Parent or Merger Sub or
any of their affiliates with other Stockholders of the Company with respect to their similar agreements, [except that the
equivalent agreement entered into by Parent and Merger Sub and Rembrandt Venture Partners II, L.P., Rembrandt Venture
Partners Fund Two, L.P., and Rembrandt Venture Partners Fund Two-A, L.P. (collectively, “Rembrandt,” and such agreement
the “Rembrandt Agreement”) permits Rembrandt to transfer and sell up to 265,544 of Rembrandt’s shares of Company
Common Stock to non-affiliates, upon which transfer and sale Rembrandt and such transferees will not be subject to any
restrictions under the Rembrandt Agreement in respect of such transferred shares].

SECTION 3. Transfer of the Shares; Other Actions.
 

 
(a) Prior to the Termination Date, except as otherwise expressly provided herein (including pursuant to this Section 3 or

Section 4) or in the Merger Agreement, each Stockholder shall not, and shall cause each of
 

D-3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 196/205

Table of Contents

 

its Subsidiaries not to: (i) transfer, assign, sell, gift-over, hedge, pledge or otherwise dispose (whether by sale, liquidation,
dissolution, dividend or distribution) of, enter into any derivative arrangement with respect to, or create any lien or
encumbrance (other than Permitted Encumbrances) on or enter into any agreement with respect to any of the foregoing
(“Transfer”), any or all of Stockholder’s Equity Interests in the Company, including any Stockholder Securities; (ii) enter
into any contract, option or other agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to any Transfer; (iii) grant any
proxy, power-of-attorney or other authorization or consent with respect to any of the Stockholder Securities with respect to
any matter that is in contravention of the obligations of Stockholder under this Agreement with respect to Stockholder’s
Equity Interests; (iv) deposit any of Stockholder’s Equity Interests, including the Stockholder Securities, into a voting trust,
or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to any of such Equity Interests, including the Stockholder
Securities, in contravention of the obligations of Stockholder under this Agreement with respect to Stockholder’s Equity
Interests; or (v) knowingly take or cause the taking of any other action that would materially restrict or prevent the
performance of such Stockholder’s obligations hereunder, excluding any bankruptcy filing. Any action taken in violation of
the foregoing sentence shall be null and void ab initio. If any involuntary Transfer of any of the Stockholder Securities shall
occur (including, but not limited to, a sale by Stockholder’s trustee in any bankruptcy, or a sale to a purchaser at any
creditor’s or court sale), the transferee (which term, as used herein, shall include any and all transferees and subsequent
transferees of the initial transferee) shall take and hold such Stockholder Securities subject to all of the restrictions, liabilities
and rights under this Agreement, which shall continue in full force and effect until the Termination Date.

 

 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Stockholder may make (i) Transfers of Equity Interests by will or by operation of law
or other transfers for estate planning purposes, (ii) transfers of shares to any Stockholders, member or partner of any
Stockholder which is an entity, (iii) transfers of shares to any Affiliate of Stockholder, (iv) transfers of shares to any
charitable entities or institutions, and (v) other transfers of shares as Parent may otherwise agree in writing in its sole
discretion, so long as, in the case of the foregoing clauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv), any such transferee shall agree in writing to
be bound by this Agreement prior to the consummation of any such Transfer.

 

 
(c) Stockholder agrees that it/he/she will not exercise any dissenter’s rights available to Stockholder with respect to the Merger

pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL.
 

 

(d) [Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary in this Agreement, the Stockholders shall not be restricted hereunder from
transferring and selling up to 265,544 of the shares of Company Common Stock owned collectively by the Stockholders as
of the date hereof to persons who are not Affiliates of the Stockholders (any such shares actually transferred and sold, the
“Excluded Shares”). The Stockholders and transferees of such Excluded Shares will not be subject to any obligations or
restrictions under this Agreement, including under Sections 3 and 4 hereof, in respect of such Excluded Shares, and such
Excluded Shares will cease to be Stockholder Securities for the purposes of this Agreement.]

SECTION 4. Voting of Shares.
 

 

(a) Prior to the Termination Date, and without in any way limiting Stockholder’s right to vote its/her/his shares of Company
Common Stock in its sole discretion on any other matters that may be submitted to a stockholder vote, consent or other
approval, at every annual, special or other meeting of the Company’s Stockholders called, and at every adjournment or
postponement thereof, Stockholder (in Stockholder’s capacity as a holder of the Stockholder Securities) shall, or shall cause
the holder of record on any applicable record date to, (i) appear at each such meeting or otherwise cause all of Stockholder’s
shares of Company Common Stock entitled to vote to be counted as present thereat for purposes of calculating a quorum and
(ii) vote all shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by Stockholder and entitled to vote (the “Vote Shares”)
(A) in favor of (1) the adoption of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the

 
D-4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 197/205

Table of Contents

 

Merger Agreement and (2) any non-binding advisory vote on “golden parachute” executive compensation arrangements,
and/or (B) against (x) any action or agreement which would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the
Company’s obligations to consummate the Merger set forth in Article VII of the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, and
(y) any Acquisition Proposal.

 

 
(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Stockholder shall retain at all times the right to vote the shares of Company Common

Stock held by it in its sole discretion and without any other limitation on those matters other than those set forth in
Section 4(a)(ii) that are at any time or from time to time presented for consideration to the Company’s Stockholders.

 

 
(c) The obligations set forth in this Section 4 shall apply to each Stockholder unless and until the Termination Date shall have

occurred, at which time such obligations shall terminate and be of no further force or effect.

SECTION 5. Directors and Officers. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall apply
to each Stockholder solely in such Stockholder’s capacity as a holder of the Stockholder Securities and/or other Equity Interests in the
Company and not in such Stockholder’s or any partner, officer, employee or Affiliate of Stockholder’s capacity as a director, officer or
employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or in such Stockholder’s or any partner, officer, employee or Affiliate of such
Stockholder’s capacity as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan or trust. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement
to the contrary, nothing in this Agreement shall (or require Stockholder or any partner, officer, employee or Affiliate of Stockholder to
attempt to) limit or restrict any actions or omissions of a director and/or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including,
without limitation, in the exercise of his or her fiduciary duties as a director and/or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or
in his or her capacity as a trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit plan or trust or prevent or be construed to create any obligation
on the part of any director and/or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee or fiduciary of any employee benefit
plan or trust from taking any action in his or her capacity as such director, officer, trustee and/or fiduciary.

SECTION 6. Further Assurances. Each party shall execute and deliver any additional documents and take such further actions
that are reasonably necessary to carry out all of its obligations under the provisions hereof.

SECTION 7. Termination.
 

 
(a) This Agreement, and all rights and obligations of the parties hereunder, shall terminate immediately without any notice or

other action by any Person, upon the earliest to occur of the following (the date of such termination, the “Termination
Date”):

(i) termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms;

(ii) the Effective Time;

(iii) any change to the terms of the Merger without the prior written consent of each Stockholder that (A) reduces the Per
Share Price or any consideration otherwise payable with respect to the shares of Company Common Stock beneficially owned by
any Stockholder (subject to adjustments in compliance with Section 2.7(b) of the Merger Agreement) or (B) changes the form of
consideration payable in the Merger or any consideration otherwise payable with respect to the shares of Company Common
Stock beneficially owned by any Stockholder or (C) adversely affects, in any respect, or is reasonably likely to adversely affect, in
any respect, any Stockholder relative to other holders of Equity Interests of the Company;

(iv) subject to compliance with Section 3(b), the date on which each Stockholder ceases to own any Equity Interests; or

(v) the mutual written consent of Parent and each Stockholder.
 

D-5



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 198/205

Table of Contents

 

(b) Upon termination of this Agreement, all obligations of the parties under this Agreement will terminate, without any liability
or other obligation on the part of any party hereto to any Person in respect hereof or the transactions contemplated hereby,
and no party shall have any claim against another (and no person shall have any rights against such party), whether under
contract, tort or otherwise, with respect to the subject matter hereof, provided however, that the termination of this
Agreement shall not relieve any party from liability from any willful and material breach prior to such termination; provided,
further, that in the event the Effective Time shall have occurred, no Stockholder shall have any liability or other obligation
hereunder whatsoever, including with respect to any willful and material breach occurring prior thereto (other than any
breach of Stockholder’s covenant in Section 3(c)).

 

 (c) Sections 7(b), 8 and 11 hereof shall survive the termination of this Agreement.

SECTION 8. Expenses. All fees and expenses incurred in connection with the negotiation and execution of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby shall be paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses, whether or not the Merger is
consummated.

SECTION 9. Public Announcements. Parent, Merger Sub and each Stockholder (in its capacity as a Stockholder of the Company
and/or signatory to this Agreement) shall only make public announcements regarding this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby that are consistent with the public statements made by the Company and Parent in connection with this
Agreement, the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and only with the prior written consent of Parent. Each
Stockholder (i) consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by Parent and its Affiliates of its identity and holding of the
Stockholder Securities and the nature of its commitments and obligations under this Agreement in any disclosure required by the SEC
or other Governmental Authority, provided that, Parent shall provide Stockholder and its counsel reasonable opportunity to review and
comment thereon, and Parent shall give reasonable consideration to any such comments, and (ii) agrees promptly to give to Parent,
after written request therefor, any information it may reasonably require for the preparation of any such disclosure documents. Parent
consents to and authorizes the publication and disclosure by each Stockholder of the nature of its commitments and obligations under
this Agreement and such other matters as may be required in connection with the Merger in any Form 4, Schedule 13D, Schedule 13G
or other disclosure required by the SEC or other Governmental Authority to be made by any Stockholder in connection with the
Merger. Nothing set forth herein shall limit any disclosure by any Stockholder to its or its Affiliates’ general or limited partners on a
confidential basis.

SECTION 10. Adjustments. In the event (a) of any stock split, stock dividend, merger, reorganization, recapitalization,
reclassification, combination, exchange of shares or the like of the capital stock of the Company on, of or affecting the Stockholder
Securities or (b) that any Stockholder shall become the beneficial owner of any additional shares of Company Capital Stock or other
Stockholder Securities, then the terms of this Agreement shall apply to the shares of Company Capital Stock or other Stockholder
Securities held by a Stockholder immediately following the effectiveness of the events described in clause (a) or a Stockholder
becoming the beneficial owner thereof as described in clause (b), as though, in either case, they were Stockholder Securities hereunder.
In the event that a Stockholder shall become the beneficial owner of any other securities entitling the holder thereof to vote or give
consent with respect to the matters set forth in Section 4(a)(ii) hereof, then the terms of Section 4 hereof shall apply to such other
securities as though they were Stockholder Securities hereunder.

SECTION 11. Miscellaneous.

(a) Notices. All notices and other communications hereunder must be in writing and will be deemed to have been duly delivered
and received hereunder (i) four Business Days after being sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid;
(ii) one Business Day after being sent for next Business Day delivery, fees prepaid, via a reputable nationwide overnight courier
service; or (iii) immediately upon delivery by hand or by fax (with a written or electronic confirmation of delivery), to Parent in
accordance with Section 9.2 of the
 

D-6



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 199/205

Table of Contents

Merger Agreement and to a Stockholder at its address set forth on Schedule I attached hereto (or at such other address for a party as
shall be specified by like notice).

(b) Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect in any way the
meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

(c) Counterparts. This Agreement and any amendments hereto may be executed in one or more counterparts, all of which will be
considered one and the same agreement and will become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other parties, it being understood that all parties need not sign the same counterpart. Any such counterpart,
to the extent delivered by fax or .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an “Electronic
Delivery”), will be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and will be considered to have the same
binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. No party may raise the use of an Electronic
Delivery to deliver a signature, or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the
use of an Electronic Delivery, as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each party forever waives any such defense, except to the
extent such defense relates to lack of authenticity.

(d) Entire Agreement, No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement (i) constitutes the entire agreement and supersedes all prior
agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among or between any of the parties, with respect to the subject matter hereof
and thereof and (ii) is not intended to confer, nor shall it confer, upon any Person other than the parties hereto any rights or remedies or
benefits of any nature whatsoever.

(e) Governing Law, Jurisdiction. This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware. Each of the parties hereto (i) irrevocably consents to the service of the summons and complaint and any other process
(whether inside or outside the territorial jurisdiction of the Chosen Courts) in any Legal Proceeding relating to this Agreement, for and
on behalf of itself or any of its properties or assets, in accordance with Section 11(a) or in such other manner as may be permitted by
applicable law, and nothing in this Section 11(e) will affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted
by applicable law; (ii) irrevocably and unconditionally consents and submits itself and its properties and assets in any Legal Proceeding
to the exclusive general jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and any state appellate court therefrom within
the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular matter, any
federal court within the State of Delaware) (the “Chosen Courts”) in the event that any dispute or controversy arises out of this
Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby; (iii) agrees that it will not attempt to deny or defeat such personal jurisdiction by
motion or other request for leave from any such court; (iv) agrees that any Legal Proceeding arising in connection with this Agreement
or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby will be brought, tried and determined only in the Chosen Courts; (v) waives any
objection that it may now or hereafter have to the venue of any such Legal Proceeding in the Chosen Courts or that such Legal
Proceeding was brought in an inconvenient court and agrees not to plead or claim the same; and (vi) agrees that it will not bring any
Legal Proceeding relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby in any court other than the Chosen
Courts. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any Legal Proceeding in the Chosen Courts will be conclusive and
may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by applicable law.

(f) Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY THAT MAY
ARISE PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT ISSUES, AND
THEREFORE EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT THAT SUCH
PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING (WHETHER FOR BREACH OF
CONTRACT, TORTIOUS CONDUCT OR OTHERWISE) DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT (i) NO
 

D-7



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 200/205

Table of Contents

REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE,
THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING
WAIVER; (ii) IT UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS WAIVER; (iii) IT MAKES THIS
WAIVER VOLUNTARILY; AND (iv) IT HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER
THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11(f).

(g) Assignment. Other than in connection with any Transfer permitted by Section 3, no party may assign either this Agreement or
any of its rights, interests, or obligations hereunder without the prior written approval of the other parties hereto, except that Parent and
Merger Sub will have the right to assign all or any portion of their respective rights and obligations pursuant to this Agreement to any
party to whom they have assigned the Merger Agreement; provided, however, that Parent and Merger Sub may assign, in their sole
discretion and without the consent of any other party, any or all of their rights, interests and obligations hereunder to each other or to
one or more direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent in connection with the assignment of the rights, interests and
obligations of Parent and/or Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement to such indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, and any such assignee may thereafter assign, in its sole discretion and without the
consent of any other party, any or all of its rights, interests and obligations hereunder to one or more additional direct or indirect
wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent in connection with the assignment of the rights, interests and obligations of such assignee under
the Merger Agreement to such additional direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiaries of Parent in accordance with the terms of the
Merger Agreement; provided, that no such assignment shall relieve Parent or Merger Sub of any of their respective obligations under
this Agreement. Any assignment in violation of the preceding sentence shall be void. Subject to the preceding two sentences, this
Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

(h) Severability of Provisions. In the event that any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, becomes or is
declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, void or unenforceable, the remainder of this Agreement will continue in full
force and effect and the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances will be interpreted so as reasonably to effect
the intent of the parties. The parties further agree to replace such void or unenforceable provision of this Agreement with a valid and
enforceable provision that will achieve, to the extent possible, the economic, business and other purposes of such void or unenforceable
provision.

(i) Specific Performance. The parties agree that irreparable damage for which monetary damages, even if available, would not be
an adequate remedy would occur in the event that the parties hereto do not perform the provisions of this Agreement (including any
party failing to take such actions as are required of it hereunder in order to consummate this Agreement) in accordance with its
specified terms or otherwise breach such provisions. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, (A) the parties hereto will be
entitled, in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or in equity, to an injunction, specific performance and other
equitable relief to prevent breaches (or threatened breaches) of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions
hereof; and (B) the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the Agreement and without that right, Parent would not have
entered into this Agreement. It is accordingly agreed that each party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches
of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity and any party seeking an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and
to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement will not be required to provide any bond or other security in
connection with such injunction or enforcement, and each party irrevocably waives any right that it may have to require the obtaining,
furnishing or posting of any such bond or other security.

(j) Amendment. No amendment or modification of this Agreement shall be effective unless it shall be in writing and signed by
each of the parties hereto, and no waiver or consent hereunder shall be effective against any party unless it shall be in writing and
signed by such party.
 

D-8



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 201/205

Table of Contents

(k) Binding Nature. This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall be enforceable by and inure solely to the benefit of, the
parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

(l) No Recourse. Parent and Merger Sub agree that no Stockholder will be liable for claims, losses, damages, expenses and other
liabilities or obligations resulting from or related to the Merger Agreement or the Merger (other than any liability for claims, losses,
damages, expenses and other liabilities or obligations solely to the extent arising under, and in accordance with the terms of, this
Agreement, provided, that, except in respect of any breach of Stockholder’s covenant in Section 3(c), in no event shall such claims,
losses, damages, expenses or other liabilities or obligations include consequential, indirect, special or similar damages), including the
Company’s breach of the Merger Agreement. In no event shall any Stockholder have any liability hereunder with respect to another
Stockholder’s representations, warranties, liabilities or obligations hereunder.

(m) No Presumption. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of
proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.

(n) No Agreement Until Executed. This Agreement shall not be effective unless and until (i) the Merger Agreement is executed
by all parties thereto and (ii) this Agreement is executed by all parties hereto.

(o) No Ownership Interest. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent or Merger Sub any direct or
indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to the Stockholder Securities. All rights, ownership and economic
benefits of and relating to the Stockholder Securities shall remain vested in and belong to Stockholder, and neither Parent nor Merger
Sub shall have any authority to manage, direct, restrict, regulate, govern, or administer any of the policies or operations of the
Company or exercise any power or authority to direct any Stockholder in the voting of any of the Stockholder Securities, except as
otherwise specifically provided herein.

[Signature pages follow]
 

D-9



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 202/205

Table of Contents

SIGNATURE PAGE TO
VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Parent, Merger Sub and Stockholder have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered as
of the date first written above.
 

EXCALIBUR PARENT, LLC

By:      
 Name:   Brian N. Sheth
 Title:  President

EXCALIBUR MERGER SUB, INC.

By:      
 Name:  Brian N. Sheth
 Title:  President

 
D-10



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 203/205

Table of Contents

SIGNATURE PAGE TO
VOTING AND SUPPORT AGREEMENT

 
[STOCKHOLDER]

By:  
 Name:   
 Title:  

 
D-11



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 204/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION 
300 PARK AVENUE, SUITE 1700 SAN JOSE, CA 95110 
VOTE BY INTERNET—www.proxyvote.com 
Use the Internet to transmit your voting instructions and for electronic delivery of information up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, the day before the special meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you access the website and follow the instructions to obtain your records and to create an electronic voting instruction form. 
VOTE BY PHONE—1-800-690-6903 
Use any touch-tone telephone to transmit your voting instructions up until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time, the day before the special meeting date. Have your proxy card in hand when you call and then follow the instructions. 
VOTE BY MAIL 
Mark, sign and date your proxy card and return it in the postage-paid envelope we have provided or return it to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. 
TO VOTE, MARK BLOCKS BELOW IN BLUE OR BLACK INK AS FOLLOWS: 
KEEP THIS PORTION FOR YOUR RECORDS 
THIS PROXY CARD IS VALID ONLY WHEN SIGNED AND DATED. 
DETACH AND RETURN THIS PORTION ONLY 
The Board of Directors recommends you vote FOR Proposals 1 and 2: 
1. To adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 29, 2017, as amended on June 20, 2017, by and among    Excalibur Parent, LLC, Excalibur Merger Sub, Inc. and Xactly Corporation, as it may be amended from time to    time. 
2. To approve the adoption of any proposal to adjourn the Special Meeting to a later date or dates if necessary    or appropriate to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at    the time of the Special Meeting. 
NOTE: Such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof. 
For Against Abstain 
Please sign exactly as your name(s) appear(s) hereon. When signing as attorney, executor, administrator, or other fiduciary, please give full title as such. Joint owners should each sign personally. All holders must sign. If a corporation or partnership, please sign in full corporate or partnership name, by authorized officer. 
Signature [PLEASE SIGN WITHIN BOX] Date 
Signature (Joint Owners) 
Date 
0000341176_1    R1.0.1.15



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1322554/000119312517217331/d413349ddefm14a.htm 205/205

Table of Contents

XACTLY CORPORATION Special Meeting of Stockholders This proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors 
The stockholder(s) hereby appoint(s) Christopher W. Cabrera, Joseph C. Consul and Colleen M. Pouliot, or any of them, as proxies, each with the power to appoint his/her substitute, and hereby authorizes them to represent and to vote, as designated on the reverse side of this ballot, all of the shares of Common Stock of XACTLY CORPORATION that the shareholder(s) is/are entitled to vote at the Special Meeting of Stockholders to be held on July 28, 2017, at Xactly Corporation, 300 Park Avenue, Suite 1700, San Jose, CA 95110 at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time, and any adjournment or postponement thereof. 
This proxy, when properly executed, will be voted in the manner directed herein. If no such direction is made, this proxy will be voted in accordance with the Board of Directors’ recommendations. 
Continued and to be signed on reverse side 
0000341176_2    R1.0.1.15


