







































9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 1/188

DEFM14A 1 d447245ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities

Exchange Act of 1934 (Amendment No.     )
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒                            Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
N/A

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
N/A

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount
on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
N/A



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 2/188

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
N/A

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
N/A

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐

 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the
offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the
date of its filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
N/A

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
N/A

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
N/A

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
N/A

 
  



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 3/188

Table of Contents

 WOLVERINE  BANCORP, INC.
MERGER PROPOSED – YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

On June 13, 2017, the boards of directors of Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. (“Wolverine”) and Horizon Bancorp (“Horizon”) approved an
Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”) that provides for Wolverine to merge with and into Horizon. Immediately following the
merger, Wolverine Bank, the wholly-owned subsidiary of Wolverine, will merge with and into Horizon Bank, the wholly-owned subsidiary of
Horizon, with Horizon Bank as the surviving entity.

If the merger is completed, each outstanding share of Wolverine common stock (other than shares then held of record by Horizon, shares
held as treasury shares of Wolverine, and certain shares held by the Wolverine Bank employee stock ownership plan) will be converted into the right
to receive 1.0152 shares of Horizon common stock (subject to certain adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement), and $14.00 in cash. Each
Wolverine stockholder also will receive cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Horizon common stock that such stockholder would otherwise receive
in the merger. Additionally, as described in more detail elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, under the terms of the Merger Agreement,
Wolverine would have the right to terminate the Merger Agreement during the five-day period following the date on which all regulatory approvals
and other approvals required for the merger are received if Horizon’s average common stock closing price over a specified period of time decreases
below $23.02 per share, and the decrease is more than 15% than the corresponding percentage performance of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and
Thrift Index during the same period. If Wolverine elects to exercise its termination right, Horizon has the right to prevent Wolverine’s termination
under these circumstances by agreeing to increase the exchange ratio pursuant to a formula set forth in the Merger Agreement.

Subject to the adjustments described in the Merger Agreement and based on Horizon’s closing stock price of $25.78 on August 24, 2017,
the value of the aggregate consideration that Wolverine’s stockholders will receive in the merger is approximately $88.1 million. The boards of
directors of both Wolverine and Horizon believe that the merger is in the best interests of each of their respective companies and shareholders.

Horizon’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the trading symbol “HBNC.” On June 13, 2017, the last
day prior to the public announcement of the merger, the closing price of a share of Horizon common stock was $27.50, which based on the 1.0152
exchange ratio and $14.00 per share cash consideration, represented an implied value of $41.92 per share of Wolverine common stock. On August 24,
2017, the latest practicable date before the date of this document, the closing price of a share of Horizon common stock was $25.78, which based on
the exchange ratio and per share cash consideration, represented an implied value of $40.17 per share of Wolverine common stock. Wolverine’s
common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the trading symbol “WBKC.” On June 13, 2017, the closing price of a share of
Wolverine common stock was $31.95. On August 24, 2017, the closing price of a share of Wolverine common stock was $39.57.

Your vote is very important. We cannot complete the merger unless the stockholders of Wolverine approve the Merger Agreement and the
merger. This document is a proxy statement that Wolverine is using to solicit proxies for use at its special meeting of stockholders to be held on
October 3, 2017 to vote on the Merger Agreement and the merger. This document also serves as a prospectus relating to Horizon’s issuance of up to
2,322,327 shares of Horizon common stock in connection with the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus describes the Wolverine special meeting,
the merger proposal, and other related matters.

Wolverine’s board of directors has determined that the merger is advisable and in the best interests of Wolverine, and the
Wolverine board of directors unanimously recommends that the Wolverine stockholders vote “FOR” the approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement and “FOR” the approval of the other proposals described in this proxy statement/prospectus.

You should carefully read this entire proxy statement/prospectus, including the appendices hereto and the documents incorporated by
reference herein, because it contains important information about the merger and the related transactions. In particular, you should carefully read
the information under the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19. You can also obtain information about Horizon and Wolverine
from documents that each has filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities
to be issued under this proxy statement/prospectus or determined if this proxy statement/prospectus is truthful or complete. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense. The securities to be issued in connection with the merger are not savings or deposit
accounts or other obligations of any bank or nonbank subsidiary of any of the parties, and they are not insured by the Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation, the Deposit Insurance Fund, or any other governmental agency.

This proxy statement/prospectus is dated August 29, 2017, and it
is first being mailed to Wolverine’s stockholders on or about September 1, 2017.



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 4/188

Table of Contents

AVAILABLE INFORMATION

As permitted by Securities and Exchange Commission rules, this document incorporates certain important business and
financial information about Horizon from other documents that are not included in or delivered with this document. These documents
are available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. Your requests for these documents should be directed to the
following:

Horizon Bancorp
515 Franklin Square

Michigan City, Indiana 46360
Attn: Dona Lucker, Shareholder Relations Officer

(219) 874-9272

In order to ensure timely delivery of these documents, you should make your request no later than five business days
before the special meeting date, or by September 26, 2017.

You also can obtain documents incorporated by reference in this document through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. See
“Where You Can Find More Information.”

In addition, if you are a Wolverine stockholder and have questions about the merger or the Wolverine special meeting, need
additional copies of this proxy statement/prospectus, or need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to the proxy
solicitation, you may contact the following:

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
5710 Eastman Avenue

Midland, Michigan 48640
Attn: Rick A. Rosinski, Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary

(989) 631-4280

In order to ensure timely delivery of these documents, you should make your request no later than five business days
before the special meeting date, or by September 26, 2017.

All information in this proxy statement/prospectus concerning Horizon and its subsidiaries has been furnished by Horizon,
and all information in this proxy statement/prospectus concerning Wolverine and its subsidiaries has been furnished by Wolverine. You
should rely only on the information contained or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus to vote on the proposals
to Wolverine’s stockholders in connection with the merger. We have not authorized anyone to provide you with information that is
different from what is contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.

This proxy statement/prospectus is dated August 29, 2017. You should not assume that the information contained in this
proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than such date, and neither the mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus to
shareholders nor the issuance of Horizon shares as contemplated by the Merger Agreement shall create any implication to the contrary.



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 5/188

Table of Contents

WOLVERINE  BANCORP, INC.
5710 Eastman Avenue

Midland, Michigan 48640
(989) 631-4280

 
 

Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders
 

To Be Held on October 3, 2017

To the Stockholders of Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.:

We are pleased to notify you of and invite you to a special meeting of the stockholders of Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
(“Wolverine”) to be held on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 3:00 p.m., local time, at The Midland Center for the Arts, Auditorium Lobby,
located at 1801 West St. Andrews, Midland, Michigan, to consider and vote upon the following matters:
 

 
1. Merger Proposal.  To approve and adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated June 13, 2017 (the “Merger

Agreement”), by and between Horizon Bancorp (“Horizon”) and Wolverine, pursuant to which Wolverine will merge
with and into Horizon, and to approve the merger.

 

 
2. Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.  A proposal to approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation

payable to the named executive officers of Wolverine in connection with the merger (the “Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal”).

 

 
3. Adjournment Proposal.  A proposal to approve an adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary, to solicit additional

proxies in the event there are not sufficient votes present at the special meeting in person or by proxy to approve the
merger (the “Adjournment Proposal”).

 

 
4. Other Matters.  To vote upon such other matters as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment thereof.

The board of directors is not aware of any such other matters.

The enclosed proxy statement/prospectus describes the Merger Agreement and the proposed merger in detail and includes, as
Appendix A, the complete text of the Merger Agreement. We urge you to read these materials for a description of the Merger
Agreement and the proposed merger. In particular, you should carefully read the section captioned “Risk Factors” beginning on page
19 of the enclosed proxy statement/prospectus for a discussion of certain risk factors relating to the Merger Agreement and the merger.
The board of directors of Wolverine has fixed the close of business on August 10, 2017 as the record date for determining the
stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

The board of directors of Wolverine recommends that Wolverine’s stockholders vote (1) “FOR” the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement, (2) “FOR” the approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and (3) “FOR” the
approval of the Adjournment Proposal.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. The Merger Agreement and the merger must be approved and adopted by the
holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock in order for the proposed merger to be
consummated. IF YOU DO NOT RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD, VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR BY INTERNET, OR DO
NOT VOTE IN PERSON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, THE EFFECT WILL BE A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSED
MERGER.



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 6/188

Table of Contents

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting in person, we urge you to date, sign, and return promptly the enclosed
proxy card in the accompanying envelope or vote by telephone or by Internet. You may revoke your proxy at any time before the
special meeting or by attending the special meeting and voting in person.

By Order of the Board of Directors,
 

David H. Dunn
President and Chief Executive Officer
Midland, Michigan
August 29, 2017



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 7/188

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 

  
Page
 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING   1 
SUMMARY   6 

The Companies   6 
Special Meeting of Wolverine’s Stockholders; Required Vote   7 
The Merger and the Merger Agreement   7 
What Wolverine’s Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger   7 
Treatment of Wolverine Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards   8 
Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of Wolverine’s Board of Directors   8 
No Appraisal Rights   8 
Voting Agreements   8 
Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor   9 
Regulatory Approvals   9 
New Horizon Shares Will Be Eligible for Trading   9 
Conditions to the Merger   9 
Termination   10 
Termination Fee   11 
Interests of Officers and Directors in the Merger that Are Different From Yours   11 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger   12 
Rights of Stockholders After the Merger   12 
Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger   12 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF HORIZON   13 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF WOLVERINE   14 

Per Share Equivalent Information   16 
Market Prices and Share Information   17 
Recent Developments of Horizon   18 

RISK FACTORS   19 
CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS   23 
SPECIAL MEETING OF WOLVERINE’S STOCKHOLDERS   25 

General   25 
Date, Place, and Time   25 
Purpose of the Meeting   25 
Recommendation of Wolverine’s Board of Directors   25 
Record Date and Voting   25 
Vote Required   26 
Shares Held by Officers and Directors   26 
Revocability of Proxies   27 
Voting of Shares Held in Wolverine’s ESOP or 401(k) Plan   27 
Solicitation of Proxies   27 
Assistance   28 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management   28 

THE MERGER   30 
General   30 
Background of the Merger   30 

 
i



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 8/188

Table of Contents

  
Page
 

Wolverine’s Reasons for the Merger; Board Recommendation   38 
Horizon’s Reasons for the Merger   41 
Effects of the Merger   43 
Negotiations, Transactions, or Material Contracts   43 
Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor   43 
Certain Financial Projections Provided by Wolverine and Horizon   56 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT   60 
Structure of the Merger   60 
Merger Consideration   60 
Treatment of Wolverine Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards   61 
Voting Agreements   61 
Treatment of Wolverine Bank’s 401(k) Plan   62 
Treatment of the Wolverine Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan   62 
Exchange and Payment Procedures   63 
Exchange Agent   64 
Dividends and Distributions   64 
Representations and Warranties   64 
Conduct of Business Prior to Completion of the Merger   65 
Covenants   67 
Acquisition Proposals by Third Parties   71 
Conditions to the Merger   72 
Expenses   75 
Employee Benefits and Payments   75 
Termination   76 
Termination Fee   78 
Management and Operations After the Merger   78 
Environmental Inspections   79 
Effective Time of the Merger   79 
Regulatory Approvals for the Merger   79 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger   79 
NASDAQ Global Select Market Listing   79 

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF WOLVERINE IN THE MERGER   80 
Treatment of Stock Options   80 
Treatment of Restricted Stock   81 
Payments Under Employment Agreements with David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski   81 
Continued Employment for David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski   82 
Assumption of Long-Term Incentive Plans with David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski   82 
Eric P. Blackhurst Becoming a Director of Horizon and Horizon Bank   83 
Great Lakes Bay Region Advisory Board   83 
Indemnification and Insurance of Directors and Officers   83 
Employee Stock Ownership Plan   83 
Merger-Related Executive Compensation for Wolverine’s Named Executive Officers   84 

 
ii



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 9/188

Table of Contents

  
Page
 

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES   85 
COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS   90 

Authorized Capital Stock   90 
Voting Rights and Cumulative Voting   90 
Dividends   91 
Liquidation   91 
Preferred Stock   92 
No Sinking Fund Provisions   92 
Additional Issuances of Stock   92 
Number of and Restrictions Upon Directors   92 
Removal of Directors   93 
Special Meetings of the Board   93 
Advance Notice Requirements for Presentation of Business and Nominations of Directors at Annual Meetings of
Stockholders   94 
Special Meetings of Stockholders   94 
Indemnification   94 
Preemptive Rights   96 
Amendment of Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws   96 
Restrictions on Unsolicited Changes in Control (Anti-Takeover Protections)   96 
State and Federal Law   100 

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WOLVERINE   103 
Business of Wolverine   103 
Supervision and Regulation   124 
Taxation   133 
Properties   134 
Legal Proceedings   134 
Market Price and Dividend Information and Related Stockholder Matters   134 
Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Wolverine   135 
Additional Information Regarding Eric P. Blackhurst   147 

NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION
(PROPOSAL NO. 2)   149 

ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING (PROPOSAL NO. 3)   150 
INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM AND EXPERTS   150 
LEGAL MATTERS   150 
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR NEXT YEAR   150 

Horizon   150 
Wolverine   151 

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION   151 
WOLVERINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS   F-1 
 
APPENDICES   
Appendix A Agreement and Plan of Merger    A-i 
Appendix B Opinion of Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc.    B-1 
Appendix C Voting Agreement    C-1 
 

iii



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 10/188

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETING
 

Q: Why am I receiving these materials?
 

A: Horizon Bancorp (“Horizon”) is proposing to acquire Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. (“Wolverine”) in a transaction where Wolverine
will merge with and into Horizon. Horizon would be the surviving entity in the merger, and Wolverine would cease to exist.
Immediately following the merger, Wolverine Bank, Wolverine’s wholly-owned federally-chartered savings bank subsidiary, will
merge with and into Horizon Bank, Horizon’s wholly-owned Indiana state-chartered commercial bank subsidiary, with Horizon
Bank being the surviving entity (the “Bank Merger”).

In order to complete the merger of Wolverine with and into Horizon, the stockholders of Wolverine must vote to approve and
adopt the Merger Agreement. Wolverine will hold a special meeting of its stockholders to solicit this approval, as well as solicit
approvals on other merger-related matters. This proxy statement/prospectus contains important information about the merger, the
Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement/prospectus, the special meeting of
Wolverine stockholders, and other related matters, and we encourage you to read it carefully.

 

Q: What will Wolverine’s stockholders be voting on at the special stockholders meeting?
 

A: At the special meeting of stockholders of Wolverine (the “Special Meeting”), Wolverine’s stockholders will be asked to vote to
(i) approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the merger, (ii) approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation
payable to the named executive officers of Wolverine in connection with the merger (the “Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal”), and (iii) approve a proposal of the Wolverine board of directors to adjourn or postpone the Special Meeting, if
necessary, to solicit additional proxies if there are not sufficient votes, in person or by proxy, to approve any of these items (the
“Adjournment Proposal”).

 

Q: How does the Wolverine board of directors recommend that I vote at the Special Meeting?
 

A: The Wolverine board of directors unanimously recommends that Wolverine’s stockholders vote “FOR” the approval and adoption
of the Merger Agreement and the merger, “FOR” the approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and “FOR” the
approval of the Adjournment Proposal.

 

Q: What will Wolverine’s stockholders receive in the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, each share of Wolverine common stock will be converted into the right to receive (i) 1.0152 shares of
Horizon common stock (subject to certain adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement) (the “exchange ratio”), and (ii)
$14.00 in cash (the “cash consideration”). We refer to the cash consideration and the exchange ratio collectively as the “merger
consideration.” Because the exchange ratio for the stock consideration is fixed, the value of the stock consideration will fluctuate
with the market price of Horizon’s common stock. Accordingly, any change in the market price of Horizon’s common stock prior
to the completion of the merger will affect the market value of the merger consideration ultimately received by Wolverine’s
stockholders at the time of the merger.

The exchange ratio is subject to adjustment as follows:
 

 

•  if prior to the effective time of the merger, Horizon changes the number of shares of Horizon common stock outstanding by
way of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification, or similar transaction, or if Horizon establishes a
record date for such a change, the exchange ratio will be adjusted accordingly so that each stockholder of Wolverine
receives at the effective time, in the aggregate, the number of shares of Horizon common stock representing the same
percentage of the outstanding shares of Horizon common stock that they would have received if such change had not
occurred; or

 

 
•  if Wolverine elects to terminate the Merger Agreement because the average closing price of Horizon’s common stock is

less than $23.02 for the 15 consecutive trading days before the date of the receipt of
 

1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 11/188

Table of Contents

 

the approvals and consents necessary to consummate the merger (excluding any waiting periods applicable to regulatory
applications), and if the decline in Horizon’s share price is more than 15% than the corresponding percentage performance
of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index over the same time period, Horizon may elect to negate Wolverine’s
termination by increasing the exchange ratio pursuant to the formula specified in the Merger Agreement. See “The Merger
Agreement – Merger Consideration” beginning on page 60.

In lieu of any fractional shares of Horizon common stock, Horizon also will pay each Wolverine stockholder who holds fractional
shares an amount in cash equal to such fraction multiplied by the average per share closing price of a share of Horizon common
stock as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market during the 15 consecutive trading days preceding the second business day
prior to the closing of the merger on which such shares were actually traded.

 

Q: Why is my vote important?
 

A: If you do not vote by proxy or in person at the Special Meeting, it will be more difficult for Wolverine to obtain the necessary
quorum to hold the Special Meeting. In addition, if you fail to vote it will have the same effect as a vote against the approval of
the Merger Agreement and the merger. The Merger Agreement and the merger must be approved and adopted by the holders of a
majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting.

 

Q: Why do Wolverine and Horizon want to merge?
 

A: The Wolverine board of directors, in unanimously determining that the merger is in the best interests of Wolverine and its
stockholders, considered a number of key factors that are described under the heading entitled “The Merger – Wolverine’s Reasons
for the Merger; Board Recommendation” beginning on page 38.

Additionally, Horizon’s board of directors believes that combining Wolverine and Horizon will create a stronger Midwestern
banking franchise. The merger will give the combined company greater scale, not only for serving existing customers more
efficiently but also for future expansion. Horizon’s board believes Horizon and Wolverine have similar, community-oriented
philosophies, and the merger is expected to give Horizon a stronger presence in current and new markets. For additional
information regarding Horizon’s reasons for the merger, see “The Merger – Horizon’s Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page
41.

 

Q: What is the value of the per share merger consideration?
 

A: On June 13, 2017, which is the last business day on which shares of Horizon common stock traded preceding the public
announcement of the proposed merger, the closing price of a share of Horizon common stock was $27.50, which, after giving
effect to the 1.0152 exchange ratio and the cash consideration of $14.00 per share, results in an implied value of approximately
$41.92 per Wolverine share. As of August 24, 2017, the most reasonably practicable date before the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, the closing price of a share of Horizon common stock was $25.78, which, after giving effect to the
exchange ratio and cash consideration, results in an implied value of approximately $40.17 per Wolverine share.

 

Q: What are the vote requirements to approve the matters that will be considered at the Special Meeting?
 

A: At the Special Meeting, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Wolverine common
stock is required to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the merger. The advisory vote on the Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal and the vote on the Adjournment Proposal each require more votes to be cast in favor of the proposal than
are cast against it.

 

Q: Who can vote at the Special Meeting?
 

A: All holders of record of Wolverine common stock as of the close of business on August 10, 2017, the record date for the Special
Meeting, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting, or any postponement or adjournment of the Special
Meeting scheduled in accordance with Maryland law.

 
2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 12/188

Table of Contents

Q: Why am I being asked to cast a non-binding advisory vote on the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal?
 

A: The rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) require Wolverine to seek an advisory (non-binding) vote with
respect to certain payments to be made to Wolverine’s named executive officers in connection with the merger.

 

Q: What will happen if Wolverine’s stockholders do not approve the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal at the Special
Meeting?

 

A: Approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal is not a condition to the completion of the merger. The vote with respect
to the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal is an advisory vote and will not be binding on Wolverine (or Horizon following the
merger). Accordingly, as such compensation is contractual, such compensation will become payable if the merger is completed
regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote.

 

Q: What do I need to do now?
 

A: After you have carefully read this proxy statement/prospectus and have decided how you wish to vote your shares, please vote
your shares promptly. You may vote in one of four ways: (1) by mail (by completing and signing the proxy card that accompanies
this proxy statement/prospectus); (2) by telephone; (3) by using the Internet; or (4) in person (by either delivering the completed
proxy card or by casting a ballot if attending the Special Meeting). It is important that you vote as soon as possible so that your
shares can be voted at the Special Meeting.

If you hold your stock through a bank or broker (commonly referred to as held in “street name”), you may direct your bank or
broker to vote in accordance with the instructions you have received from your bank or broker. Voting by proxy or directing your
bank or broker to vote your shares will ensure that your shares are represented and voted at the Special Meeting.

 

Q: If my shares are held in “street name” by my broker, will my broker vote my shares for me?
 

A: If you hold Wolverine shares in street name with a broker, your broker will not be able to vote your shares without instructions
from you. You should contact your broker and ask what directions your broker will need from you. If you hold Wolverine shares
in street name with a broker and you do not provide instructions to your broker on how to vote, your broker will not be able to
vote your shares. This will have the same practical effect as a vote “AGAINST” approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement
and the merger, but will have no impact on the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal.

 

Q: Can I attend the Special Meeting and vote my shares in person?
 

A: Yes. All Wolverine stockholders are invited to attend the Special Meeting. If you are a Wolverine stockholder of record, you can
vote in person at the Special Meeting. If you hold Wolverine shares in street name through a bank, broker, or other nominee, then
you must obtain a legal proxy from the holder of record by contacting your bank, broker, or other nominee to vote your shares in
person at the Special Meeting. If you plan to attend the Special Meeting, you must hold your shares in your own name or have a
letter from the record holder of your shares confirming your ownership and you must bring a form of personal photo identification
with you in order to be admitted. Wolverine reserves the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper proof of share
ownership and without proper photo identification.

 

Q: What happens if I do not vote?
 

A: Because the required vote of Wolverine’s stockholders to approve the Merger Agreement is based upon the number of issued and
outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock entitled to vote rather than upon the number of shares actually voted, abstentions
from voting and “broker non-votes” will have the same practical effect as a vote “AGAINST” the approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement, but will have no effect on the Merger-Related Compensation proposal or the Adjournment Proposal. If you
return a properly

 
3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 13/188

Table of Contents

 
signed proxy card but do not indicate how you want to vote, your proxy will be counted as a vote “FOR” the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the merger.

 

Q: Can I change my vote before the Special Meeting?
 

A: Yes. If you are a Wolverine stockholder of record, there are three ways for you to revoke your proxy and change your vote. First,
you may send written notice to Wolverine’s Corporate Secretary before the Special Meeting stating that you would like to revoke
your proxy. Second, you may complete and submit a new proxy card before the Special Meeting that is dated later than the date of
your prior proxy card. If you submitted your proxy by Internet or by telephone, you can change your vote by voting over the
Internet or by telephone. Third, you may vote in person at the Special Meeting. Merely being present at the Special Meeting,
without voting at the meeting, will not constitute a revocation of a previously given proxy. If you hold your shares in street name
with a bank or broker, you must follow the directions you receive from your bank or broker to change your vote.

 

Q: How do I vote shares held in Wolverine’s Employee Stock Ownership Plan and the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan?
 

A: Wolverine maintains the Wolverine Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “Wolverine Bank ESOP”) that owns
approximately 187,252 shares of Wolverine’s common stock. Each participant will instruct the Wolverine Bank ESOP trustee,
Pentegra Trust Company, how to vote the shares of Wolverine common stock allocated to his or her account under the Wolverine
Bank ESOP. The Wolverine Bank ESOP trustee will vote unallocated shares of common stock and allocated shares for which
voting instructions are not timely received in the same proportion as the allocated shares for which it has received timely voting
instructions. A participant in the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan (the “401(k) Plan”) is entitled to direct the 401(k) Plan trustee as to
the shares in the Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. Stock Fund credited to his or her account. The 401(k) Plan trustee will vote all shares
for which no directions are given or for which instructions were not timely received in the same proportion as shares for which the
401(k) Plan trustee received voting instructions. A participant in either the Wolverine Bank ESOP or the 401(k) Plan will need to
vote by mail (by completing and signing the instruction card that accompanies this proxy statement/prospectus). A participant
must return his or her instruction card to the ESOP trustee or 401(k) Plan trustee by 5:00 p.m. on September 26, 2017 in order to
instruct the respective trustee how to vote such Wolverine shares.

If a participant properly executes the instruction card distributed by the trustee, the trustee will vote such participant’s shares in
accordance with the participant’s instructions. Where properly executed instruction cards are returned to the trustee with no
specific instruction as to how to vote at the Special Meeting, the trustee will vote shares “FOR” the approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the merger, “FOR” the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

 

Q: Will Horizon’s stockholders receive any shares or cash as a result of the merger?
 

A: No, Horizon’s stockholders will not receive any cash or shares in the merger.
 

Q: When do you currently expect to complete the merger?
 

A: We expect to complete the merger early in the fourth quarter of 2017. However, we cannot assure you when or if the merger will
occur. Wolverine’s stockholders first must approve the Merger Agreement, among other things, before we are able to close the
merger.

 

Q: Do Wolverine’s stockholders have appraisal rights?
 

A: No. Under the Maryland General Corporation Law, the stockholders of Wolverine do not have appraisal rights with respect to the
merger.

 

Q: What risks should I consider before I vote on the Merger Agreement?
 

A: You should read and carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of this
proxy statement/prospectus. You also should read and carefully consider the

 
4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 14/188

Table of Contents

 
risk factors of Horizon contained in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See the
section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 151 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 

Q: Should I send in my Wolverine stock certificates now?
 

A: No. Within five business days after the completion of the merger, you will receive a letter of transmittal describing how you may
exchange your shares for the merger consideration and surrender your Wolverine stock certificates. At that time, you must send
your completed letter of transmittal to Horizon’s exchange agent named in the letter of transmittal in order to receive the merger
consideration. You should not send your Wolverine stock certificates until you receive the letter of transmittal.

 

Q: What are the tax consequences of the merger to Wolverine’s stockholders?
 

A: Horizon and Wolverine expect the merger to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code for
U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a reorganization, then, in general, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes: (1) a holder of Wolverine common stock generally will recognize gain, but not loss, in an amount equal to the lesser of
the amount of cash received, or the amount of gain “realized” in the merger where the amount of such realized gain will equal the
amount by which (a) the cash plus the fair market value of the Horizon common stock received, exceeds (b) the holder’s
aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Wolverine common stock; and (2) a holder of Wolverine common stock will recognize gain or
loss, if any, on any fractional share of Horizon common stock for which cash is received equal to the difference between the
amount of cash received and the holder’s allocable tax basis in the fractional share. At the closing, Horizon and Wolverine are
each to receive an opinion confirming these tax consequences. See “Material Federal Income Tax Consequences” beginning on
page 85.

Your tax consequences will depend on your personal situation. You should consult your tax advisor for a full understanding of the
tax consequences of the merger to you.

 

Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the merger is not completed, Wolverine stockholders will not receive any consideration for their shares of Wolverine common
stock in connection with the merger. Instead, Wolverine will remain an independent public company, and its common stock will
continue to be listed and traded on the NASDAQ. Under specified circumstances, Wolverine may be required to pay Horizon a
fee with respect to the termination of the Merger Agreement, as described under the section entitled “The Merger Agreement –
Termination Fee” beginning on page 78 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 

Q: Who should I contact if I have other questions about the Merger Agreement or the merger?
 

A: If you have more questions about the Merger Agreement or the merger, you should contact:

Horizon Bancorp
515 Franklin Square
Michigan City, Indiana 46360
(219) 873-2611
Attention: Mark E. Secor, Chief Financial Officer

You may also contact:

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
5710 Eastman Avenue
Midland, Michigan 48640
(989) 631-4280
Attention: Rick A. Rosinski, Chief Operating Officer and Corporate Secretary

 
5



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 15/188

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information in this proxy statement/prospectus and may not contain all of the
information important to you. To understand the merger more fully, you should read this entire document carefully, including the
appendices and the documents referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus. A list of the documents incorporated by reference
appears under the caption “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 151.

The Companies

Horizon Bancorp
515 Franklin Square
Michigan City, IN 46360
(219) 874-9272

Horizon Bancorp is a registered bank holding company incorporated in Indiana and headquartered in Michigan City,
Indiana. Horizon provides a broad range of banking services in Northern and Central Indiana and Southwestern and Central
Michigan through its Indiana state-chartered commercial bank subsidiary, Horizon Bank, and other affiliated entities, including
Horizon Risk Management, Inc. Horizon operates as a single segment, which is commercial banking. Horizon Bank was chartered
as a national banking association in 1873, and converted from a national bank to an Indiana state commercial bank effective as of
June 23, 2017. Horizon Bank currently operates 56 full service offices and 4 loan and deposit production offices. Horizon Bank is
a full-service commercial bank offering commercial and retail banking services, corporate and individual trust and agency
services, and other services incident to banking. Horizon Risk Management, Inc. is a captive insurance company incorporated in
Nevada and was formed as a wholly-owned subsidiary of Horizon. Horizon’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market under the trading symbol “HBNC.” Horizon’s primary regulator is the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve
System, referred to in this proxy statement/prospectus as the Federal Reserve Board. Horizon Bank’s primary regulator is the
Indiana Department of Financial Institutions (the “IDFI”), and its primary federal regulator is the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation (the “FDIC”). At June 30, 2017, Horizon Bancorp had total assets of $3.32 billion, total deposits of $2.42 billion, and
total stockholders’ equity of $357.3 million.

Horizon’s website address is www.horizonbank.com. Information contained in, or accessible through, Horizon’s website
does not constitute a part of this proxy statement/prospectus. Additional information about Horizon and its subsidiaries is included
in documents incorporated by reference into this document. For more information, please see the section entitled “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on page 151.

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
5710 Eastman Avenue
Midland, MI 48640
(989) 631-4280

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. was incorporated in Maryland in 2010 as part of the mutual-to-stock conversion of Wolverine
Bank, to become the savings and loan holding company of Wolverine Bank. Since being incorporated, other than holding the
common stock of Wolverine Bank and making a loan to the Wolverine Bank ESOP, Wolverine has not engaged in any business
activities to date, except the repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock. Wolverine Bank, a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Wolverine, is a federally-chartered savings bank headquartered in Midland, Michigan, the heart of the Great Lakes Bay Region
with a population of over 500,000. Wolverine Bank was originally chartered in 1933. At June 30, 2017, Wolverine Bancorp had
total assets of $385.9 million, total deposits of $262.7 million, and total stockholders’ equity of $62.2 million. Wolverine Bank
provides financial services primarily to individuals, families, and businesses in the Great Lakes Bay Region of Michigan and
throughout all of Michigan through its two banking offices located in Midland, Michigan, which is the County Seat of Midland
County, its banking office in Frankenmuth, which is located in
 

 
6



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 16/188

Table of Contents

neighboring Saginaw County, and its loan production office in Troy, Michigan, which is located in Oakland County. Midland,
Michigan is located approximately 120 miles northwest of Detroit and approximately 90 miles north of Lansing, Michigan, in the
eastern portion of Michigan’s lower peninsula. Wolverine’s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the
trading symbol “WBKC.”

Wolverine’s website address is www.wolverinebank.com. Information contained in, or accessible through, Wolverine’s
website does not constitute a part of this proxy statement/prospectus. Additional information about Wolverine and Wolverine Bank
is included elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus. For more information, please see the section entitled “Where You Can
Find More Information” beginning on page 151.

Special Meeting of Wolverine’s Stockholders; Required Vote (page 25)

The Special Meeting is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, October 3, 2017, at 3:00 p.m., local time, at The Midland Center
for the Arts, Auditorium Lobby, located at 1801 West St. Andrews, Midland, Michigan. At the Special Meeting, Wolverine’s
stockholders will be asked to vote to adopt and approve the Merger Agreement, which provides for the merger of Wolverine into
Horizon as contemplated by the Merger Agreement. You also will be asked to approve the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal
and the Adjournment Proposal. Only Wolverine stockholders of record as of the close of business on August 10, 2017 are entitled
to notice of, and to vote at, the Special Meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the Special Meeting.

As of August 10, 2017, the directors and executive officers of Wolverine, and their affiliates, owned and were entitled to
vote 216,293 shares or approximately 10.3% of the 2,105,981 outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock. In connection with
the execution of the Merger Agreement, all of the directors and executive officers of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank executed a
voting agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote all their shares in favor of the merger. A copy of that voting agreement is
attached as Appendix C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Approval of the Merger Agreement and the merger requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued
and outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock. Approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal and the
Adjournment Proposal each require more votes to be cast in favor of the proposal than are cast against it.

The Merger and the Merger Agreement (page 30)

Horizon’s acquisition of Wolverine is governed by the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement provides that, if all of
the conditions are satisfied or waived, Wolverine will be merged with and into Horizon, with Horizon as the surviving corporation.
Immediately following the merger, Wolverine Bank will merge with and into Horizon Bank, with Horizon Bank surviving. We
encourage you to read the Merger Agreement, which is included as Appendix A to this proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

What Wolverine’s Stockholders Will Receive in the Merger (page 60)

If the merger is completed, each share of Wolverine common stock held by a Wolverine stockholder will be converted
into the right to receive (i) 1.0152 shares of Horizon common stock, and (ii) $14.00 in cash. The exchange ratio is subject to the
following adjustments:
 

 

•  Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If prior to the effective time of the merger, Horizon changes the number of shares of
Horizon common stock outstanding by way of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification, or
similar transaction, or if Horizon establishes a record date for such a change, the exchange ratio will be adjusted
accordingly so that each holder of Wolverine common stock receives at the effective time, in the aggregate, the
number of shares of Horizon common stock representing the same percentage of the outstanding shares of Horizon
common stock that such stockholders would have received if such change had not occurred; or

 

 
7



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 17/188

Table of Contents

 

•  Decrease in Market Price of Horizon Common Stock. If Wolverine elects to terminate the Merger Agreement
because the market price of Horizon’s common stock has decreased below certain amounts specified in the Merger
Agreement, Horizon will have the option of increasing the exchange ratio pursuant to the formula specified in the
Merger Agreement in lieu of Wolverine’s right to terminate the Merger Agreement.

Because the exchange ratio for the stock consideration is fixed, the value of the stock consideration will fluctuate with the
market price of Horizon’s common stock. Accordingly, any change in the market price of Horizon’s common stock prior to the
completion of the merger will affect the market value of the merger consideration ultimately received by Wolverine’s stockholders
at the time of the merger.

In lieu of any fractional shares of Horizon common stock, Horizon will distribute an amount in cash equal to such
fraction multiplied by the average per share closing price of a share of Horizon common stock as quoted on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market during the 15 consecutive trading days preceding the second business day prior to the closing of the merger on
which such shares were actually traded.

Treatment of Wolverine Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards (page 61)

All outstanding options (vested and unvested) to purchase Wolverine common stock will be converted into the right to
receive from Horizon, at the effective time of the merger, an amount of cash equal to $40.00 minus the per share exercise price for
each share subject to a Wolverine stock option, less applicable tax withholdings. The payments on these options will be made by
Wolverine to the optionholders immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. As of the date of this document, there were
outstanding vested options to purchase an aggregate of 116,085 shares of Wolverine common stock at a weighted average exercise
price of $17.46 per share. In addition, as of the date of this document, options to purchase 64,000 shares of Wolverine common
stock with a weighted average exercise price of $26.88 were unvested.

At the effective time of the merger, each award of restricted stock of Wolverine that is outstanding immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger will fully vest and be canceled and automatically converted into the right to receive the merger
consideration. Horizon will make the payments with respect to these restricted stock awards, less applicable tax withholdings, in
the same manner as the merger consideration is delivered to other Wolverine stockholders.

Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of Wolverine’s Board of Directors (page 38)

The Wolverine board of directors unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the proposed merger. The Wolverine
board believes that the Merger Agreement, including the merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement, is advisable and fair to,
and in the best interests of, Wolverine and its stockholders, and therefore recommends that Wolverine’s stockholders vote “FOR”
the proposal to adopt and approve the Merger Agreement. In reaching its decision, the Wolverine board of directors considered a
number of factors, which are described in the section captioned “The Merger – Wolverine’s Reasons for the Merger; Board
Recommendation” beginning on page 38. Because of the wide variety of factors considered, the Wolverine board of directors did
not believe it practicable, nor did it attempt, to quantify or otherwise assign relative weight to the specific factors it considered in
reaching its decision.

The Wolverine board also recommends that you vote “FOR” approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and
“FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

No Appraisal Rights

Wolverine’s stockholders do not have appraisal rights under the Maryland General Corporation Law.

Voting Agreements (page 61)

As of August 10, 2017, the record date for the Special Meeting, the directors and executive officers of Wolverine owned
and were entitled to vote 216,293 shares or approximately 10.3% of the 2,105,981 outstanding
 

 
8



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 18/188

Table of Contents

shares of Wolverine common stock. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, all of the directors and executive
officers of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank executed a voting agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote their shares in favor
of the merger. A copy of that voting agreement is attached as Appendix C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor (page 43)

In connection with the merger, Wolverine’s financial advisor, Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, Inc. (“KBW”), delivered a
written opinion, dated June 13, 2017, to the Wolverine board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of
the date of the opinion, of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of Wolverine common stock in the proposed
merger. The full text of KBW’s opinion, which describes the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered, and
qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by KBW in preparing the opinion, is attached as Appendix B to this proxy
statement/prospectus. The opinion was for the information of, and was directed to, the Wolverine board (in its capacity as
such) in connection with its consideration of the financial terms of the merger. The opinion did not address the underlying
business decision of Wolverine to engage in the merger or enter into the Merger Agreement or constitute a
recommendation to the Wolverine board in connection with the merger, and it does not constitute a recommendation to
any holder of Wolverine common stock as to how to vote in connection with the merger or any other matter.

Regulatory Approvals (page 79)

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the merger cannot be completed until Horizon receives necessary regulatory
approvals, which include a waiver from the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago (the “FRB”) of the application requirements for the
merger of Wolverine into Horizon, and the approvals of the FDIC and IDFI of the merger of Wolverine Bank into Horizon Bank.
As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Horizon has filed the required applications with the FDIC and IDFI, and we
expect to receive FDIC and IDFI approval and the FRB’s waiver in October 2017. Although we believe that we will be able to
obtain these regulatory approvals and waivers, there can be no assurance that all requisite approvals and waivers will be obtained
or that they will be obtained within the time period we anticipate.

New Horizon Shares Will Be Eligible for Trading (page 79)

The shares of Horizon common stock to be issued in the merger will be eligible for trading on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market.

Conditions to the Merger (page 72)

The obligation of Horizon and Wolverine to consummate the merger is subject to the satisfaction or, in certain
circumstances, waiver, on or before the completion of the merger, of a number of conditions, including, but not limited to:
 

 •  the Merger Agreement must receive the requisite approval of Wolverine’s stockholders;
 

 •  approval of the merger by the appropriate regulatory authorities;
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the other party under the Merger Agreement (subject to the

materiality standards set forth in the Merger Agreement) as of the date of the Merger Agreement and as of effective
date of the merger;

 

 
•  the covenants made by the parties must have been fulfilled or complied with in all material respects at or prior to the

effective time of the merger;
 

 •  the parties must have received the respective closing deliveries of the other parties to the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the Registration Statement on Form S-4, of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, relating to the Horizon

shares to be issued pursuant to the Merger Agreement, must have been declared
 

 
9



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 19/188

Table of Contents

 
effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and no stop order suspending the effectiveness of the
Registration Statement shall have been issued or threatened by the SEC;

 

 
•  the boards of directors of Horizon and Wolverine must have received an opinion from their respective legal counsel

to the effect that the merger will qualify as a tax free “reorganization” for purposes of Section 368(a) of the Internal
Revenue Code, as amended (the “Code”);

 

 
•  as of the end of the month prior to the effective time of the merger, Wolverine’s consolidated stockholders’ equity, as

defined in the Merger Agreement and subject to the exceptions listed in the Merger Agreement, will not be less than
$62.8 million;

 

 
•  Wolverine Bank will have provided notice of termination to Fiserv Solutions, Inc. under that certain Master

Agreement, dated October 1, 2010 between Wolverine Bank and Fiserv Solutions, Inc., which relates to the data
processing services provided to Wolverine Bank;

 

 
•  the shares of Horizon common stock to be issued to Wolverine’s stockholders in the merger must have been

approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market;
 

 
•  David H. Dunn, Wolverine’s President and Chief Executive Officer, and Rick A. Rosinski, Wolverine’s Chief

Operating Officer, Treasurer, and Secretary, will have executed and delivered to Horizon mutual termination of
employment agreements and will have entered into new employment agreements with Horizon Bank;

 

 
•  Wolverine Bank must receive all necessary regulatory approvals for and pay to Wolverine, at least one business day

prior to the closing date of the merger, a cash dividend in the amount of Wolverine Bank’s excess capital as
determined and requested by Horizon; and

 

 
•  the absence of any applicable law or order prohibiting the merger, or the absence of any litigation seeking to prevent

the completion of the merger.

For a further description of the conditions necessary to the completion of the merger, see “The Merger Agreement –
 Conditions to the Merger” beginning on page 72. We cannot be certain when, or if, the conditions to the merger will be satisfied
or waived or that the merger will be completed.

Termination (page 76)

Horizon or Wolverine may mutually agree at any time to terminate the Merger Agreement without completing the
merger, even if Wolverine’s stockholders have approved it. Also, either party may decide, without the consent of the other party, to
terminate the Merger Agreement under specified circumstances, including if the merger is not consummated by May 31, 2018
(provided that the terminating party did not cause the failure of the merger to be consummated by that date), if the required
regulatory approvals are not received (provided that the terminating party has fulfilled its obligations under the Merger
Agreement), or if Wolverine’s stockholders do not approve the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting. In addition, either party
may terminate the Merger Agreement if there is a breach of the agreement by the other party that would cause the failure of
conditions to the terminating party’s obligation to close, unless the breach is capable of being cured and is cured within 20
business days of notice of the breach. Each party also has the right to terminate the Merger Agreement under certain conditions
related to Wolverine’s receipt of a third party proposal.

Additionally, Wolverine has the right to terminate the Merger Agreement during the five-day period following the date on
which all regulatory approvals and other approvals (disregarding any waiting period applicable to the regulatory approvals)
required for the merger are received if Horizon’s average common stock closing price is below $23.02 per share, and the
percentage decrease in stock price of Horizon from Horizon’s closing stock price on the date of the Merger Agreement is more
than 15% than the corresponding percentage performance of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index during the same
period. Horizon has the right to prevent Wolverine’s termination under these circumstances, however, by agreeing to increase the
exchange ratio pursuant to a formula set forth in the Merger Agreement.
 

 
10



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 20/188

Table of Contents

Termination Fee (page 78)

Wolverine is required to pay Horizon a $3,539,000 termination fee under the following circumstances:
 

 

•  if Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement because (i) Wolverine’s board of directors fails to include its
recommendation to approve the merger in the proxy statement/prospectus delivered to stockholders, (ii) Wolverine’s
board of directors has withdrawn, modified, or changed its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement,
(iii) Wolverine’s board of directors approves or publicly recommends an acquisition proposal with a third party, or
(iv) Wolverine has entered into or publicly announced an intention to enter into another acquisition proposal;

 

 

•  if (i) either party terminates the Merger Agreement because it is not approved by the requisite vote of the
stockholders of Wolverine at the Special Meeting, or Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement because a quorum
could not be convened at the Special Meeting or at a reconvened meeting held at any time prior to or on May 31,
2018, and (ii) prior to the date of such termination, Wolverine receives an acquisition proposal from a third party
and, prior to the date that is twelve months after such termination, Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries (including
Wolverine Bank) enters into any acquisition agreement with a third party or an acquisition proposal is consummated;

 

 

•  if either party terminates the Merger Agreement because the consummation of the merger has not occurred by
May 31, 2018, and (i) prior to the date of such termination an acquisition proposal was made by a third party, and
(ii) prior to the date that is twelve months after such termination, Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries (including
Wolverine Bank) enters into any acquisition agreement or any acquisition proposal is consummated;

 

 

•  if Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement because Wolverine breaches or fails to perform any of its
representations, warranties, or covenants , or because a “material adverse effect” (as defined in the Merger
Agreement”) with respect to Wolverine has occurred after the date of the Merger Agreement, and prior to the date
that is twelve months after such termination, Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries (including Wolverine Bank) enters
into any acquisition agreement with a third party or any acquisition proposal is consummated; or

 

 
•  Wolverine terminates the Merger Agreement because it receives a proposal, which its board of directors determines

is superior to the merger with Horizon and the Wolverine board approves such proposal or publicly announces its
intention to enter into an agreement with respect to such proposal.

Interests of Officers and Directors in the Merger that Are Different From Yours (page 80)

When Wolverine’s stockholders consider the recommendation of the Wolverine board of directors to approve the Merger
Agreement and the merger, you should be aware that certain of Wolverine’s directors and executive officers have interests in the
merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Wolverine’s stockholders generally that may present actual or
apparent conflicts of interest. Wolverine’s directors were aware of these interests and took them into account in approving the
Merger Agreement. These include: certain payments under mutual termination agreements for certain executive officers of
Wolverine related to the termination of their existing employment agreements, continued employment, including new employment
agreements, for certain executive officers of Wolverine, the assumption by Horizon of existing long-term incentive plans with two
executive officers of Wolverine, the appointment of one Wolverine board member to the boards of Horizon and Horizon Bank, the
formation of a Great Lakes Bay Region advisory board of directors, which may include representatives from the Wolverine or
Wolverine Bank boards of directors, and the continuation of director and officer indemnification and liability insurance
protections. See “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger” beginning on page 80.
 

 
11



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 21/188

Table of Contents

Accounting Treatment of the Merger (page 79)

The merger will be accounted for as a business combination in accordance with United States generally accepted
accounting principles.

Rights of Stockholders After the Merger (page 90)

When the merger is completed, Wolverine’s stockholders will become Horizon stockholders, and their rights then will be
governed by Horizon’s articles of incorporation and bylaws and applicable law. Horizon is organized under Indiana law and
Wolverine is organized under Maryland law. To review the differences in the rights of stockholders under each company’s
governing documents, see “Comparison of the Rights of Stockholders” beginning on page 90.

Material Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 85)

Horizon and Wolverine expect the merger to qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If the merger qualifies as a reorganization, then, in general, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes:
 

 

•  a holder of Wolverine common stock generally will recognize gain, but not loss, in an amount equal to the lesser of
(1) the amount of cash received, or (2) the amount of gain “realized” in the merger. The amount of gain a Wolverine
stockholder “realizes” will equal the amount by which (a) the cash plus the fair market value of the Horizon
common stock received, exceeds (b) the stockholder’s aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Wolverine common stock;
and

 

 
•  a Wolverine stockholder will recognize gain or loss, if any, on any fractional share of Horizon common stock for

which cash is received equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the Wolverine stockholder’s
allocable tax basis in the fractional share.

To review the tax consequences of the merger to Wolverine’s stockholders in greater detail, please see the section
“Material Federal Income Tax Consequences” beginning on page 85. Your tax consequences will depend on your individual
situation. Accordingly, we strongly urge you to consult your independent tax advisor for a full understanding of the
particular tax consequences of the merger to you.
 

 
12



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 22/188

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF HORIZON

The following data is derived from Horizon’s audited annual historical financial statements and its unaudited financial
statements at or for the periods indicated. Per share amounts have been adjusted to reflect all completed stock dividends and splits.
This information should be read in conjunction with “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto of Horizon incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. Results for past periods are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for any future period.
 

(in thousands, except per share
data)  

At or for the
Six Months Ended

June 30,   At or for the year ended December 31,  

      2017          2016      2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  

  (unaudited)   (unaudited)                 
Summary of Operations:        

Interest Income  $ 59,639  $ 48,178  $ 106,529  $ 88,588  $ 76,205  $ 74,886  $ 72,528 

Interest Expense   6,873   7,535   20,537   13,854   13,222   13,503   14,322 

Net Interest Income   52,766   40,643   85,992   74,734   62,983   61,383   58,206 

Provision for Loan Losses   660   764   1,842   3,162   3,058   1,920   3,524 

Net Interest Income after Provision for Loan
Losses   52,106   39,879   84,150   71,572   59,925   59,463   54,682 

Non-Interest Income   15,771   16,653   35,455   28,434   24,872   24,690   26,394 

Non-Interest Expense   44,009   40,222   86,892   72,225   60,541   57,229   53,087 

Income Before Income Taxes   23,868   16,310   32,713   27,781   24,256   26,924   27,989 

Income Tax Expense   6,572   4,603   8,801   7,232   6,155   7,048   8,446 

Net Income   17,296   11,707   23,912   20,549   18,101   19,876   19,543 
Net Income Available to Common Shareholders  $ 17,296  $ 11,665  $ 23,870  $ 20,424  $ 17,968  $ 19,506  $ 19,062 
                             

Period-End Balances:        

Total Assets  $     3,321,178  $     2,918,080  $     3,141,156  $     2,652,401  $     2,076,922  $     1,758,276  $     1,848,227 

Total Loans, Net   2,252,697   1,923,599   2,121,149   1,734,597   1,362,053   1,052,836   1,172,447 

Total Deposits   2,418,783   2,082,261   2,471,210   1,880,153   1,482,319   1,291,520   1,294,153 

Total Borrowings   485,304   492,883   304,945   482,144   383,840   288,782   378,095 

Total Shareholders’ Equity  $ 357,259  $ 281,002  $ 340,855  $ 266,832  $ 194,414  $ 164,520  $ 158,968 
                             

Per Share Data:        

Basic Earnings Per Share(1)  $ 0.78  $ 0.65  $ 1.19  $ 1.30  $ 1.32  $ 1.51  $ 1.59 

Diluted Earnings Per Share(1)   0.77   0.64   1.19   1.26   1.27   1.45   1.53 

Cash Dividends(1)   0.24   0.20   0.41   0.39   0.34   0.28   0.25 
Book Value Per Common Share at Period-End(1)  $ 16.11  $ 14.90  $ 15.37  $ 14.20  $ 13.17  $ 11.76  $ 11.33 
 
(1) Adjusted for 3:2 stock splits on November 14, 2016 and November 13, 2012.
 

 
13



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 23/188

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF WOLVERINE

The following table provides historical consolidated summary financial data for Wolverine. The data at or for the years
ended December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are derived from Wolverine’s audited financial statements for the years
then ended. The financial information at or for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and June 30, 2016 is derived from unaudited
financial statements and, in the opinion of Wolverine’s management, reflects all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring
adjustments, necessary for a fair presentation of this data at and for those dates. You should not assume the results of operations
for any past periods indicate results for any future period. You should read this information in conjunction with Wolverine’s
consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in this proxy statement/prospectus beginning on page F-1, and
in conjunction with Wolverine’s “Additional Information About Wolverine – Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations of Wolverine” beginning on page 135.
 

(in thousands, except per share and
ratio data)   

At or for the
Six Months Ended

June 30,    At or for the year ended December 31,  

       2017          2016       2016   2015    2014    2013    2012  
   (unaudited)  (unaudited)                    
Selected Financial Condition Data:             

Total Assets   $     385,889  $     378,757   $     434,435  $     417,813   $     336,624   $     297,761   $     285,281 

Cash and cash equivalents    62,148   19,298    103,634   52,865    29,686    26,181    16,552 

Loans, net    314,432   331,830    320,606   314,613    296,477    259,381    253,838 

Deposits    262,673   264,501    280,548   281,701    223,529    172,983    158,564 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances    42,000   47,000    60,000   47,000    50,000    61,994    61,926 

Stockholders’ equity    62,213   62,694    60,974   60,480    61,538    60,325    62,447 

Selected Operating Data:             

Interest and dividend income   $ 8,478  $ 8,230   $ 16,819  $ 15,616   $ 14,607   $ 13,402   $ 14,156 

Interest expense    1,929   1,940    3,883   3,451    3,144    3,190    3,740 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Net interest income    6,549   6,290    12,936   12,165    11,463    10,212    10,416 

Provision (credit) for loan losses    (2,050)   (200)    (760)   800    1,020    830    2,205 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Net interest income after provision (credit) for loan
losses    8,599   6,490    13,696   11,365    10,443    9,382    8,211 

Noninterest income    467   561    1,057   1,223    1,682    1,975    2,892 

Noninterest expense    4,822   3,790    7,996   7,858    8,016    8,994    8,710 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Income before income taxes    4,244   3,261    6,757   4,730    4,109    2,363    2,393 

Provisions for income taxes    1,636   1,110    2,404   1,544    1,426    804    837 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Net income   $ 2,608  $ 2,151   $ 4,353  $ 3,186   $ 2,683   $ 1,559   $ 1,556 
    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 

 
14



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 24/188

Table of Contents

   

At or for the
Six Months Ended

June 30,   At or for the year ended December 31,  

       2017          2016      2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
   (unaudited)  (unaudited)                
Selected Financial Ratios and

Other Data:         

Net interest margin(1)    3.39%   3.26%   3.38%   3.39%   3.49%   3.60%   3.74% 

Efficiency ratio(2)    68.73   55.32   57.14   58.69   60.98   73.80   65.45 

Dividend payout ratio    61   N/A   73   63   47   58   159 

Noninterest expense to average total
assets    2.58   1.96   2.09   2.19   2.44   3.10   3.04 

Average interest-earning assets to
average interest-bearing
liabilities    119.01   117.97   118.56   119.50   121.26   126.04   127.38 

Loans to deposits        122.48       129.17       117.60       115.25       136.20       154.34       164.29 

Basic earnings per share   $ 1.32  $ 1.07  $ 2.20  $ 1.57  $ 1.28  $ 0.69  $ 0.63 

Diluted earnings per share   $ 1.28  $ 1.05  $ 2.16  $ 1.55  $ 1.27  $ 0.69  $ 0.63 

Book value per share   $ 29.54  $ 29.23  $ 28.95  $ 28.03  $ 27.18  $ 26.25  $ 25.39 

Performance Ratios:         

Return on assets (ratio of net income
to average total assets)    1.39%   1.11%   1.14%   0.89%   0.82%   0.54%   0.54% 

Return on equity (ratio of net income
to average equity)    8.37   6.98   7.00   5.17   4.39   2.48   2.39 

Interest rate spread(3)    3.27   3.13   3.25   3.27   3.36   3.30   3.37 

Asset Quality Ratios:         

Nonperforming assets to total assets    1.24   1.95   1.49   1.79   2.77   2.38   3.95 

Nonperforming loans to total loans    1.43   2.16   1.93   2.26   2.95   2.32   4.00 

Allowance for loan losses to
nonperforming loans    155.90   137.42   146.34   137.20   88.82   122.39   63.96 

Allowance for loan losses to total
loans    2.27   2.87   2.82   3.09   2.61   2.83   2.54 

Capital Ratios:         

Average equity to average assets    16.65   15.95   16.24   17.17   18.58   21.60   21.71 

Equity to total assets at end of period    16.12   16.55   14.04   14.48   18.28   20.26   21.89 

Total capital to risk-weighted
assets(4)    21.54   21.95   22.02   20.70   22.69   25.90   26.04 

Tier 1 common equity capital to risk-
weighted assets(4)    20.28   20.67   20.75   19.45   21.43   24.60   24.77 

Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted
assets(4)    20.28   20.67   20.75   19.45   21.43   24.60   24.77 

Tier 1 capital to average assets(4)    16.98   16.00   16.25   16.14   17.55   19.60   20.26 
 
(1) Represents net interest income as a percent of average interest-earning assets for the year.
(2) Represents noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income.
(3) Represents the difference between the weighted-average yield on interest-earning assets and the weighted-average cost of interest-bearing liabilities for the

year.
(4) Represents capital ratios of Wolverine Bank.
 

 
15



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 25/188

Table of Contents

Per Share Equivalent Information

The following table sets forth the book value per share, cash dividends per share, and basic and diluted earnings per
common share data for each of Horizon and Wolverine on a historical basis, for Horizon on a pro forma combined basis, and on a
pro forma combined basis per Wolverine equivalent share.

The pro forma data gives effect to: (i) the acquisition by Horizon of Lafayette Community Bancorp (“LFCB”); (ii) the
issuance of a number of shares of Horizon common stock to the shareholders of LFCB in connection with that acquisition; (iii) the
proposed acquisition of Wolverine; and (iv) the proposed issuance of a number of shares of Horizon common stock and cash to the
stockholders of Wolverine in connection with the merger. For purposes of presenting pro forma basic and diluted earnings per
share, cash dividends per share, and book value per share, the comparative pro forma data assumes that the Wolverine acquisition
and the merger of Horizon and Wolverine were effective on December 31, 2016 and June 30, 2017, as applicable. The data in the
column “Pro Forma Equivalent Per Wolverine Share” shows the effect of the merger from the perspective of an owner of
Wolverine common stock, and was obtained by multiplying the Combined Pro Forma Amounts for Horizon by the exchange ratio
of 1.0152. The pro forma financial information in the table below is provided for illustrative purposes, does not include any
projected cost savings, revenue enhancements, or other possible financial benefits of the merger to the combined company, and
does not attempt to suggest or predict future results.

This information does not purport to reflect what the historical results of the combined company would have been had
Wolverine and Horizon been combined during these periods.
 

  
Horizon

Historical  

Adjusted
Horizon

Historical(1)  
Wolverine
Historical   

Combined
Pro Forma

Amounts for
Horizon   

Pro
Forma

Equivalent
Per

Wolverine
Share  

Book value per share:      
at June 30, 2017  $     16.11  $     16.22  $     29.54  $     17.30  $     17.56 
at December 31, 2016  $ 15.37  $ 16.25  $ 28.95  $ 17.33  $ 17.60 

Cash dividends per share:      
Six months ended June 30, 2017  $ 0.24  $ 0.23   –  $ 0.21  $ 0.21 
Year ended December 31, 2016(2)  $ 0.41  $ 0.39  $ 1.60  $ 0.35  $ 0.36 

Basic earnings per share:      
Six months ended June 30, 2017  $ 0.78  $ 0.76  $ 1.32  $ 0.80  $ 0.81 
Year ended December 31, 2016(2)  $ 1.19  $ 1.17  $ 2.20  $ 1.25  $ 1.27 

Diluted earnings per share:      
Six months ended June 30, 2017  $ 0.77  $ 0.76  $ 1.28  $ 0.80  $ 0.81 
Year ended December 31, 2016(2)  $ 1.19  $ 1.17  $ 2.16  $ 1.25  $ 1.27 

 
 (1) Financial data as of and for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and year ended December 31, 2016 gives effect to the acquisition of LFCB.
 (2) Gives effect to 3:2 stock split on November 14, 2016.
 

 
16



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 26/188

Table of Contents

Market Prices and Share Information

Horizon common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HBNC.” Wolverine common
stock is listed on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the symbol “WBKC.” The following table lists the high and low prices per
share for Horizon common stock and Wolverine common stock and the cash dividends declared by each company for the periods
indicated.
 
   Horizon Common Stock    Wolverine Common Stock  
     High       Low       Dividends(1)       High       Low      Dividends   
Quarter Ended            
September 30, 2017 (through August 24, 2017)   $27.00   $25.29   $ 0.13    $41.12   $38.47   – 
June 30, 2017    28.20    24.54    0.11    $40.15   $29.91  $ 0.80 
March 31, 2017    28.63    24.20    0.11    $35.00   $31.01   – 
December 31, 2016    28.55    17.70    0.10    $32.95   $26.24  $ 1.60 
September 30, 2016    20.05    16.51    0.10    $27.50   $25.44   – 
June 30, 2016    16.81    15.83    0.10    $27.00   $25.50   – 
March 31, 2016    18.65    14.61    0.10    $27.41   $25.50   – 
December 31, 2015    19.46    15.16    0.10    $27.73   $25.37  $ 1.00 
September 30, 2015    17.56    13.67    0.10    $26.65   $25.00   – 
June 30, 2015    17.46    15.14    0.09    $26.75   $24.50   – 
March 31, 2015    17.51    14.64    0.09    $24.45   $23.44   – 
 
(1) Gives effect to 3:2 stock split on November 14, 2016.

You should obtain current market quotations for Horizon and Wolverine common stock, as the market price of Horizon
common stock will fluctuate between the date of this document and the date on which the merger is completed, and thereafter. You
can get these quotations on the internet, from a newspaper, or by calling your broker.

As of August 10, 2017, there were approximately 600 holders of record of Wolverine common stock. This does not
reflect the number of persons or entities who may hold their stock in nominee or “street name” through brokerage firms.

Following the merger, the declaration of dividends will be at the discretion of Horizon’s board of directors and will be
determined after consideration of various factors, including earnings, cash requirements, the financial condition of Horizon,
applicable state law and government regulations, and other factors deemed relevant by Horizon’s board of directors.

The following table shows (i) the closing market prices of Horizon common stock as quoted on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market and of Wolverine common stock as quoted on the NASDAQ Capital Market on June 13, 2017, the last business day
prior to the announcement of the merger, and on August 24, 2017, the most recent date practicable preceding the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and (ii) the equivalent pro forma value of a share of Wolverine common stock at such dates based on the
value of the consideration to be received in the merger with respect to each share. The equivalent prices per share of Wolverine
common stock were calculated by multiplying the market price of Horizon common stock by 1.0152, which is the exchange ratio
for the merger (subject to adjustment), and by adding the per share cash consideration of $14.00. All amounts in the table below
are presented in dollars per share.
 

   
Horizon

    Common Stock      
Wolverine

    Common Stock      

    Equivalent Pro Forma    
Per Share of Wolverine

Common Stock
June 13, 2017   $27.50   $31.95   $41.92
August 24, 2017   $25.78   $39.57   $40.17
 

 
17



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 27/188

Table of Contents

Recent Developments of Horizon

On May 23, 2017, Horizon announced that it entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger to acquire LFCB. LFCB is a
one-bank holding company headquartered in Lafayette, Indiana with total assets of $167.7 million as of June 30, 2017. LFCB
owns 100% of the capital stock of its subsidiary bank, Lafayette Community Bank (“LCB”), an Indiana-chartered commercial
bank, which was established in 2000 and offers a full range of banking services and products with four branch locations serving
Lafayette, Tippecanoe County, and the surrounding area. Pursuant to the transaction, LFCB will merge with and into Horizon, with
Horizon as the surviving corporation. Immediately following the merger, LCB will merge with and into Horizon Bank, with
Horizon Bank as the surviving bank.

Upon completion of the merger with LFCB, each LFCB shareholder will have the right to receive fixed consideration of
$1.73 per share in cash and 0.5878 shares of Horizon common stock for each share of LFCB’s common stock. Based on Horizon’s
August 24, 2017 closing price of $25.78 per share as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the transaction value is
estimated at approximately $32.4 million. The parties anticipate completing this merger in the third quarter of 2017.
 

 
18



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 28/188

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus (see
“Where You Can Find More Information” on page 151), including the risk factors included in Horizon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2016 and subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, you should consider carefully the risk factors
described below in deciding how to vote. You should keep these risk factors in mind when you read forward-looking statements in this
document and in the documents incorporated by reference into this document. Please refer to the section of this proxy
statement/prospectus titled “Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking Statements” on page 23.

Fluctuations in the market price of Horizon’s common stock may cause the value of the stock portion of the merger consideration
to decrease.

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Wolverine common stock will be converted into the right to receive 1.0152
shares of Horizon common stock and $14.00 in cash. The market value of the merger consideration may vary from the closing price of
Horizon common stock on the date the merger was announced, on the date that this document was mailed to Wolverine’s stockholders,
on the date of the Special Meeting of Wolverine’s stockholders, and on the date Horizon and Wolverine complete the merger and
thereafter. While Wolverine will have the right to terminate the merger agreement in the event of a specified decline in the market value
of Horizon common stock relative to the value of a designated market index unless Horizon elects to increase the aggregate merger
consideration (see “The Merger Agreement – Termination”), neither company is otherwise permitted to terminate the Merger
Agreement or resolicit the vote of Wolverine’s stockholders solely because of changes in the market price of Horizon’s stock. Any
change in the market price of Horizon’s common stock prior to the completion of the merger will affect the market value of the merger
consideration that Wolverine’s stockholders will receive upon completion of the merger. Accordingly, at the time of the Wolverine
Special Meeting, Wolverine’s stockholders will not necessarily know, or be able to calculate with certainty, the market value of the
merger consideration they will receive upon completion of the merger. Stock price changes may result from a variety of factors,
including general market and economic conditions, changes in Horizon’s business, operations, and prospects, and regulatory
considerations. Many of these factors are beyond the control of Horizon. You should obtain current market quotations for shares of
Horizon common stock before you vote.

The merger is subject to the receipt of consents and approvals from governmental and regulatory entities that may impose
conditions that could have an adverse effect on Horizon.

Before the merger can be completed, Horizon must receive a waiver from the FRB of the application requirements for the
merger of Wolverine into Horizon, and both the FDIC and IDFI must approve the merger of Wolverine Bank into Horizon Bank. The
FDIC and IDFI will consider, among other factors, the competitive impact of the holding company merger and the bank merger, the
financial and managerial resources of Horizon and Wolverine and their subsidiary banks, and the convenience and needs of the
communities to be served. As part of that consideration, we expect that the FDIC and IDFI will review issues related to capital
position, safety and soundness, and legal and regulatory compliance, including compliance with anti-money laundering laws. Horizon
has received confirmation from the FRB that no formal application was required to be submitted to the FRB for the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, but instead, Horizon could submit a waiver request. There can be no assurance as to whether
these and other regulatory approvals will be received, the timing of those approvals, or whether any conditions will be imposed in
connection with such approvals.

Additionally, these governmental entities may impose conditions on the completion of the merger or require changes to the
terms of the merger. Such conditions or changes could have the effect of delaying completion of the merger or imposing additional
costs on, or limiting the revenues of, Horizon following the merger, any of which might have an adverse effect on Horizon following
the merger.

The Merger Agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and the merger may not be completed, which could have a
negative impact on Wolverine.

The Merger Agreement with Horizon is subject to a number of conditions that must be fulfilled in order to close. Those
conditions include: approval by the stockholders of Wolverine, regulatory approval, the continued
 

19



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 29/188

Table of Contents

accuracy of certain representations and warranties by both parties (subject to the materiality standards set forth in the Merger
Agreement), and the performance by both parties of certain covenants and agreements. In addition, certain circumstances exist in
which Wolverine may terminate the merger, including by accepting a superior proposal or by electing to terminate if Horizon’s stock
price declines below a specified level. There can be no assurance that the conditions to closing the merger will be fulfilled or that the
merger will be completed.

If the Merger Agreement is terminated, there may be various consequences to Wolverine, including:
 

 
•  Wolverine’s business may have been adversely impacted by the failure to pursue other beneficial opportunities due to the

focus of management on the merger, without realizing any of the anticipated benefits of completing the merger;
 

 
•  Wolverine may have incurred substantial expenses in connection with the merger, without realizing any of the

anticipated benefits of completing the merger; and
 

 
•  The market price of Wolverine common stock might decline to the extent that Wolverine’s market price following

announcement of the merger reflects a market assumption that the merger will be completed.

If the Merger Agreement is terminated and Wolverine’s board of directors approves another merger or business combination,
under certain circumstances Wolverine may be required to pay Horizon a $3,539,000 termination fee. Wolverine’s stockholders cannot
be certain that Wolverine will be able to find a party willing to pay an equivalent or more attractive price than the price Horizon has
agreed to pay in the merger.

Wolverine’s stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest after the merger and will exercise less influence over
management.

Wolverine’s stockholders currently have the right to vote in the election of the Wolverine board of directors and on other
significant matters affecting Wolverine, such as the proposed merger with Horizon. When the merger occurs, each Wolverine
stockholder will become a stockholder of Horizon with a percentage ownership of the combined organization that is much smaller than
the stockholder’s percentage ownership of Wolverine. In addition, on May 23, 2017, Horizon announced that it entered into an
Agreement and Plan of Merger to acquire LFCB. Under the terms of that merger agreement, upon the completion of that merger each
LFCB shareholder will have the right to receive fixed consideration of $1.73 per share in cash and 0.5878 shares of Horizon common
stock for each share of LFCB’s common stock. See “Summary – Recent Developments of Horizon” on page 18 above. The issuance of
Horizon shares in the LFCB transaction will be further dilutive to the Wolverine stockholders. Based on the anticipated number of
Horizon common shares to be issued in the merger, and assuming the completion of Horizon’s merger with LFCB, it is anticipated that
the Wolverine stockholders will only own approximately 9.96% of all of the outstanding shares of Horizon’s common stock following
the merger. Because of this, Wolverine’s stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of Horizon than they
now have on the management and policies of Wolverine. Furthermore, stockholders of Horizon do not have preemptive or similar
rights, and therefore, Horizon can sell additional voting securities in the future without offering them to the former Wolverine
stockholders, which would further reduce their ownership percentage in, and voting control over, Horizon.

Horizon may be unable to successfully integrate Wolverine Bank’s operations and retain Wolverine Bank’s employees.

Immediately after the closing of the merger, Wolverine Bank will be merged with and into Horizon Bank. The possible
difficulties of merging the operations of Wolverine Bank with Horizon Bank include:
 

 •  integrating personnel with diverse business backgrounds;
 

 •  combining different corporate cultures;
 

 •  integrating systems; and
 

 •  retaining key employees and customers.
 

20



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 30/188

Table of Contents

The process of integrating operations could cause an interruption of, or loss of momentum in, the activities of one or more of
Horizon, Horizon Bank, or Wolverine Bank, and the loss of key personnel and/or customers. The merger of Wolverine Bank with
Horizon Bank will benefit greatly from the experience and expertise of certain key employees of Wolverine Bank who are expected to
be retained by Horizon. However, there can be no assurances that Horizon will be successful in retaining these employees for the time
period necessary to integrate Wolverine Bank into Horizon Bank at the level desired by Horizon. The diversion of management’s
attention and any delays or difficulties encountered in connection with the merger and integration of Wolverine Bank into Horizon
Bank could have an adverse effect on the business and results of operations of Horizon or Horizon Bank, and, therefore, its stock price.

Horizon may be unable to retain Wolverine’s customers or grow the Wolverine business.

Wolverine operates in geographic markets and with customers primarily located in or near Midland and Saginaw Counties in
the Great Lakes Bay Region of Northeastern Michigan. Horizon’s markets and customers are located primarily in Northern and Central
Indiana and Southwest Michigan. Although Horizon is not anticipating major differences between the preferences of Wolverine’s
customers compared to Horizon’s customers, any time there is a change in products, services, ownership, or management of a bank,
there is a risk that customers may seek to obtain some or all of their banking products and services from other banks. Horizon believes
that the desire of Wolverine’s customers to seek products or services elsewhere as a result of the merger will be lessened by the fact
that certain key employees of Wolverine will be continuing with the bank after the merger.

The fairness opinion delivered to Wolverine’s board of directors before the execution of the Merger Agreement does not reflect
changes in circumstances subsequent to the date of the fairness opinion.

The fairness opinion of KBW was delivered to Wolverine’s board of directors on June 13, 2017 and speaks only as of such
date. Changes in operations and prospects of Horizon and Wolverine, general market and economic conditions, and other factors both
within and outside of Horizon’s and Wolverine’s control may significantly alter the relative value of the companies by the time the
merger is completed. KBW’s opinion does not speak as of the time the merger will be completed or as of any date other than the date of
such opinion.

The termination fee and the restrictions on solicitation contained in the Merger Agreement may discourage other companies from
attempting to acquire Wolverine.

Until the completion of the merger, with some exceptions, Wolverine is prohibited from soliciting, initiating, encouraging, or
participating in any discussion of, or otherwise considering, any inquiries or proposals that may lead to an acquisition proposal, such as
a merger or other business combination transaction, with any person or entity other than Horizon. In addition, Wolverine has agreed to
pay a termination fee of $3,539,000 to Horizon if Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement after the board of directors of Wolverine
withdraws, modifies, or changes its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement or approves or recommends an alternate
acquisition transaction with a third party, or if Wolverine terminates the Merger Agreement after approving a third party proposal.
These provisions could discourage other companies from trying to acquire Wolverine even though such other companies might be
willing to offer greater value to Wolverine’s stockholders than Horizon has offered in the Merger Agreement. The payment of the
termination fee also could have a material adverse effect on Wolverine’s financial condition.

Certain of Wolverine’s officers and directors have interests that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Wolverine’s
stockholders generally.

Certain of Wolverine’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to,
the interests of Wolverine’s stockholders generally that may present actual or apparent conflicts of interest. Wolverine’s directors were
aware of these interests and took them into account in approving the Merger Agreement. These include: certain payments under mutual
termination agreements for certain executive officers of Wolverine related to the termination of their existing employment agreements,
continued employment, including new employment agreements, for certain executive officers of Wolverine, the assumption by Horizon
of existing long-term incentive plans with two executive officers of Wolverine, the appointments of
 

21



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 31/188

Table of Contents

one Wolverine board member to the boards of Horizon and Horizon Bank, the formation of a Great Lakes Bay Region advisory board
of directors, which may include representatives from the Wolverine or Wolverine Bank boards of directors, and the continuation of
director and officer indemnification and liability insurance protections. See “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in
the Merger” beginning on page 80.

The merger may fail to qualify as a reorganization for federal tax purposes, resulting in the recognition by Wolverine’s stockholders
of taxable gain or loss in respect of their Wolverine shares.

Horizon and Wolverine intend the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Although the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) will not provide a ruling on the matter, Horizon and Wolverine, as a condition to
closing, will each obtain an opinion from their respective legal counsel that the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the
meaning of Code Section 368(a) for federal tax purposes. This opinion does not bind the IRS or prevent the IRS from adopting a
contrary position. If the merger fails to qualify as a reorganization, a Wolverine stockholder generally would recognize gain or loss in
an amount equal to the difference between (1) the sum of the amount of cash and the aggregate fair market value of the Horizon
common stock received in the exchange, and (2) the Wolverine stockholder’s aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Wolverine common
stock surrendered in the exchange. Furthermore, if the merger fails to qualify as a reorganization, Horizon, as successor to Wolverine,
may incur a significant tax liability since the merger would be treated as a taxable sale of Wolverine’s assets for U.S. federal income
tax purposes.

The shares of Horizon common stock to be received by Wolverine stockholders as a result of the merger will have different rights
from the shares of Wolverine common stock.

The rights associated with Wolverine’s common stock are different from the rights associated with Horizon’s common stock.
See the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Comparison of the Rights of Stockholders” (beginning on page 90) for a
discussion of the different rights associated with Horizon’s and Wolverine’s common stock.

Each party is subject to business uncertainties and contractual restrictions while the merger is pending, which could adversely
affect each party’s business and operations.

In connection with the pendency of the merger, it is possible that some customers and other persons with whom Horizon or
Wolverine has a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might seek to terminate, change, or renegotiate
their relationships with Horizon or Wolverine, as the case may be, as a result of the merger, which could negatively affect Horizon’s or
Wolverine’s respective revenues, earnings, and cash flows, as well as the market price of Horizon common stock or Wolverine
common stock, regardless of whether the merger is completed. In addition, under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Wolverine is
subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business prior to completing the merger, which may adversely affect its ability to
execute certain of its business strategies, including the ability in certain cases to enter into or amend contracts, acquire or dispose of
assets, incur indebtedness, or make capital expenditures. Such limitations could negatively affect Wolverine’s business and operations
prior to the completion of the merger.
 

22



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 32/188

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement/prospectus contains forward-looking statements that have been made pursuant to the provisions of, and
in reliance on the safe harbor under, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (the “Reform Act”). Forward-looking
statements include statements with respect to management’s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, assumptions,
estimates, intentions, and future performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may be
beyond the control of Horizon and Wolverine, and which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially
different from future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.

In addition, certain statements may be contained in the future filings of Horizon and Wolverine with the SEC, in press
releases, and in oral and written statements made by or with the approval of Horizon or Wolverine that are not statements of historical
fact and constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Reform Act. Examples of such forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to:
 

 
•  statements about the benefits of the merger between Horizon and Wolverine, including future financial and operating

results, cost savings, enhanced revenues and accretion to reported earnings that may be realized from the merger;
 

 •  statements of plans, objectives, and expectations of Horizon or Wolverine or their managements or boards of directors;
 

 •  statements of future economic performance; and
 

 •  statements of assumptions underlying such statements.

All statements other than statements of historical fact are statements that could be forward-looking statements. Words such as
“believe,” “contemplate,” “seek,” “estimate,” “plan,” “project,” “anticipate,” “assume,” “expect,” “intend,” “targeted,” “continue,”
“remain,” “will,” “should,” “indicate,” “would,” “may,” and other similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
statements but are not the exclusive means of identifying such statements. Forward-looking statements provide current expectations or
forecasts of future events and are not guarantees of future performance, nor should they be relied upon as representing management’s
views as of any subsequent date. The forward-looking statements are based on management’s expectations and are subject to a number
of risks and uncertainties.

Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties, and
assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or
forecasted in such forward-looking statements. In addition to factors previously disclosed in Horizon’s and Wolverine’s reports filed
with the SEC, factors that could cause actual results to differ from those discussed in the forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to:
 

 
•  the risk that the businesses of Horizon and Wolverine will not be integrated successfully or such integration may be

more difficult, time-consuming, or costly than expected;
 

 
•  expected revenue synergies and cost savings from the merger may not be fully realized or realized within the expected

time frame;
 

 •  revenues or earnings following the merger may be lower than expected;
 

 
•  deposit attrition, operating costs, customer loss, and business disruption following the merger, including, without

limitation, difficulties in maintaining relationships with employees, may be greater than expected;
 

 •  the inability to obtain governmental approvals of the merger on the proposed terms and schedule;
 

 •  the failure of Wolverine’s stockholders to approve the merger;
 

 
•  local, regional, national, and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on Horizon and Wolverine

and their customers and Horizon’s and Wolverine’s assessment of that impact;
 

23



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 33/188

Table of Contents

 •  changes in the level of non-performing assets, delinquent loans, and charge-offs;
 

 •  material changes in the value of Horizon’s common stock;
 

 
•  changes in estimates of future reserve requirements based upon the periodic review thereof under relevant regulatory and

accounting requirements;
 

 
•  the risk that management’s assumptions and estimates used in applying critical accounting policies prove unreliable,

inaccurate, or not predictive of actual results;
 

 •  inflation, interest rate, securities market, and monetary fluctuations;
 

 •  changes in interest rates, spreads on earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, and interest rate sensitivity;
 

 •  prepayment speeds, loan originations, and credit losses;
 

 •  sources of liquidity;
 

 
•  competitive pressures among depository and other financial institutions may increase and have an effect on pricing,

spending, third-party relationships, and revenues;
 

 
•  changes in laws and regulations (including laws and regulations concerning taxes, banking, and securities) with which

Horizon and Wolverine must comply;
 

 
•  the effects of, and changes in, trade, monetary, and fiscal policies and laws, including interest rate policies of the Federal

Reserve Board;
 

 •  Horizon’s and Wolverine’s common shares outstanding and common stock price volatility;
 

 
•  legislation affecting the financial services industry as a whole, and/or Horizon and Wolverine and their subsidiaries,

individually or collectively;
 

 •  governmental and public policy changes;
 

 
•  financial resources in the amounts, at the times, and on the terms required to support Horizon’s and Wolverine’s future

businesses; and
 

 
•  the impact on Horizon’s or Wolverine’s businesses, as well as on the risks set forth above, of various domestic or

international military or terrorist activities or conflicts.

Additional factors that could cause Horizon’s and Wolverine’s results to differ materially from those described in the forward-
looking statements can be found in Horizon’s and Wolverine’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, and
Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the proposed
transaction or other matters and attributable to Horizon or Wolverine or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in
their entirety by the cautionary statements referenced above. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such
statements are made. Horizon and Wolverine undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or
circumstances after the date on which such statement is made, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events.

We caution you not to place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements.
 

24



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 34/188

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF WOLVERINE’S STOCKHOLDERS

General

This document is being delivered to Wolverine stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the board of
directors of Wolverine to be voted at the Special Meeting of Wolverine’s stockholders. This document and the enclosed form of proxy
are being sent to Wolverine’s stockholders on or about September 1, 2017.

Date, Place, and Time

The Special Meeting will be held on Tuesday, October 3, 2017 at 3:00 p.m., local time, at The Midland Center for the Arts,
Auditorium Lobby, located at 1801 West St. Andrews, Midland Michigan, and at any adjournment or postponement of that meeting.

Purpose of the Meeting

The Special Meeting is being held:
 

 
•  To approve and adopt the Merger Agreement by and between Horizon and Wolverine, pursuant to which Wolverine will

merge with and into Horizon, and the merger;
 

 •  To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal;
 

 •  To approve the Adjournment Proposal; and
 

 
•  To transact such other business as may properly come before the Special Meeting or any adjournment of the Special

Meeting.

Wolverine’s board of directors and management is not aware of any other matters to be presented at the meeting other than
those mentioned above and has not received notice from any stockholders requesting that other matters be considered. However, if any
other business is properly presented before the Special Meeting and may properly be voted upon, the proxies solicited hereby will be
voted on such matters in accordance with the best judgment of the proxy holders named therein.

A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Appendix A to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Recommendation of Wolverine’s Board of Directors

The board of directors of Wolverine unanimously voted in favor of the Merger Agreement and the merger. Wolverine’s board
of directors believes that the Merger Agreement, the merger, and the transactions contemplated thereby are in the best interests of
Wolverine and its stockholders, and recommends that Wolverine’s stockholders vote:
 

 •  “FOR” the approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the merger;
 

 •  “FOR” the approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal; and
 

 •  “FOR” the approval of the Adjournment Proposal.

Record Date and Voting

The close of business on August 10, 2017 has been selected as the record date for the determination of Wolverine’s
stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Special Meeting. On that date, 2,105,981 shares of Wolverine’s common stock, par
value $0.01 per share, were outstanding. Stockholders will be entitled to one vote for each share of Wolverine’s common stock held by
them of record at the close of business on the record date on any matter that may be presented for consideration and action by the
stockholders. The presence, in person or represented by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Wolverine’s
common stock will constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Special Meeting.

You may vote in one of four ways: (1) by mail (by completing and signing the proxy card that accompanies this proxy
statement/prospectus); (2) by telephone; (3) by using the Internet; and (4) in person (by either delivering the completed proxy card or
by casting a ballot if attending the Special Meeting. If your shares are held by a broker or other nominee, you must obtain a proxy from
the broker or nominee giving you the right
 

25



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 35/188

Table of Contents

to vote the shares at the Special Meeting. If you plan to attend the Special Meeting, you must hold your shares in your own name or
have a letter from the record holder of your shares confirming your ownership and you must bring photo identification with you in
order to be admitted. We reserve the right to refuse admittance to anyone without proper proof of share ownership and without proper
photo identification.

All proxies properly submitted in time to be counted at the Special Meeting will be voted in accordance with the instructions
contained in the proxy. If you submit a proxy without voting instructions, the proxies named in the proxy will vote on your behalf for
each matter described above in accordance with the recommendations of the Wolverine board of directors on all the proposals as set
forth in this proxy statement/prospectus and on any other matters in accordance with their best judgment.

If you have shares held by a broker or other nominee, you may instruct the broker or other nominee to vote your shares by
following the instructions the broker or other nominee provides to you. Proxies solicited by this proxy statement/prospectus may be
exercised only at the Special Meeting and any adjournment or postponement thereof and will not be used for any other meeting.

Vote Required

The following votes will be required to approve the proposals:
 

 
•  The approval and adoption of the Merger Agreement and the merger (Proposal No. 1) requires the affirmative vote of a

majority of the outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock entitled to vote at the Special Meeting; and
 

 
•  The Merger-Related Compensation Proposal (Proposal No. 2) and the Adjournment Proposal (Proposal No. 3) each

requires that more votes be cast in favor of the proposal than against the proposal.

Abstentions and “broker non-votes” (described below) are counted to determine the presence or absence of a quorum but are
not considered votes cast. The required vote of Wolverine’s stockholders on the Merger Agreement is based on the number of
outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock and not the number of shares that are actually voted. Accordingly, the failure
to submit a proxy card or to vote in person at the Special Meeting, or the abstention from voting by a Wolverine stockholder, or
the failure of any Wolverine stockholder who holds shares in “street name” through a bank or broker to give voting
instructions to such bank or broker (thereby resulting in a “broker non-vote”), will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST”
the Merger Agreement. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be included in the vote count on the Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal or the Adjournment Proposal.

A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker submits a proxy that does not indicate a vote on a proposal because the broker has
not received instructions from the beneficial owners on how to vote on such proposal and the broker does not have discretionary
authority to vote in the absence of instructions. Brokers generally have the authority to vote, even though they have not received
instructions, on matters that are considered “routine.” However, under relevant stock exchange rules, the Merger Agreement proposal,
the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and the Adjournment Proposal to be considered at the Special Meeting are not considered
routine matters and brokers are not entitled to vote shares held for a beneficial owner on these matters without instructions from the
beneficial owner of the shares. To avoid a broker non-vote of your shares, you must provide voting instructions to your broker or
other nominee.

Shares Held by Officers and Directors

As of the record date:
 

 
•  Wolverine’s directors and executive officers and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote 216,293 shares of

Wolverine common stock, representing approximately 10.3% of the outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock; and
 

 
•  Horizon’s directors and executive officers and their affiliates owned and were entitled to vote less than 1% of the

outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock. Horizon owns no shares of Wolverine common stock.
 

26



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 36/188

Table of Contents

Revocability of Proxies

Submitting a proxy on the enclosed form of proxy does not preclude a Wolverine stockholder from voting in person at the
Special Meeting. A Wolverine stockholder may revoke a proxy at any time prior to the vote at the Special Meeting by:
 

 
•  delivering to Rick A. Rosinski, Wolverine’s Corporate Secretary, at Wolverine’s corporate office at 5710 Eastman

Avenue, Midland, Michigan 48640, on or before the date of the Special Meeting, a later-dated and signed proxy card or a
written revocation of the proxy;

 

 •  submitting a valid, later-dated proxy by Internet, telephone, or mail that is received prior to the Special Meeting;
 

 •  attending the Special Meeting and voting in person; or
 

 
•  if you have instructed a broker to vote your shares, following the directions received from your broker to change those

instructions.

You may not change your vote or revoke your proxy with respect to a proposal after the vote has been taken on such proposal
at the Special Meeting. If you wish to revoke your proxy, you must do so sufficiently in advance to permit the necessary examination
and tabulation of the subsequent proxy or revocation before the vote is taken. Attendance at the Special Meeting will not, in itself,
constitute a revocation of a proxy.

Voting of Shares Held in Wolverine’s ESOP or 401(k) Plan

Wolverine maintains an ESOP that owns approximately 187,252 shares of Wolverine common stock. Each participant will
instruct the Wolverine Bank ESOP trustee, Pentegra Trust Company, how to vote the shares of Wolverine common stock allocated to
his or her account under the ESOP. The ESOP trustee will vote unallocated shares of common stock and allocated shares for which
voting instructions are not timely received in the same proportion as the allocated shares for which it has received timely voting
instructions. A participant in the 401(k) Plan is entitled to direct the 401(k) Plan trustee as to the shares in the Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Stock Fund credited to his or her account. The 401(k) Plan trustee will vote all shares for which no directions are given or for which
instructions were not timely received in the same proportion as shares for which the 401(k) Plan trustee received voting instructions. A
participant in either the Wolverine Bank ESOP or the 401(k) will need to vote by mail (by completing and signing the instruction card
that accompanies this proxy statement/prospectus). A participant must return his or her instruction card to the ESOP trustee or 401(k)
Plan trustee by 5:00 p.m. on September 26, 2017 in order to instruct the respective trustee how to vote such Wolverine shares.

Solicitation of Proxies

The proxy solicitation of Wolverine’s stockholders is being made by Wolverine on behalf of the Wolverine board of directors
and will be paid for by Wolverine. In addition to solicitation by mail, directors, officers, and employees of Wolverine may solicit
proxies for the Special Meeting from Wolverine’s stockholders personally or by telephone, the Internet, or other electronic means.
However, Wolverine’s directors, officers, and employees will not be paid any special or extra compensation for soliciting such proxies,
although they may be reimbursed for out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the solicitation. Upon request, Wolverine will
reimburse brokers, dealers, banks, trustees, and other fiduciaries for the reasonable expenses they incur in forwarding proxy materials
to beneficial owners of Wolverine’s common stock.

In addition, Wolverine has made arrangements with Laurel Hill Advisory Group to assist in soliciting proxies for the Special
Meeting and has agreed to pay them $6,000, plus out-of-pocket expenses, for these services.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. The Merger Agreement and the merger must be approved and adopted by the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock in order for the proposed
merger to be consummated. Holders of Wolverine common stock are urged to read and carefully consider the information in the proxy
statement/prospectus. IF YOU DO NOT RETURN YOUR PROXY CARD, VOTE BY TELEPHONE OR BY INTERNET, OR
DO NOT
 

27



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 37/188

Table of Contents

VOTE IN PERSON AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, THE EFFECT WILL BE A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSED
MERGER.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the Special Meeting, please contact
Wolverine Bancorp, Inc., 5710 Eastman Avenue, Midland, Michigan 48640, Attention: Rick A. Rosinski, Chief Operating Officer and
Corporate Secretary, (989) 631-4280.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Holders and Management

The following table sets forth as of August 10, 2017, which is the most recent practicable date, information regarding the
beneficial share ownership of Wolverine’s common stock by: (i) each of the directors of Wolverine; (ii) each executive officer of
Wolverine; (iii) the directors and executive officers of Wolverine as a group; and (iv) each person who is known to Wolverine to be the
beneficial owner of more than 5% of any class of Wolverine’s voting securities. Information with respect to Wolverine’s directors,
executive officers, and 5% shareholders is based on Wolverine’s records and data supplied by each of the directors, executive officers,
and 5% shareholders. For each individual or group disclosed in the table below, the percentages in the column “Percent of Shares of
Common Stock Outstanding” are based on 2,105,981 shares of Wolverine common stock issued and outstanding as of August 10, 2017,
which is the most recent practicable date, plus the number of shares of common stock each such individual or group has the right to
acquire on or within 60 days after August 10, 2017, computed in accordance with Rule 13d-3(d)(1) under the Exchange Act.
 

Name and Address of
Beneficial Owners   

Amount of Shares Owned
and Nature of  Beneficial

Ownership(1)   

Percent of Shares of
Common Stock

Outstanding  
Five Percent Shareholders:    
Maltese Capital Management LLC
150 East 52nd Street, 30th Floor
New York, New York 10022    200,000(2)   9.5% 

Firefly Value Partners, LP
551 Fifth Avenue, 36th Floor
New York, New York 10176    196,176(3)   9.3% 

Wolverine Bank
Employee Stock Ownership Plan
5710 Eastman Avenue
Midland, Michigan 48640    187,252   8.9% 

Directors and Executive Officers:(4)    

Roberta N. Arnold    19,826(5)   * 
Eric P. Blackhurst    14,128(5)   * 
David H. Dunn    113,716(6)   5.3% 
James W. Fisher    13,100(5)   * 
Richard M. Reynolds    51,043(5)   2.4% 
Rick A. Rosinski    39,080(7)   1.8% 
J. Donald Sheets    24,037(5)   1.1% 
Howard I. Ungerleider    14,529(5)   * 
Joseph M. VanderKelen    40,637(5)   1.9% 
All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (9 persons)    330,096   14.9% 
 

 * Indicates less than 1% of the total number of outstanding shares of Wolverine’s common stock.

 

(1) In accordance with Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, a person is deemed to be the beneficial owner for
purposes of this table, of any shares of Wolverine common stock if he or she has shared voting or investment power with
respect to such security, or has a right to acquire beneficial ownership at any time within 60 days from the record date. As used
herein, “voting power” is the power

 
28



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 38/188

Table of Contents

 

to vote or direct the voting of shares, and “investment power” is the power to dispose or direct the disposition of shares. The
shares set forth above for directors and executive officers include all shares held directly, as well as by spouses and minor
children, in trust and other indirect ownership, over which shares the named individuals effectively exercise sole or shared
voting and investment power.

 

(2) Based on a Schedule 13G/A filed jointly on February 2, 2017 by (i) Maltese Capital Management LLC, a New York limited
liability company (“MCM”), (ii) Maltese Capital Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, (iii) Malta Hedge Fund
II, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, and (iv) Terry Maltese, Managing Member of MCM, with respect to shares of
Wolverine common stock that each of the foregoing may be deemed to have a beneficial ownership.

 

(3) Based on an amended Schedule 13G/A filed jointly on February 14, 2017 by (i) FVP Master Fund, L.P., a Cayman Islands
exempted limited partnership (“FVP Master Fund”), (ii) Firefly Value Partners, LP, a Delaware limited partnership (“Firefly
Partners”), which serves as the investment manager of FVP Master Fund, (iii) FVP GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability
company (“FVP GP”), which serves as the general partner of FVP Master Fund, (iv) Firefly Management Company GP, LLC, a
Delaware limited liability company (“Firefly Management”), which serves as the general partner of Firefly Partners, and
(v) Messrs. Ryan Heslop and Ariel Warszawski, the managing members of FVP GP and Firefly Management (all of the
foregoing, collectively, “Reporting Persons”). Messrs. Heslop and Warszawski, Firefly Partners, Firefly Management and FVP
GP may be deemed to share with the Funds voting and dispositive power with respect to such shares. Each Reporting Person
disclaims beneficial ownership with respect to any shares other than those owned directly by such Reporting Person.

 (4) The business address of each director and executive officer is 5710 Eastman Avenue, Midland, Michigan 48640.

 
(5) Includes 9,022 shares that can be acquired through presently exercisable stock options and stock options that are exercisable

within 60 days after August 10, 2017.

 
(6) Includes 9,915 shares allocated to Mr. Dunn’s ESOP account over which Mr. Dunn has voting control. Includes 37,612 shares

that can be acquired through presently exercisable stock options and stock options that are exercisable within 60 days after
August 10, 2017.

 
(7) Includes 6,596 shares allocated to Mr. Rosinski’s ESOP account and 2,000 shares of restricted stock over which Mr. Rosinski

has voting control. Includes 13,037 shares that can be acquired through presently exercisable stock options and stock options
that are exercisable within 60 days after August 10, 2017.

 
29



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 39/188

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes material aspects of the proposed merger. While Horizon and
Wolverine believe that the description covers the material terms of the merger, this summary may not contain all of the information that
is important to you. You should read this entire proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents that we refer to carefully for more
detailed information regarding the merger.

General

Horizon’s and Wolverine’s boards of directors have approved and adopted the Merger Agreement, the merger, and the
transactions contemplated thereby. The Merger Agreement provides for the merger of Wolverine with and into Horizon, with Horizon
as the surviving corporation. Immediately following the merger, Wolverine Bank, the wholly-owned federally-chartered savings bank
subsidiary of Wolverine, will merge with and into Horizon Bank, the wholly-owned Indiana state-chartered commercial bank
subsidiary of Horizon.

In connection with the merger, each outstanding share of Wolverine common stock will be converted into the right to receive
(i) 1.0152 shares of Horizon common stock (subject to certain adjustments as described in the Merger Agreement), and (ii) $14.00 in
cash. All of the executive officers and members of the board of directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank have entered into a voting
agreement pursuant to which they have agreed to vote their shares of Wolverine common stock in favor of the approval and adoption of
the Merger Agreement and the merger.

Under the Merger Agreement, the executive officers and directors of Horizon and Horizon Bank serving at the effective time
of the merger will continue to serve as such after the merger is consummated. In addition, Eric P. Blackhurst, a current member of the
Wolverine board of directors, will be appointed to the boards of directors of Horizon and Horizon Bank, effective as of the closing. If
the term of the class of directors to which Mr. Blackhurst is appointed expires less than three years after the effective time of the
merger, Horizon and Horizon Bank will cause him to be nominated and recommended for election by Horizon’s stockholders at the
next election of directors as long as he continues to be eligible and qualified to serve as a director of Horizon and Horizon Bank.

Please see “The Merger Agreement” beginning on page 60 for additional and more detailed information regarding the legal
documents that govern the merger, including information about the conditions to the merger and the provisions for terminating and
amending the Merger Agreement.

Background of the Merger

Since Wolverine Bank’s conversion from a mutual savings bank to a stock savings bank in January 2011, and concurrent
(i) formation of Wolverine as the stock holding company of the bank and (ii) stock offering by Wolverine, Wolverine has managed its
capital through organic growth, cash dividends and stock repurchases. Wolverine’s board of directors and management also have
periodically reviewed and assessed strategic opportunities and challenges. The board of directors has considered the difficulty in
growing profitably and operating a publicly-traded community financial institution under current economic and competitive conditions.
At the same time, like many other small financial institutions, Wolverine has experienced increasing costs for technology and
regulatory compliance.

As part of the board of directors’ and management’s evaluation of ways to meet these challenges, they routinely have
considered both internal growth strategies and strategic business combinations as means of achieving economies of scale. In
connection with this ongoing assessment, from as early as 2013, the board of directors has met regularly with KBW to review
developments in the banking industry generally, Wolverine’s financial performance relative to certain other publicly-traded community
financial institutions, capital management strategies (for example, stock repurchases and dividends) and the mergers and acquisitions
market, including valuation trends and potential merger or acquisition partners for Wolverine.

KBW is a nationally recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience advising financial institutions generally,
including with respect to mergers and acquisitions. In addition, KBW had previously served as financial advisor to Wolverine in
connection with Wolverine Bank’s mutual-to-stock conversion and
 

30



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 40/188

Table of Contents

related stock offering by Wolverine that was completed in 2011. In addition to periodic meetings with KBW, representatives of the
board of directors and management have also attended conferences to enhance their understanding of the banking industry and risks
facing financial institutions.

On May 16, 2016, Wolverine’s board of directors met as part of the board’s ongoing assessment of Wolverine’s strategic
opportunities and challenges. Representatives of KBW attended the meeting. At the meeting, KBW discussed with the board
developments in the banking industry, current valuation trends, an overview of the financial performance of Wolverine relative to
certain other publicly-traded community financial institutions, current trends in shareholder activism, and the mergers and acquisitions
market. KBW also discussed financial considerations for comparing the option of Wolverine continuing to operate on a stand-alone
basis with that of pursuing a merger transaction, and discussed the merger and acquisition process and other merger considerations.

On June 13, 2016, David H. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wolverine, provided a strategic update to the
board of directors, which included a banking industry update and discussions of Wolverine’s net income, net interest margin and
operating expenses. The update also included, among other items, a comparable peer group overview focusing on certain key financial
metrics, an executive summary of the 2016 budget, an overview of bank and thrift returns on average assets, a review of Wolverine’s
stock price since the initial public offering and a review of Wolverine’s total shareholder return. Mr. Dunn noted the key drivers for
increased consolidation in the banking industry and increased commercial real estate lending and the related regulatory focus on such
lending.

At a special meeting on August 31, 2016, the board of directors met with representatives from Ernst & Young, an
international accounting and advisory firm, who reviewed with the board the business, regulatory and operating challenges facing
community banks, performance and trading metrics of different-sized financial institutions, the mergers and acquisitions market and
recent shareholder activism.

At its regular meeting on September 12, 2016, the board of directors engaged in discussion regarding information from KBW
relating to developments in the banking industry and gave further consideration to comparing the option of Wolverine continuing to
operate on a stand-alone basis with that of pursuing a merger transaction.

At its regular meeting on October 10, 2016, the board of directors discussed Wolverine’s strategic plan as well as strategic
alternatives, including organic growth, acquiring another company, or merging with another company.

At its regular meeting on November 14, 2016, the board of directors again met with KBW to discuss developments in the
banking industry, as well as current valuation trends, an overview of Wolverine’s financial performance, the mergers and acquisitions
market, and financial considerations related to Wolverine in a potential merger transaction, both as a buyer and as a seller. The board of
directors again discussed its strategic plan as well as strategic alternatives, including organic growth, acquiring another company, or
merging with another company.

At its regular meeting on December 12, 2016, the board of directors met to consider whether the board should initiate a
process for a potential acquisition of Wolverine. Representatives of KBW and Wolverine’s special legal counsel, Luse Gorman, PC
(“Luse Gorman”), attended this meeting. The board reviewed Wolverine’s recent financial performance and projected performance for
2016. Based on its discussion of relevant factors during this and prior meetings, as discussed above, the board determined that it was in
Wolverine’s best interests to explore possible alternatives for the acquisition of Wolverine. The board also reviewed and discussed with
legal counsel the board’s fiduciary duties in a merger context. The board then discussed engaging KBW to render financial advisory
and investment banking services to Wolverine in connection with a possible acquisition of Wolverine. Following this discussion, the
board of directors approved the engagement of KBW and the initiation of a process for the identification and evaluation of potential
alternatives for the acquisition of Wolverine.

On January 6, 2017, at a special meeting, the board of directors reviewed with KBW a list of seven financial institution
holding companies that could have an interest in a transaction with Wolverine, considering,
 

31



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 41/188

Table of Contents

among other things, the ability to pay, regulatory standing, geographic location, presence and market share. The parties under
consideration as acquisition partners had assets ranging from over $1.5 billion to approximately $100 billion. The board of directors
authorized initial contact with six of these parties (including Horizon). As part of its efforts to maximize value for Wolverine
stockholders in a potential merger transaction, the board of directors also instructed KBW to assist the board in identifying additional
parties that could be contacted, utilizing similar criteria.

Following this meeting, seven additional parties that could have an interest in a transaction with Wolverine were identified
with KBW’s assistance. On January 13, 2017, the board of directors approved these seven additional parties to be contacted by KBW,
bringing the total number of parties being considered by the board to 13.

At Wolverine’s direction, beginning January 15, 2017, KBW contacted all 13 financial institution holding companies
concerning their level of interest, if any, in a possible business combination with Wolverine. Wolverine’s identity was not disclosed to
these parties at that time. Eleven of these parties, including Horizon, indicated a preliminary interest. Wolverine executed non-
disclosure agreements with five of these potential merger parties, after which those parties were informed of Wolverine’s identity. On
February 2, 2017, a virtual data room containing a confidential information memorandum and additional information about Wolverine
was opened and access was granted to each of these five parties after they executed the non-disclosure agreements. These parties were
initially given until February 22, 2017 to submit non-binding indications of interest.

From January 29, 2017 to January 31, 2017, Wolverine’s Chairman, Richard M. Reynolds, and Mr. Dunn attended a banking
conference at which meetings and discussions were held with Horizon and two other companies that had signed non-disclosure
agreements. At these meetings, which were also attended by a representative of KBW, the parties discussed general matters about
operations, including information that was contained in the confidential information memorandum. An additional, informal meeting
was held at the conference with one other company that had signed a non-disclosure agreement. No matters relating to a merger were
discussed with this other company at the meeting.

On February 7, 2017, Mr. Dunn and a representative of KBW held a phone conference with a financial institution holding
company (“Company A”) that had signed a non-disclosure agreement. The parties discussed general matters about operations,
including information that was contained in the confidential information memorandum.

At its regular meeting on February 13, 2017, Wolverine’s board of directors met to review 2016 financial results, as well as
the 2017 budget. The board of directors also reviewed the merger process to date, including the meetings held at the recent banking
conference.

On February 22, 2017, Horizon submitted an indication of interest that proposed paying merger consideration of $37.00 per
Wolverine share, payable 70% in stock (1.0023 shares of Horizon stock for each Wolverine share) and 30% in cash ($11.10 for each
Wolverine share). Wolverine stockholders who held less than 100 shares of common stock would only receive cash consideration of
$37.00 per share. The indication of interest stated that Horizon would consider adding one independent member of Wolverine’s board
of directors to Horizon’s board of directors. On that same day, Company A, who had also conducted preliminary due diligence,
submitted an indication of interest that proposed paying merger consideration of between $36.20 to $37.50 for each Wolverine share,
payable 50% in Company A common stock and 50% in cash. Company A also stated it would consider adding at least one member of
the board of directors of Wolverine to Company A’s board of directors. Each indication of interest provided that the cash portion of the
merger consideration would be paid by Wolverine as a special dividend to stockholders immediately prior to the closing of the merger.
Each indication of interest indicated that all employment/change in control agreements would be honored. No other indications of
interest were received from parties other than Horizon and Company A.

At a special meeting on February 27, 2017, Wolverine’s board of directors met to review the two indications of interest in
detail. Representatives of Luse Gorman and KBW attended this meeting. The board of directors discussed the process to date and
reviewed with KBW financial information about Horizon and
 

32



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 42/188

Table of Contents

Company A, on both a historical and pro forma basis. Based on closing stock prices as of February 23, 2017, Horizon’s proposal had
an implied value of $37.96 per Wolverine share, while Company A’s proposal had an implied value of between $38.76 and $41.95 per
Wolverine share. The board of directors also discussed its fiduciary duties in connection with a proposed acquisition of Wolverine. The
board of directors authorized continued due diligence by Horizon and Company A, and instructed management and KBW to ask these
companies to submit updated indications of interest following their completion of due diligence.

On March 7, 2017, Company A conducted onsite due diligence of Wolverine.

On March 13, 2017, at its regular meeting, Wolverine’s board of directors reviewed the process to date, and discussed
retaining an additional financial advisor to supplement its review of Wolverine’s strategic options, including a separate review of the
Horizon and Company A indications of interest, and a comparison of these offers to the value of the bank on a stand-alone basis and in
a scenario where it conducts a “going private” transaction.

On March 14, 2017, March 23, 2017 and March 24, 2017, Horizon conducted in-person due diligence of Wolverine.

On March 23, 2017, management of Company A and Wolverine met to discuss additional due diligence matters.

On April 10, 2017, at its regular meeting, Wolverine’s board of directors met separately with representatives of Horizon and
Company A to discuss their companies, their offers and other information related to the merger process. Horizon and Company A also
answered questions from Wolverine’s board, management and KBW regarding various considerations pertinent to Wolverine’s
evaluation of the two indications of interest.

On April 12, 2017, Horizon submitted a revised indication of interest that proposed paying merger consideration of $39.19
per Wolverine share, payable 70% in stock (1.0532 shares of Horizon stock for each Wolverine share) and 30% in cash ($11.10 for
each Wolverine share). Wolverine stockholders who held less than 100 shares of common stock would receive cash consideration of
$39.00 per share. Horizon’s updated indication of interest reiterated its earlier offer that it would consider adding one independent
member of the board of directors of Wolverine to Horizon’s board of directors.

On that same day, Company A submitted a revised indication of interest that proposed paying merger consideration of $38.80
for each Wolverine share, payable 50% in stock and 50% in cash. Company A’s updated indication of interest provided that it would
consider adding two members of the board of directors of Wolverine to Company A’s board of directors.

On April 17, 2017, Wolverine’s board of directors met at a special meeting to review the indications of interest in detail and
to determine the next steps. Representatives of Luse Gorman attended this meeting. The board of directors reviewed with Luse Gorman
its fiduciary duties relating to the ongoing process and its decision regarding how and with whom to proceed between the two
indications of interest.

Also as part of its review of the indications of interest, and based on its discussion at the March 13, 2017 board meeting
regarding potential retention of an additional financial advisor, Wolverine’s board of directors received a presentation from
Sheshunoff & Co. Investment Banking, L.P. (“Sheshunoff”). Sheshunoff provides investment banking services to financial institutions,
including providing advice with respect to mergers and acquisitions. Wolverine was a participant in Sheshunoff’s chief executive
officer peer advisory and networking program. Sheshunoff reviewed the terms of the Horizon and Company A indications of interest
and compared the pricing to hypothetical values of Wolverine as a going concern and in a merger transaction. Sheshunoff noted that the
value of the offers from Horizon and Company A ($85.0 million and $85.8 million, respectively) exceeded Sheshunoff’s estimated
present value for Wolverine of $61.9 million as a going concern on a discounted cash flow analysis basis, and also exceeded
Sheshunoff’s estimated value for Wolverine on a market comparison approach of between $60.7 million and $67.1 million. Sheshunoff
also noted that the value of the offers was consistent with Sheshunoff’s estimated value of between $81 million and $86 million for
Wolverine using an acquisition analysis approach. Sheshunoff discussed that qualitative factors (e.g., cultural fit, buyer
 

33



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 43/188

Table of Contents

regulatory issues, execution risk, price risk, and liquidity) are also important in determining the right partner. Sheshunoff also discussed
the difficulties associated with Wolverine conducting a “going private” transaction, whereby Wolverine would, in lieu of pursuing a
merger transaction, remain an independent company that repurchased its public float (i.e., shares held by unaffiliated stockholders),
issued debt and equity securities to fund the repurchase, and discontinued filing reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
Sheshunoff did not provide an opinion as to the value of the offers included in the indications of interest; rather, the board of directors
considered the information provided by Sheshunoff as part of the board’s decision regarding whether to proceed with a merger
transaction and, if it were to proceed, with which party (Horizon or Company A).

At the April 17, 2017 meeting, Wolverine’s board of directors also reviewed the Horizon and Company A indications of
interest with KBW. KBW also discussed the merger process to date and financial information about Horizon and Company A, on both
a historical and a pro forma basis. Based on closing stock prices as of April 13, 2017, Horizon’s proposal had an implied value of
$37.75 per Wolverine share, while Company A’s proposal had an implied value of $39.26 per Wolverine share.

Wolverine’s board of directors determined that it would proceed with merger negotiations with Horizon. In making this
determination, the board considered, in addition to Horizon’s and Company A’s respective proposed per share consideration, Horizon’s
experience in completing merger transactions, the liquidity of Horizon’s common stock (approximately 60,000 shares of Horizon
common stock traded each day, which was significantly higher than the average daily trading volume for each of Wolverine and
Company A), which would provide Wolverine stockholders with the option of selling their shares or remaining as stockholders of
Horizon, Horizon’s current operations and future prospects, and the potential that Horizon could provide superior long-term value to
Wolverine’s stockholders. The board also considered and weighed the potential impact of a transaction with each of Horizon and
Company A on Wolverine’s customers, employees and the community, including consideration of Horizon’s significant presence in and
understanding of the Michigan market and its similar culture in working with both customers and employees.

Wolverine’s board of directors also approved the selection of Chairman Reynolds, President and Chief Executive Officer
Dunn, and Directors Eric P. Blackhurst and J. Donald Sheets as members of a merger committee who were authorized to negotiate
certain matters relating to a merger with Horizon, including the deal price offered by Horizon.

Immediately following the April 17, 2017 board meeting, the Wolverine merger committee met to review ways to enhance the
value of the transaction to Wolverine stockholders, including instructing KBW to request that Horizon increase its offer price, remove
the requirement that the cash portion of the consideration be paid by Wolverine to its stockholders as a special dividend, provide “caps
and collars” on the offer price, and increase the cash portion of the merger consideration to 35%.

KBW contacted Horizon’s financial advisor following the meeting of the merger committee to communicate the merger
committee’s requests, and on April 20, 2017, Wolverine’s merger committee met to review the status of negotiations. The merger
committee was advised by KBW that Horizon had responded by stating that it would increase its offer to $40.00 for each Wolverine
share, payable 65% in Horizon common stock and 35% in cash. Horizon also agreed to remove the requirement that the cash portion of
the consideration be paid as a special dividend. Horizon did not agree to provide “caps and collars” on the offer price, so the merger
committee discussed a “double trigger walkaway right” as an alternative method to provide Wolverine stockholders with protection
against market price reductions on Horizon’s common stock, whereby the Wolverine board of directors could terminate the merger
agreement if Horizon’s stock dropped a certain percentage on an absolute basis, and also dropped a certain percentage below that of a
to-be-determined peer group. The merger committee also instructed KBW to discuss with Horizon or its financial advisor the
possibility of a “cash-stock election,” whereby stockholders could request that they receive merger consideration in cash, Horizon
common stock, or a combination thereof, subject to an allocation process that would ensure that the final aggregate merger
consideration was paid 65% in Horizon common stock and 35% on cash.

KBW contacted Horizon’s financial advisor following the meeting of the Wolverine merger committee to carry out the merger
committee’s instructions. Horizon did not agree to provide a “cash-stock election” to
 

34



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 44/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine stockholders. On April 21, 2017, Horizon submitted a revised indication of interest, which was distributed to each member
of the Wolverine board. The revised indication of interest confirmed Horizon’s offer to pay merger consideration of $40.00 for each
share of Wolverine common stock, payable 65% in Horizon common stock and 35% in cash. Wolverine stockholders who held less
than 100 shares of common stock would receive cash consideration of $40.00 per share. The indication of interest also removed the
requirement that the cash portion of the merger consideration be paid by Wolverine as a special dividend. Although not included in the
indication of interest, Horizon’s financial advisor confirmed that the draft merger agreement to be provided to Wolverine would include
a “double-trigger walkaway right.” Horizon’s revised indication of interest also required Wolverine to negotiate exclusively with
Horizon for 60 days following Wolverine’s acceptance of the indication of interest. Wolverine’s management executed the indication of
interest on April 24, 2017.

Horizon continued due diligence over the next few weeks. On May 4, 2017, Horizon began providing Wolverine and its
advisors documents regarding Horizon’s business and operations for reverse due diligence by Wolverine.

On May 5, 2017, the Wolverine merger committee met to review the status of discussions and a general timeline of future
events.

On May 11, 2017, Barnes & Thornburg LLP, counsel for Horizon, provided an initial draft of the merger agreement to Luse
Gorman. The initial draft of the merger agreement included a termination fee of $4,452,200, or approximately 5% of the deal value.
The parties began negotiating the terms of the merger agreement.

On May 11, 2017 and May 17, 2017, management of Wolverine, with the assistance of representatives of Luse Gorman and
KBW, interviewed certain members of senior management of Horizon, for reverse due diligence purposes.

On May 15, 2017, at its regular meeting, Wolverine’s board of directors met to review the process to date and possible next
steps. The board also met with three senior employees of Wolverine who had met with management of Horizon, and these employees
provided the board with feedback as to those meetings and the synergies that could be achieved through a potential merger transaction
with Horizon.

On May 18, 2017, KBW received two e-mails from representatives of Company A, noting Company A’s recently increased
stock trading price. One of the e-mails also indicated that the increased stock price would result in a deal value to Wolverine in excess
of $45.00 per share.

On May 18, 2017, the Wolverine merger committee met to discuss the e-mails received by KBW, the potential reasons for the
recent increase in Company A’s share value, and possible next steps. Representatives of KBW and Luse Gorman attended this meeting.
Company A had recently become eligible for inclusion on a widely-tracked index. Index funds that track this index were required to
purchase Company A’s stock to reflect Company A’s inclusion in the index. Representatives of Luse Gorman again reviewed the
board’s fiduciary duties with the merger committee. Following this meeting, the merger committee instructed KBW to provide
summary information as to recent events to Horizon’s financial advisor without disclosing the identity of Company A. Management
was also authorized to provide summary information to Horizon’s management, also without disclosing the identity of Company A.

On May 19, 2017, after receiving notice that Wolverine was evaluating recent communications from Company A, Horizon
instructed its financial and legal advisors to suspend further work on the transaction until Horizon received a verbal indication from
Wolverine that it intended to continue to pursue a transaction with Horizon. Through its financial advisor, Horizon communicated to
Wolverine its intention to cease work on the transaction.

On May 19, 2017, the Wolverine merger committee met with representatives of KBW and Luse Gorman in attendance. Legal
counsel again reviewed the board’s fiduciary duties with the merger committee. KBW discussed financial aspects of the two alternative
proposals. Based on closing prices from May 18, 2017, Horizon’s proposal had an implied value of $39.77 for each Wolverine share,
while Company A’s proposal had
 

35



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 45/188

Table of Contents

an implied value of $45.61 for each Wolverine share. The merger committee discussed that Horizon had instructed its legal counsel and
financial advisor to stop negotiating and cease work on the merger agreement to allow Wolverine to consider its alternatives in view of
its fiduciary obligations. At the end of this meeting, the merger committee instructed KBW to contact Horizon’s financial advisor to
discuss potential ways to enhance the value of Horizon’s offer, such as increased merger consideration or a floor on the deal pricing.

From May 19 to 22, 2017, Horizon’s chief executive officer and its financial advisor discussed Wolverine’s request. Based on
the current financial aspects of the transaction, as previously reviewed with Horizon’s board of directors, as well as other merger
opportunities Horizon was considering, Horizon determined it had presented Wolverine with its best offer and was not willing to
change the financial terms of its proposal. On May 22, 2017, Horizon’s financial advisor notified KBW that it would not modify its
proposal and that Horizon believed the previously negotiated transaction terms, combined with its attractive stock valuation, the
liquidity profile of its stock, and Horizon’s strong deal history, remained an attractive offer for Wolverine’s stockholders.

On May 24, 2017, the Wolverine merger committee met with representatives of KBW and Luse Gorman. KBW advised the
committee that Horizon was not willing to change any of the terms of its indication of interest. The merger committee also reviewed
information relating to the implied value of Company A’s proposal of $45.84 per share, and how the price of Company A’s common
stock compared to that of certain other publicly-traded community financial institutions (which were publicly-traded banks and thrifts
headquartered in the Midwest with total assets between $900 million and $1.5 billion and a return on average assets greater than or
equal to 0.50%). Company A’s common stock was trading at multiples of tangible book value and trailing 12 months earnings that were
significantly higher than the median multiples for the other publicly-traded community financial institutions observed. In contrast,
Horizon’s common stock traded at a discount to its peers on a price-to-earnings basis. The merger committee and KBW discussed the
likelihood that Company A’s stock value would begin to trade in line with its peers following the completion of the rebalancing of the
index in which Company A was being included, and also discussed Horizon’s experience in completing merger transactions, the
liquidity of Horizon’s common stock versus Company A’s common stock, the status of merger negotiations and the risk of losing
Horizon as a merger partner if Wolverine were to try to negotiate an agreement with Company A. The merger committee instructed
KBW to discuss additional information related to the comparison of Company A with other publicly-traded community financial
institutions at an upcoming meeting of the full board.

On May 25, 2017, Wolverine’s board of directors met at a special meeting to review recent events. Representatives of KBW
and Luse Gorman attended the meeting. Legal counsel again reviewed the board’s fiduciary duties in connection with the merger
process and the board’s decision. The board of directors discussed possible next steps, including letting the Horizon 60-day exclusivity
period lapse in order to negotiate further with Company A, continuing to negotiate with Horizon with the goal of executing a definitive
merger agreement, and contacting Horizon to better evaluate Horizon’s expectations on next steps in view of recent developments. The
board of directors reviewed the implied value of Company A’s proposal ($45.84 per share of Wolverine common stock, based upon
Company A’s stock price as of May 23, 2017). The board of directors reviewed comparisons of Company A’s common stock to those
of two peer groups of publicly-traded community financial institutions, on an earnings and tangible book value basis. The peer groups
were: (i) publicly-traded banks and thrifts headquartered in the Midwest with total assets between $900 million and $1.5 billion and a
return on average assets greater than or equal to 0.50%; and (ii) banks and thrifts listed on Nasdaq and headquartered in the Midwest
with market capitalizations between $200 million and $300 million. The board discussed how Company A’s current pricing
significantly exceeded the top quartile of peer group pricing, and also discussed the expectation of future downward pressure on
Company A’s stock price. The board also considered the advantages of a transaction with Horizon, including increased liquidity for
Wolverine stockholders compared to the limited liquidity in Company A’s common stock, Horizon’s current operations and future
prospects, Horizon’s proven ability to complete merger transactions, the status of merger negotiations with Horizon and the risk of
losing Horizon as a merger partner if Wolverine were to try to negotiate with Company A. At the completion of this meeting, the board
of directors instructed KBW to contact Horizon’s financial advisor to determine whether
 

36



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 46/188

Table of Contents

Horizon would allow Wolverine to contact Company A to get a better understanding of their level of interest in pursuing a merger with
Wolverine in view of the recent increase in Company A’s stock price (without disclosing the name of Company A).

KBW contacted Horizon’s financial advisor following the meeting of Wolverine’s board of directors to carry out the board’s
instructions. On May 26, 2017, Horizon’s financial advisor informed KBW that Wolverine continued to be subject to an exclusivity
agreement with Horizon, and that Horizon expected Wolverine to affirmatively state its intention to continue negotiations with
Horizon, under the current terms, by May 31, 2017, or Horizon would terminate discussions.

On May 30, 2017, Wolverine’s board of directors held a special meeting to review the communication from Horizon’s
financial advisor. Representatives of KBW and Luse Gorman attended the meeting. The board of directors reviewed the relative pricing
offered by Horizon and Company A. Based on closing prices from May 30, 2017, Horizon’s proposal had an implied value of $39.60
per share of Wolverine common stock, with the total value of the merger consideration being 64.6% Horizon common stock and 35.4%
cash, while Company A’s proposal had an implied value of $45.38 per share of Wolverine common stock, with the total value of the
merger consideration being 57.3% Company A’s common stock and 42.7% cash. The board of directors discussed Horizon’s strength
as a merger partner, including its long-term business and financial prospects when combined with Wolverine. The board of directors
also discussed the risk of not being able to consummate any merger transaction if negotiations with Horizon were terminated and a
transaction with Company A could not be negotiated on terms satisfactory to Wolverine. The board of directors discussed the future
value of Company A’s stock based on the recent increase in trading price and its value in relation to its peers. Following this discussion,
based on its evaluation of all of the described factors that were discussed and considered over the course of several board and merger
committee meetings, Wolverine’s board of directors determined that it was in Wolverine’s and its stockholders’ best interests to
proceed with Horizon. Therefore, the board agreed to continue to proceed toward the negotiation of a final, definitive merger
agreement with Horizon.

The parties continued negotiations regarding the terms of the merger agreement and exchanged drafts of and comments on the
merger agreement. As part of these negotiations, Horizon revised the merger agreement to reduce the termination fee to $3,539,000, or
approximately 4% of the deal value at that time. Horizon also revised the merger agreement to provide that all stockholders would
receive the same merger consideration, such that stockholders owning fewer than 100 shares of Wolverine stock would not receive the
cash consideration only.

On June 8, 2017, the Wolverine merger committee met with representatives of Luse Gorman to review the merger agreement
and the status of open items. The merger committee also discussed the next steps in the process.

At a regular meeting of Wolverine’s board of directors held on June 12, 2017 and attended by representatives of KBW and
Luse Gorman, the board reviewed in detail with legal counsel the merger agreement and ancillary documents, including: (i) voting
agreements to be entered into by Wolverine’s directors and executive officers; (ii) employment agreements to be entered into by certain
senior officers, including Mr. Dunn; and (iii) termination and release agreements to be entered into by certain senior officers, including
Mr. Dunn. At this meeting, KBW reviewed with the board the financial aspects of the proposed merger and discussed on a preliminary
basis the fairness opinion to be delivered by KBW with respect to the merger consideration to be received by the holders of Wolverine
common stock in the proposed merger. The board of directors reviewed the relative pricing offered by Horizon and Company A. Based
on closing prices from June 9, 2017, Horizon’s proposal had an implied value of $41.52 per share of Wolverine common stock, with
the total value of the merger consideration being 66.3% Horizon common stock and 33.7% cash, while Company A’s proposal had an
implied value of $43.25 per share of Wolverine common stock, with the total value of the merger consideration being 55.1% Company
A common stock and 44.9% cash.

On June 12, 2017, the board of directors of Horizon met with Horizon’s management who presented the terms of the merger
agreement that had been distributed to the board prior to the meeting, the strategic rationale for the transaction, and the financial
aspects of the merger. Following this presentation, the board of directors of
 

37



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 47/188

Table of Contents

Horizon reviewed and discussed the draft of the merger agreement and the consideration to be paid by Horizon to Wolverine’s
stockholders. Horizon’s management responded to questions from the board regarding the merger and the merger consideration.
Following a lengthy discussion, the board voted to approve management’s finalization and execution of the merger agreement and all
related documents.

At a special meeting of Wolverine’s board of directors held on June 13, 2017 and attended by representatives of KBW and
Luse Gorman, legal counsel updated the board as to the status of negotiations with Horizon. Legal counsel also discussed the proposed
resolutions that the independent members of the board (all directors except for Mr. Dunn) would be requested to approve, as well as the
proposed resolutions that the full board would be requested to approve. At this meeting, KBW again reviewed with the board the
financial aspects of the proposed merger and rendered to the board an opinion to the effect that, as of such date and subject to the
procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by KBW as
set forth in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of Wolverine common stock in the proposed merger was
fair, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Wolverine common stock. After further discussion, the independent members of
Wolverine’s board of directors voted unanimously to approve the merger agreement with Horizon in substantially the form presented,
to recommend that Wolverine stockholders vote to approve the merger agreement and the merger, and to approve the executive
compensation arrangements of senior officers, including Mr. Dunn. Following this vote, and taking into consideration the factors
described under “– Wolverine’s Reasons for the Merger; Board Recommendation,” the board of directors voted unanimously to approve
the Merger Agreement with Horizon in substantially the form presented, to recommend that Wolverine stockholders vote to approve
the Merger Agreement and the merger, and to authorize management, with the assistance of counsel, to finalize and execute the Merger
Agreement and all related documents.

Following approval of Wolverine’s board of directors, on June 13, 2017, the parties executed the Merger Agreement.
Wolverine and Horizon issued a joint press release publicly announcing the transaction prior to the opening of the financial markets on
June 14, 2017.

Wolverine’s Reasons for the Merger; Board Recommendation

Wolverine’s board of directors unanimously recommends that Wolverine stockholders vote for approval and adoption of the
Merger Agreement and the merger. The board’s recommendation follows its determination that the merger and the Merger Agreement
were fair to and in the best interest of Wolverine and its stockholders. In making its determination and recommendation in authorizing
and approving the merger and in approving and adopting the Merger Agreement, Wolverine’s board of directors consulted with
members of Wolverine’s management, and with representatives of KBW and Luse Gorman, and also considered a number of factors
that the Wolverine board of directors viewed as relevant to its decisions, including, without limitation, the following:
 

 
•  information concerning the business, earnings, operations, financial condition, asset quality and prospects of Wolverine

and Horizon, both individually and as a combined company;
 

 

•  the understanding of Wolverine’s board of directors of the strategic options available to Wolverine and the board of
directors’ assessment of those options and the likelihood of Wolverine’s execution of its business plan as an independent
entity, and the board’s determination that execution of the business plan was not more likely to create greater present
value for Wolverine’s stockholders than the value to be paid by Horizon;

 

 
•  management’s assessment of the execution risks involved in attaining the performance levels assumed by the business

projections relating to Wolverine;
 

 •  the prospects of profitably deploying Wolverine’s capital in a reasonable period of time;
 

 
•  the challenges facing Wolverine’s management to grow Wolverine’s franchise and enhance stockholder value given

current market conditions, including increased operating costs resulting from regulatory and compliance mandates,
continued pressure on net interest margin in the current interest rate environment and competition;

 
38



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 48/188

Table of Contents

 
•  conditions and activity in the mergers and acquisition market providing an opportunity for Wolverine to deliver

accelerated and enhanced stockholder value, as compared to organic growth;
 

 •  the purchase price per share to be paid by Horizon and the resulting valuation multiples;
 

 
•  that over 65% of the merger consideration (as calculated at the time of entering into the Merger Agreement) would be in

stock of Horizon, which would allow Wolverine stockholders to participate in the future performance of the combined
company;

 

 
•  the increased need for scale to absorb the growing costs of operations, cyber security and compliance with banking

regulations;
 

 •  the compatibility of the business cultures of Wolverine and Horizon;
 

 •  the complementary nature of and potential synergies related to Wolverine’s and Horizon’s business;
 

 •  the geographic fit and increased customer convenience of the expanded branch network of Horizon;
 

 
•  the scale, scope, capital position, strength and diversity of operations, product lines and delivery systems that could be

achieved by the combined company;
 

 
•  the historical performance of Horizon’s common stock, Horizon’s greater market capitalization, the stock’s liquidity in

terms of average daily trading volume and the level of future cash dividends anticipated to be received by Wolverine
stockholders;

 

 
•  the continued participation of Wolverine’s directors and management in the combined company, which enhances the

likelihood that the expected benefits of the merger will be realized, in particular that:
 

 
○  Eric P. Blackhurst will be added to Horizon’s and Horizon Bank’s boards of directors following the completion of

the merger; and
 

 ○  Messrs. Dunn and Roskinski will have ongoing roles with the combined company;
 

 
•  the stock component of the merger consideration, including the exchange ratio, and the potential for the price of Horizon

common stock to increase after the signing of the Merger Agreement;
 

 

•  the financial presentation of KBW to the Wolverine board of directors and the opinion, dated June 13, 2017, of KBW to
the Wolverine board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to the
holders of Wolverine common stock of the merger consideration in the proposed merger, as more fully described below
under “Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor”;

 

 
•  the legal analyses as to the structure of the merger, the Merger Agreement, the fiduciary and legal obligations applicable

to directors when considering a sale or merger of a company, and the process that Wolverine (including its board of
directors) employed in considering potential strategic alternatives, including the merger with Horizon;

 

 •  the results of the solicitation process conducted by Wolverine, with the advice and assistance of its advisors;
 

 
•  the terms of the Merger Agreement, including the fixed cash and stock consideration and the expected tax treatment of

the merger as a “reorganization” for United States federal income tax purposes;
 

 •  certain structural protections included in the Merger Agreement, including:
 

 

○  that the Merger Agreement does not preclude a third party from making an unsolicited acquisition proposal to
Wolverine and that, under certain circumstances more fully described under “The Merger Agreement – Acquisition
Proposals by Third Parties,” Wolverine may furnish non-public information to and enter into discussions with such
a third party regarding an acquisition proposal;

 
39



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 49/188

Table of Contents

 
○  the ability of the Wolverine board of directors to submit the Merger Agreement to stockholders without

recommendation, in which event the board of directors may communicate the basis for its lack of a
recommendation to the extent required by law;

 

 
○  the ability of Wolverine to terminate the Merger Agreement if the price of Horizon’s common stock drops

more than 15% relative to both its price before public announcement of the transaction and the SNL Small
Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index;

 

 

○  the ability of Wolverine to terminate the Merger Agreement to enter into a definitive agreement for a superior
proposal if certain requirements are met, in each case subject to the payment of a termination fee by
Wolverine of $3,539,000, an amount that was negotiated at arm’s-length and was determined by the
Wolverine board of directors to be reasonable under the circumstances and generally comparable to
termination fees in other similar transactions; and

 

 ○  the covenant of Horizon to use its reasonable best efforts to obtain regulatory approval;
 

 
•  the anticipated effect of the merger on Wolverine’s employees (including that Wolverine employees who do not continue

as employees of Horizon will be entitled to severance benefits);
 

 
•  the effect on Wolverine’s customers and the communities served by Wolverine, including Horizon’s commitment to

donate $50,000 annually for a five-year period to nonprofit organizations and/or community schools in the markets
served by Wolverine;

 

 
•  that Horizon will establish a Great Lakes Bay Region Advisory Board and add representatives from the communities

served by Wolverine;
 

 
•  the ability of Horizon to complete the Merger, from a business, financial, and regulatory perspective, and its proven

track record of successfully completing acquisition transactions; and
 

 
•  the ability of Horizon to pay the merger consideration and the relative value of the Horizon currency compared to its

peers.

The Wolverine board of directors also considered a number of potential risks and uncertainties in connection with its
consideration of the proposed merger, including, without limitation, the following:
 

 •  the challenges of integrating Wolverine’s business, operations and employees with those of Horizon;
 

 
•  that Horizon had recently announced the acquisition of another financial institution and the challenges of obtaining

regulatory approval and integrating two institutions concurrently;
 

 
•  the potential risk of diverting management attention and resources from the operation of Wolverine’s business and

towards the completion of the merger;
 

 

•  the restrictions on the conduct of Wolverine’s business before the completion of the merger, which are customary for
public company merger agreements involving financial institutions, but which, subject to specific exceptions, could
delay or prevent Wolverine from undertaking business opportunities that may arise or any other action it would
otherwise take with respect to the operations of Wolverine absent the pending merger;

 

 
•  that the interests of certain of Wolverine’s directors and officers may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of

Wolverine’s other stockholders as described under the heading “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine
in the Merger;”

 

 
•  the risk of potential employee attrition and/or adverse effects on business and customer relationships as a result of the

pending merger;
 

 
•  the need to and likelihood of obtaining approval by stockholders of Wolverine and bank regulators to complete the

transaction;
 

40



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 50/188

Table of Contents

 
•  the risks and costs associated with entering into the Merger Agreement and restrictions on the conduct of Wolverine’s

business before the merger is completed;
 

 
•  the possibility of a reduction in the trading price of Horizon common stock following the announcement of the Merger

Agreement and prior to completion of the merger;
 

 

•  that a termination fee in the amount of $3,539,000 would have to be paid to Horizon if Wolverine determined to
terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a superior proposal or if Horizon determined to terminate the Merger
Agreement due to Wolverine’s material breach of its non-solicitation obligations, or, after the receipt of a third party
proposal, Wolverine’s breach of its representations or warranties, failure to recommend or the withdrawal or
modification of its recommendation of the Merger Agreement, or entry into an acquisition agreement following its
failure to obtain stockholder approval of the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  the impact that provisions of the Merger Agreement relating to payment of a termination fee by Wolverine may have on

Wolverine receiving an alternative proposal;
 

 
•  the potential costs associated with executing the Merger Agreement, including change in control payments and related

costs, as well as estimated advisor fees; and
 

 •  the possibility of litigation in connection with the merger.

This discussion of the information and factors considered by Wolverine’s board of directors in reaching its conclusions and
recommendation includes the factors identified above, but is not intended to be exhaustive and may not include all of the factors
considered by the Wolverine board of directors. In view of the wide variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and the complexity of these matters, the Wolverine
board of directors did not find it useful and did not attempt to quantify, rank or assign any relative or specific weights to the various
factors that it considered in reaching its determination to approve the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, and to make its recommendation to Wolverine stockholders. Rather, the Wolverine board of directors viewed its decisions
as being based on the totality of the information presented to it and the factors it considered. In addition, individual members of the
Wolverine board of directors may have assigned different weights to different factors.

Certain of Wolverine’s directors and executive officers have financial interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, those of Wolverine’s stockholders generally. The Wolverine board of directors was aware of and considered these potential
interests, among other matters, in evaluating the merger and in making its recommendation to Wolverine stockholders. For a discussion
of these interests, see “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger.”

For the reasons set forth above, Wolverine’s board of directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement, has
determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and merger
consideration, are advisable and in the best interests of Wolverine and its stockholders, and unanimously recommends that
Wolverine stockholders vote “FOR” the proposal to approve and adopt the Merger Agreement and the merger, “FOR” the
approval of the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal, and “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

Horizon’s Reasons for the Merger

To reach its decision to approve the Merger Agreement, Horizon’s board of directors consulted with Horizon’s management,
as well as its financial and legal advisors, and considered a number of factors, including:
 

 

•  the business, earnings, operations, financial condition, management, prospects, capital levels, and asset quality of both
Horizon and Wolverine, taking into account the results of Horizon’s due diligence review of Wolverine, including
Horizon’s assessments of Wolverine’s credit policies, asset quality, adequacy of loan loss reserves, interest rate risk, and
litigation;

 

 
•  the overall greater scale that will be achieved by the merger that will better position the combined company for future

growth;
 

41



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 51/188

Table of Contents

 
•  its belief that Horizon and Wolverine have similar cultures and similar community-oriented philosophies, and the

complementary nature of the strengths of the management personnel of each company;
 

 •  its ability to retain a seasoned management team to lead its banking efforts in the Great Lakes Bay Region of Michigan;
 

 •  growth opportunities in the Great Lakes Bay Region and Oakland County, Michigan;
 

 

•  the belief of Horizon’s management that the merger will result in pre-tax annual cost savings of approximately
$3.0 million in 2018, $3.1 million in 2019, and $3.2 million in 2020. Approximately $2.2 million of the expected
savings in 2018 are expected to result from reduced expenses for salaries, employee benefits, and other employee
matters, approximately $360,000 are expected to result from reduced data processing expenses, approximately $120,000
are expected to result from reduced professional fees, and approximately $365,000 are expected to result from reduced
general, administrative, and other expenses;

 

 
•  the belief of Horizon that the merger will produce earnings enhancement opportunities from additional sources of

non-interest income;
 

 
•  the estimation by Horizon’s management that the merger will result in after-tax earnings per share accretion of $0.10 in

2018, $0.09 in 2019, and $0.07 in 2020;
 

 
•  the likelihood of a successful integration of Wolverine’s business, operations, and workforce with those of Horizon and

of successful operation of the combined company, and the belief that customer disruption in the transition phase would
not be significant due to the complementary nature of the markets served by Horizon and Wolverine;

 

 •  the historical and current market prices of Horizon’s common stock and Wolverine’s common stock;
 

 
•  the fact that Wolverine’s stockholders would own approximately 8.4% of the diluted share ownership of the combined

company (giving effect to the completion of the previously announced acquisition of LFCB);
 

 

•  the financial and other terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including the fact that the exchange ratio and the
per share amount of the cash merger consideration are both fixed, provisions designed to limit the ability of Wolverine’s
board of directors to entertain third party acquisition proposals, a provision giving Wolverine the right to terminate the
Merger Agreement in the event of a specified decline in the market value of Horizon’s common stock relative to a
designated market index unless Horizon agrees to pay additional merger consideration, and provisions providing for
payment by Wolverine to Horizon of a $3,539,000 termination fee if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain
circumstances;

 

 
•  the board’s belief that Horizon will be able to finance the cash portion of the merger consideration on substantially the

terms contemplated by it;
 

 
•  the interests of Wolverine’s directors and executive officers in the merger, in addition to their interests generally as

stockholders, as described under “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger” beginning on
page 80; and

 

 •  the need to obtain Wolverine’s stockholder approval and regulatory approvals in order to complete the transaction.

The foregoing discussion of the factors considered by Horizon’s board of directors is not intended to be exhaustive, but rather
includes the material factors considered by Horizon’s board of directors. In reaching its decision to approve the Merger Agreement and
the merger, Horizon’s board of directors did not quantify or assign any relative weights to the factors considered, and individual
directors may have given different weights
 

42



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 52/188

Table of Contents

to different factors. Horizon’s board of directors considered these factors as a whole, including discussions with, and questioning of,
Horizon’s management and its financial and legal advisors, and overall considered the factors to be favorable to, and to support, its
determination.

For the reasons set forth above, Horizon’s board of directors unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the
merger, and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Effects of the Merger

The respective boards of directors of Horizon and Wolverine believe that, over the long-term, the merger will be beneficial to
Horizon’s stockholders, including the current stockholders of Wolverine who will become Horizon stockholders if the merger is
completed. The Horizon board of directors believes that one of the potential benefits of the merger is the cost savings that may be
realized by combining the two companies and integrating Wolverine Bank into Horizon’s banking subsidiary, which savings are
expected to enhance Horizon’s earnings.

Horizon expects to reduce expenses by combining accounting, data processing, retail and lending support, and other
administrative functions after the merger, which will enable Horizon to achieve economies of scale in these areas. Promptly following
the completion of the merger, which is expected to occur early in the fourth quarter of 2017, Horizon plans to begin the process of
eliminating redundant functions and eliminating duplicative expenses that were identified prior to the completion of the merger. It is
contemplated that after the merger Horizon Bank will continue to operate the main offices and branch offices of Wolverine Bank. For
more information about Wolverine’s branch offices, see “Additional Information About Wolverine – Properties” beginning on page
134.

The amount of any cost savings Horizon may realize in 2017 will depend upon how quickly and efficiently Horizon is able to
implement the processes outlined above during the year.

Horizon believes that it will achieve cost savings based on the assumption that it will be able to:
 

 •  reduce data processing costs;
 

 •  reduce staff;
 

 •  reduce director fees;
 

 •  reduce regulatory fees; and
 

 •  reduce legal and accounting fees.

Horizon has based these assumptions on its present assessment of where savings could be realized based upon the present
independent operations of the two companies. Actual savings in some or all of these areas could be higher or lower than is currently
expected.

Horizon also believes that the merger will be beneficial to the customers of Wolverine as a result of the additional products
and services offered by Horizon and because of its increased lending capabilities.

Negotiations, Transactions, or Material Contracts

Except as set forth above or elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus, none of Wolverine, Wolverine Bank, nor any of
their respective directors, executive officers, or other affiliates had any negotiations, transactions, or material contracts with Horizon,
Horizon Bank, or any of their directors, executive officers, or other affiliates during the past three years that would require disclosure
under the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor

Wolverine engaged KBW to render financial advisory and investment banking services to Wolverine, including an opinion to
the Wolverine board of directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of Wolverine common stock of the
merger consideration to be received by such stockholders in the
 

43



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 53/188

Table of Contents

proposed merger of Wolverine with and into Horizon. Wolverine selected KBW because KBW is a nationally recognized investment
banking firm with substantial experience in transactions similar to the merger. As part of its investment banking business, KBW is
continually engaged in the valuation of financial services businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions.

As part of its engagement, representatives of KBW attended the meeting of the Wolverine board held on June 13, 2017, at
which the Wolverine board evaluated the proposed merger. At this meeting, KBW rendered to the Wolverine board an opinion to the
effect that, as of such date and subject to the procedures followed, assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and
limitations on the review undertaken by KBW as set forth in its opinion, the merger consideration in the proposed merger was fair,
from a financial point of view, to the holders of Wolverine common stock. The Wolverine board approved the Merger Agreement at
this meeting.

The description of the opinion set forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion, which is
attached as Appendix B to this document and is incorporated herein by reference, and describes the procedures followed, assumptions
made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by KBW in preparing the opinion.

KBW’s opinion speaks only as of the date of the opinion. The opinion was for the information of, and was directed to,
the Wolverine board (in its capacity as such) in connection with its consideration of the financial terms of the merger. The
opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration in the merger to the holders of
Wolverine common stock. It did not address the underlying business decision of Wolverine to engage in the merger or enter
into the Merger Agreement or constitute a recommendation to the Wolverine board in connection with the merger, and it does
not constitute a recommendation to any holder of Wolverine common stock or any stockholder of any other entity as to how to
vote in connection with the merger or any other matter, nor does it constitute a recommendation regarding whether or not any
such stockholder should enter into a voting, stockholders’ or affiliates’ agreement with respect to the merger.

KBW’s opinion was reviewed and approved by KBW’s Fairness Opinion Committee in conformity with its policies and
procedures established under the requirements of Rule 5150 of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

In connection with the opinion, KBW reviewed, analyzed and relied upon material bearing upon the financial and operating
condition of Wolverine and Horizon and bearing upon the merger, including, among other things:
 

 •  a draft of the Merger Agreement dated June 13, 2017 (the most recent draft then made available to KBW);
 

 
•  the audited financial statements and the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31,

2016 of Wolverine;
 

 
•  the unaudited quarterly financial statements and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended

March 31, 2017 of Wolverine;
 

 
•  the audited financial statements and the Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the three fiscal years ended December 31,

2016 of Horizon;
 

 
•  the unaudited quarterly financial statements and the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended

March 31, 2017 of Horizon;
 

 

•  certain regulatory filings of Wolverine, Horizon and their respective subsidiaries, including (as applicable) the semi-
annual reports on Form FR Y-9SP and quarterly reports on Form FR Y-9C and quarterly call reports required to be filed
with respect to each semi-annual period and quarter (as the case may be) during the three-year period ended
December 31, 2016 and the quarter ended March 31, 2017;

 
44



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 54/188

Table of Contents

 •  certain other interim reports and other communications of Wolverine and Horizon to their respective shareholders; and
 

 
•  other financial information concerning the businesses and operations of Wolverine and Horizon that was furnished to

KBW by Wolverine and Horizon or which KBW was otherwise directed to use for purposes of KBW’s analyses.

KBW’s consideration of financial information and other factors that it deemed appropriate under the circumstances or
relevant to its analyses included, among others, the following:
 

 •  the historical and current financial position and results of operations of Wolverine and Horizon;
 

 •  the assets and liabilities of Wolverine and Horizon;
 

 •  the nature and terms of certain other merger transactions and business combinations in the banking industry;
 

 
•  a comparison of certain financial and stock market information for Wolverine and Horizon with similar information for

certain other companies the securities of which were publicly traded;
 

 
•  financial and operating forecasts and projections of Wolverine that were prepared by, and provided to KBW and

discussed with KBW by, Wolverine management and that were used and relied upon by KBW at the direction of such
management and with the consent of the Wolverine board;

 

 

•  publicly available consensus “street estimates” of Horizon (which estimates reflected the estimated pro forma impact of
Horizon’s pending acquisition of Lafayette Community Bancorp, which acquisition was publicly announced on May 23,
2017 (the “Lafayette Acquisition”)), as well as assumed long-term Horizon growth rates provided to KBW by Horizon
management, all of which information was discussed with KBW by such management and used and relied upon by
KBW based on such discussions, at the direction of Wolverine management and with the consent of the Wolverine
board;

 

 

•  projected balance sheet and capital data of Horizon, giving effect to Horizon’s estimates and assumptions regarding the
pro forma impact of the Lafayette Acquisition, as of September 30, 2017, that was prepared by Horizon management,
provided to and discussed with KBW by such management and used and relied upon by KBW based on such discussions
at the direction of Wolverine management and with the consent of the Wolverine board; and

 

 

•  estimates regarding certain pro forma financial effects of the merger on Horizon (including, without limitation, the cost
savings and related expenses expected to result from or be derived from the merger) that were prepared by, and provided
to and discussed with KBW by, the management of Horizon, and used and relied upon by KBW based on such
discussions, at the direction of Wolverine management and with the consent of the Wolverine board.

KBW also performed such other studies and analyses as it considered appropriate and took into account its assessment of
general economic, market and financial conditions and its experience in other transactions, as well as its experience in securities
valuation and knowledge of the banking industry generally. KBW also participated in discussions that were held with the respective
managements of Wolverine and Horizon regarding the past and current business operations, regulatory relations, financial condition
and future prospects of their respective companies and such other matters as KBW deemed relevant to its inquiry. Although KBW
assisted with the efforts undertaken by Wolverine to solicit indications of interest from third parties regarding a potential transaction
with Wolverine, KBW was not requested to, and did not, engage in further discussions with parties other than Horizon once Wolverine
and Horizon entered into a period of exclusivity, notwithstanding the existence of another interested party that had recently indicated it
might still have an interest in a potential transaction with Wolverine. KBW expressed no opinion as to whether any alternative sale or
other transaction resulting from further discussions with parties other than Horizon could have been more favorable in any respect to
holders of Wolverine common stock than the merger or whether the merger consideration would have been
 

45



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 55/188

Table of Contents

more favorable to holders of Wolverine common stock than the consideration that could have been received by such holders in any
such alternative transaction.

In conducting its review and arriving at its opinion, KBW relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of
the financial and other information that was provided to it or that was publicly available and did not independently verify the accuracy
or completeness of any such information or assume any responsibility or liability for such verification, accuracy or completeness.
KBW relied upon the management of Wolverine as to the reasonableness and achievability of the financial and operating forecasts and
projections of Wolverine referred to above (and the assumptions and bases therefor), and KBW assumed that such forecasts and
projections were reasonably prepared and represented the best currently available estimates and judgments of such management and
that such forecasts and projections would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods estimated by such management. KBW
further relied, with the consent of Wolverine, upon Horizon management as to the reasonableness and achievability of the publicly
available consensus “street estimates” of Horizon, the assumed Horizon long-term growth rates, and the estimates regarding certain pro
forma financial effects of the merger on Horizon, all referred to above (and the assumptions and bases for all such information,
including, without limitation, the cost savings and related expenses expected to result or be derived from the merger), and KBW
assumed that all such information was reasonably prepared and represented, or in the case of the Horizon “street estimates” referred to
above that such estimates were consistent with, the best currently available estimates and judgments of Horizon management and that
the forecasts, projections and estimates reflected in such information would be realized in the amounts and in the time periods
estimated. KBW expressed no view or opinion as to the Lafayette Acquisition (or any terms, aspects or implications thereof) and has
assumed, with the consent of Wolverine, that the Lafayette Acquisition would be consummated as described to KBW by Horizon
management, and would occur in the third quarter of 2017.

It is understood that the portion of the foregoing financial information of Wolverine and Horizon that was provided to KBW
was not prepared with the expectation of public disclosure, that all of the foregoing financial information, including the publicly
available consensus “street estimates” of Horizon, was based on numerous variables and assumptions that are inherently uncertain,
including, without limitation, factors related to general economic and competitive conditions and that, accordingly, actual results could
vary significantly from those set forth in such information. KBW assumed, based on discussions with the respective managements of
Wolverine and Horizon and with the consent of the Wolverine board, that all such information provided a reasonable basis upon which
KBW could form its opinion and KBW expressed no view as to any such information or the assumptions or bases therefor. KBW relied
on all such information without independent verification or analysis and did not in any respect assume any responsibility or liability for
the accuracy or completeness thereof.

KBW also assumed that there were no material changes in the assets, liabilities, financial condition, results of operations,
business or prospects of either Wolverine or Horizon since the date of the last financial statements of each such entity that were made
available to KBW. KBW is not an expert in the independent verification of the adequacy of allowances for loan and lease losses and
KBW assumed, without independent verification and with Wolverine’s consent, that the aggregate allowances for loan and lease losses
for Wolverine and Horizon are adequate to cover such losses. In rendering its opinion, KBW did not make or obtain any evaluations or
appraisals or physical inspection of the property, assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Wolverine or Horizon, the collateral
securing any of such assets or liabilities, or the collectability of any such assets, nor did KBW examine any individual loan or credit
files, nor did it evaluate the solvency, financial capability or fair value of Wolverine or Horizon under any state or federal laws,
including those relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or other matters. Estimates of values of companies and assets do not purport to be
appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which companies or assets may actually be sold. Because such estimates are inherently
subject to uncertainty, KBW assumed no responsibility or liability for their accuracy.

KBW assumed, in all respects material to its analyses:
 

 
•  that the merger and any related transactions (including the bank subsidiary merger) would be completed substantially in

accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement (the final
 

46



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 56/188

Table of Contents

 
terms of which KBW assumed would not differ in any respect material to KBW’s analyses from the draft reviewed by
KBW and referred to above) with no additional payments or adjustments to the merger consideration (including the
allocation between cash and stock);

 

 
•  that the representations and warranties of each party in the Merger Agreement and in all related documents and

instruments referred to in the Merger Agreement were true and correct;
 

 
•  that each party to the Merger Agreement and all related documents would perform all of the covenants and agreements

required to be performed by such party under such documents;
 

 

•  that there were no factors that would delay or subject to any adverse conditions, any necessary regulatory or
governmental approval for the merger or any related transaction (including the subsidiary bank merger) and that all
conditions to the completion of the merger and any such related transaction would be satisfied without any waivers or
modifications to the Merger Agreement or any of the related documents; and

 

 

•  that in the course of obtaining the necessary regulatory, contractual, or other consents or approvals for the merger and
any related transaction (including the subsidiary bank merger), no restrictions, including any divestiture requirements,
termination or other payments or amendments or modifications, would be imposed that would have a material adverse
effect on the future results of operations or financial condition of Wolverine, Horizon or the pro forma entity, or the
contemplated benefits of the merger, including without limitation the cost savings and related expenses expected to
result or be derived from the merger.

KBW assumed that the merger would be consummated in a manner that complies with the applicable provisions of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and all other applicable federal and state
statutes, rules and regulations. KBW was further advised by representatives of Wolverine that Wolverine relied upon advice from its
advisors (other than KBW) or other appropriate sources as to all legal, financial reporting, tax, accounting and regulatory matters with
respect to Wolverine, Horizon, the merger and any related transaction (including the subsidiary bank merger), the Merger Agreement
and the Lafayette Acquisition. KBW did not provide advice with respect to any such matters.

KBW’s opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, as of the date of the opinion, to the holders of
Wolverine common stock of the merger consideration to be received by such holders in the merger. KBW expressed no view or opinion
as to any other terms or aspects of the merger or any term or aspect of any related transaction (including the subsidiary bank merger),
including without limitation, the form or structure of the merger (including the form of the merger consideration or the allocation of the
merger consideration between cash and stock) or any such related transaction, any consequences of the merger or any such related
transaction to Wolverine, its stockholders, creditors or otherwise, or any terms, aspects, merits or implications of any employment,
consulting, voting, support, stockholder or other agreements, arrangements or understandings contemplated or entered into in
connection with the merger or otherwise. KBW’s opinion was necessarily based upon conditions as they existed and could be evaluated
on the date of such opinion and the information made available to KBW through such date. Developments subsequent to the date of
KBW’s opinion may have affected, and may affect, the conclusion reached in KBW’s opinion and KBW did not and does not have an
obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. For purposes of KBW’s analyses, KBW did not incorporate recently-announced
proposed changes to United States tax laws regarding corporate tax rates. KBW’s opinion did not address, and KBW expressed no
view or opinion with respect to:
 

 •  the underlying business decision of Wolverine to engage in the merger or enter into the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the relative merits of the merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that are, have been or may be available to or

contemplated by Wolverine or the Wolverine board;
 

 
•  the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to any of Wolverine’s officers, directors or employees, or any

class of such persons, relative to the compensation to the holders of Wolverine common stock;
 

47



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 57/188

Table of Contents

 

•  the effect of the merger or any related transaction on, or the fairness of the consideration to be received by, holders of
any class of securities of Wolverine (other than the holders of Wolverine common stock, solely with respect to the
merger consideration as described in KBW’s opinion and not relative to the consideration to be received by holders of
any other class of securities) or holders of any class of securities of Horizon or any other party to any transaction
contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  any adjustment (as provided in the Merger Agreement) to the merger consideration assumed to be paid in the merger for

purposes of KBW’s opinion;
 

 
•  whether Horizon has sufficient cash, available lines of credit or other sources of funds to enable it to pay the aggregate

amount of the cash consideration to the holders of Wolverine common stock at the closing of the merger;
 

 •  the actual value of Horizon common stock to be issued in the merger;
 

 
•  the prices, trading range or volume at which Wolverine common stock and Horizon common stock would trade

following the public announcement of the merger or the prices, trading range or volume at which Horizon common stock
would trade following the consummation of the merger;

 

 
•  any advice or opinions provided by any other advisor to any of the parties to the merger or any other transaction

contemplated by the Merger Agreement; or
 

 

•  any legal, regulatory, accounting, tax or similar matters relating to Wolverine, Horizon, their respective shareholders, or
relating to or arising out of or as a consequence of the merger or any related transaction (including the subsidiary bank
merger), or the Lafayette Acquisition, including whether or not the merger would qualify as a tax-free reorganization for
United States federal income tax purposes.

In performing its analyses, KBW made numerous assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business,
economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of KBW, Wolverine and Horizon. Any
estimates contained in the analyses performed by KBW are not necessarily indicative of actual values or future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Additionally, estimates of the value of businesses or securities do
not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which such businesses or securities might actually be sold. Accordingly, these
analyses and estimates are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty. In addition, the KBW opinion was among several factors taken
into consideration by the Wolverine board in making its determination to approve the Merger Agreement and the merger. Consequently,
the analyses described below should not be viewed as determinative of the decision of the Wolverine board with respect to the fairness
of the merger consideration. The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger were determined through negotiation between
Wolverine and Horizon and the decision of Wolverine to enter into the Merger Agreement was solely that of the Wolverine board.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by KBW to the Wolverine board in connection with
its opinion. The summary is not a complete description of the financial analyses underlying the opinion or the presentation made by
KBW to the Wolverine board, but summarizes the material analyses performed and presented in connection with such opinion. The
financial analyses summarized below includes information presented in tabular format. The tables alone do not constitute a complete
description of the financial analyses. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex analytic process involving various
determinations as to appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular
circumstances. Therefore, a fairness opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its
opinion, KBW did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor that it considered, but rather made qualitative judgments
as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and factor. Accordingly, KBW believes that its analyses and the summary of its
analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on the information presented
below in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the full narrative description of
 

48



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 58/188

Table of Contents

the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion.

For purposes of the financial analyses described below, KBW utilized an implied value of the merger consideration of $41.49
per share of Wolverine common stock, consisting of the sum of (i) the implied value of the stock consideration of 1.0152 shares of
Horizon common stock based on the closing price of Horizon common stock on June 12, 2017, and (ii) the cash consideration of
$14.00.

Wolverine Selected Companies Analysis. Using publicly available information, KBW compared the financial performance,
financial condition and market performance of Wolverine to 12 selected publicly traded banks and thrifts that were headquartered in the
Midwest U.S. and that had total assets between $300 million and $500 million and tangible common equity to tangible assets ratios
greater than 10.00%. Targets of publicly announced merger transactions and mutual holding companies were excluded from the
selected companies.

The selected companies were as follows:
 

BOSP Bancshares, Inc.  Liberty Bancorp, Inc.

Boyle Bancorp, Inc.  Madison County Financial, Inc.

Denmark Bancshares, Inc.  Northeast Indiana Bancorp, Inc.

FNBH Bancorp, Inc.  Northern States Financial Corporation

HFB Financial Corporation  Perpetual Federal Savings Bank

Jacksonville Bancorp, Inc.  Poage Bankshares, Inc.

To perform this analysis, KBW used profitability and other financial information as of, or for the latest 12 months (“LTM”)
period ended, March 31, 2017 or, in the case of BOSP Bancshares, Inc., Boyle Bancorp, Inc., FNBH Bancorp, Inc. and HFB Financial
Corporation, December 31, 2016, and KBW also used market price information as of June 12, 2017. Where consolidated holding
company level financial data for the selected companies was unreported, subsidiary bank level data was utilized to calculate ratios.
Certain financial data prepared by KBW, and as referenced in the tables presented below, may not correspond to the data presented in
Wolverine’s historical financial statements as a result of the different periods, assumptions and methods used by KBW to compute the
financial data presented.

KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the financial performance of Wolverine and the selected companies:
 

      Selected Companies  

   Wolverine  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
LTM Return on Average Assets    1.21%   0.79%   0.94%   0.93%   1.13% 

LTM Return on Average Equity    7.58%   6.59%   7.15%   7.09%   8.63% 

LTM Return on Average Tangible Common Equity    7.50%   6.66%   7.18%   7.24%   8.65% 

LTM Net Interest Margin    3.36%   3.46%   3.59%   3.64%   3.78% 

LTM Net Interest Income / Average Assets    0.24%   0.65%   0.72%   0.80%   0.88% 

LTM Net Interest Expense / Average Assets    2.04%   3.35%   3.01%   2.94%   2.85% 

LTM Efficiency Ratio    57.40%   75.68%   70.51%   67.80%   62.80% 
 

49



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 59/188

Table of Contents

KBW’s analysis also showed the following concerning the financial condition of Wolverine and the selected companies:
 

      Selected Companies  

   Wolverine  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets    16.47%   11.30%   12.49%   13.32%   14.28% 

Total Capital Ratio    22.62%   16.93%   17.84%   18.82%   20.41% 

Loans / Deposits    119.76%   78.00%   90.40%   88.41%   92.96% 

Loan Loss Reserve / Gross Loans    2.69%   1.44%   1.54%   1.71%   1.96% 

Nonperforming Assets(1) / Total Assets    1.60%   1.61%   1.32%   1.33%   0.64% 

LTM Net Charge-Offs / Average Loans    (0.02%)   0.11%   0.01%   (0.09)%   0.08% 
 

(1) Nonperforming assets included loans 90+ days past due.

In addition, KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the market performance of Wolverine and the selected
companies (excluding the impact of the LTM earnings per share (“EPS”) multiples for two of the selected companies, which multiples
were considered to be not meaningful because they were either less than zero or greater than 30.0x):
 

      Selected Companies  

   Wolverine  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
One-Year Stock Price Change    21.89%   8.59%   19.47%   20.51%   26.37% 

One-Year Total Return    27.94%   13.18%   20.30%   23.08%   30.36% 

Year-To-Date Stock Price Change    (0.09%)   2.79%   4.68%   6.21%   8.58% 

Stock Price / Book Value per Share    1.06x   0.98x   1.05x   1.06x   1.17x 

Stock Price / Tangible Book Value per Share    1.06x   1.00x   1.07x   1.08x   1.18x 

Stock Price / LTM EPS    13.4x   11.7x   12.4x   12.6x   13.7x 

Dividend Yield(1)    5.07%   0.73%   1.50%   1.72%   2.71% 

LTM Dividend Payout(1)    68.09%   8.04%   28.42%   27.62%   44.98% 
 

(1) Dividend payout and yield calculated using most recent quarterly dividend annualized excluding special dividends.

No company used as a comparison in the above selected companies analysis is identical to Wolverine. Accordingly, an
analysis of these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in
financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved.

Horizon Bancorp Selected Companies Analysis. Using publicly available information, KBW compared the financial
performance, financial condition and market performance of Horizon to 11 selected major exchange-traded banks and thrifts that were
headquartered in the Midwest U.S. and that had total assets between $2.5 billion and $4.0 billion. Targets of publicly announced
merger transactions and mutual holding companies were excluded from the selected companies.
 

50



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 60/188

Table of Contents

The selected companies were as follows:
 

Bank Mutual Corporation    Midland States Bancorp, Inc.  

First Financial Corporation    MidWestOne Financial Group, Inc. 

First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc.    Peoples Bancorp Inc.  

German American Bancorp, Inc.    QCR Holdings, Inc.  

Independent Bank Corporation    Stock Yards Bancorp, Inc.  

Mercantile Bank Corporation   

To perform this analysis, KBW used profitability and other financial information as of, or for the LTM period ended,
March 31, 2017, and KBW also used market price information as of June 12, 2017. KBW also used 2017 and 2018 EPS estimates
taken from publicly available consensus “street estimates” of Horizon and the selected companies. Where consolidated holding
company level financial data for the selected companies was unreported, subsidiary bank level data was utilized to calculate ratios.
Certain financial data prepared by KBW, and as referenced in the tables presented below, may not correspond to the data presented in
Horizon’s historical financial statements as a result of the different periods, assumptions and methods used by KBW to compute the
financial data presented.

KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the financial performance of Horizon and the selected companies:
 

      Selected Companies  

   Horizon  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
LTM Return on Assets    0.87%   0.94%   1.01%   1.02%   1.13% 

LTM Return on Equity    8.29%   7.74%   9.13%   9.44%   11.13% 

LTM Return on Average Tangible Common Equity    11.22%   10.35%   11.77%   11.42%   13.22% 

LTM Net Interest Margin    3.50%   3.55%   3.75%   3.67%   3.81% 

LTM Net Interest Income / Average Assets    1.11%   0.95%   1.06%   1.20%   1.50% 

LTM Net Interest Expense / Average Assets    2.71%   3.09%   2.77%   2.91%   2.60% 

LTM Efficiency Ratio    62.21%   65.94%   60.70%   62.14%   58.75% 

KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the financial condition of Horizon and the selected companies:
 

      Selected Companies  

   Horizon  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
Tangible Common Equity / Tangible Assets    8.48%   8.28%   9.77%   9.63%   10.18% 

Total Capital Ratio    13.87%   12.97%   13.49%   14.06%   14.94% 

Loans / Deposits    87.93%   80.20%   85.56%   88.10%   94.10% 

Loan Loss Reserve / Gross Loans    0.70%   0.79%   1.03%   0.97%   1.07% 

Nonperforming Assets(1) / Total Assets    0.40%   0.93%   0.72%   0.89%   0.55% 

LTM Net Charge-Offs / Average Loans    0.04%   0.17%   0.08%   0.12%   (0.05%) 
 

(1) Nonperforming assets included loans 90+ days past due.
 

51



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 61/188

Table of Contents

In addition, KBW’s analysis showed the following concerning the market performance of Horizon and the selected
companies:
 

      Selected Companies  

   Horizon  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
One-Year Stock Price Change    65.80%   34.73%   42.76%   42.23%   51.98% 

One-Year Total Return    69.03%   38.86%   45.68%   45.32%   55.37% 

Year-To-Date Stock Price Change    (3.29%)   (6.41%)   (3.95%)   (2.73%)   1.03% 

Stock Price / Book Value per Share    1.72x   1.46x   1.58x   1.75x   1.98x 

Stock Price / Tangible Book Value per Share    2.30x   1.75x   1.99x   2.02x   2.21x 

Stock Price / LTM EPS    21.5x   17.8x   18.7x   19.3x   20.0x 

Stock Price / 2017 Estimated EPS    16.0x   16.9x   17.7x   18.1x   18.4x 

Stock Price / 2018 Estimated EPS    14.1x   15.3x   16.2x   16.4x   17.0x 

Dividend Yield(1)    1.62%   1.80%   2.00%   1.89%   2.24% 

LTM Dividend Payout    33.33%   32.06%   34.57%   37.43%   41.39% 
 

(1) Dividend payout and yield calculated using most recent quarterly dividend annualized excluding special dividends.

No company used as a comparison in the above selected companies analysis is identical to Horizon. Accordingly, an analysis
of these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics of the companies involved.

Selected Transactions Analysis. KBW reviewed publicly available information related to 12 selected whole bank and thrift
transactions, with acquired companies headquartered in the Midwest U.S., announced since January 1, 2016 with assets between
$200 million and $700 million, tangible common equity / tangible assets ratios greater than 10.00% and nonperforming assets to total
assets ratios less than 3.00%. Transactions without reported deal values were excluded from the selected transactions.

The selected transactions were as follows:
 

Acquiror   Acquired Company

Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc.   Wells Financial Corp.

Topeka Bancorp Inc.   Kaw Valley Bancorp, Inc.

First Busey Corporation   Mid Illinois Bancorp, Inc.

First Merchants Corporation   Arlington Bank

First Commonwealth Financial Corporation   DCB Financial Corp

United Community Bancorp, Inc.   Liberty Bancshares, Inc.

First Defiance Financial Corp.   Commercial Bancshares, Inc.

Monona Bankshares, Inc.   MCB Bankshares, Inc.

Middlefield Banc Corp.   Liberty Bank, National Association

QCR Holdings, Inc.   Community State Bank

First Mid-Illinois Bancshares, Inc.   First Clover Leaf Financial Corp.

Horizon Bancorp   La Porte Bancorp, Inc.
 

52



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 62/188

Table of Contents

For each selected transaction, KBW derived the following implied transaction statistics, in each case based on the transaction
consideration value paid for the acquired company and using financial data (if available) based on the acquired company’s then latest
publicly available financial statements prior to the announcement of the respective transaction:
 

 
•  Price per common share to LTM EPS of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions involving a private

acquired company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by LTM net
income);

 

 
•  Price per common share to book value per share of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions involving

a private acquired company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided by total
common equity);

 

 
•  Price per common share to tangible book value per share of the acquired company (in the case of selected transactions

involving a private acquired company, this transaction statistic was calculated as total transaction consideration divided
by total tangible common equity); and

 

 
•  Tangible equity premium to core deposits (total deposits less time deposits greater than $100,000) of the acquired

company, which we refer to as the “core deposit premium.”

The transaction statistics for the selected transactions were compared with the corresponding transaction statistics for the
proposed merger based on the implied transaction value for the proposed merger of $41.49 per share of Wolverine common stock and
using historical financial information for Wolverine as of and for the twelve-month period ended March 31, 2017.

The results of the analysis are set forth in the following table (excluding the impact of the LTM EPS multiple for one of the
selected transactions, which multiple was considered to be not meaningful because it was either less than zero or greater than 100.0x,
and the impact of the core deposit premium of another of the selected transactions, which core deposit premium was also considered to
be not meaningful):
 

      Selected Transactions  

   Wolverine  
25th

Percentile  Median  Average  
75th

Percentile 
Transaction Value / LTM EPS (x)    17.7x   14.4x   18.2x   17.4x   19.1x 

Transaction Value / Book Value (%)    140.0%   104.2%   124.1%   135.6%   164.7% 

Transaction Value / Tangible Book Value (%)    140.0%   116.0%   130.7%   140.3%   164.7% 

Core Deposit Premium (%)    17.1%   4.4%   4.9%   7.3%   11.3% 

No company or transaction used as a comparison in the above selected transaction analysis is identical to Wolverine or the
proposed merger. Accordingly, an analysis of these results is not mathematical. Rather, it involves complex considerations and
judgments concerning differences in financial and operating characteristics of the companies involved.

Relative Contribution Analysis. KBW analyzed the relative standalone contribution of Horizon and Wolverine to various pro
forma balance sheet and income statement items and the pro forma market capitalization of the combined entity. This analysis did not
include purchase accounting adjustments or cost savings. To perform this analysis, KBW used (i) projected balance sheet and capital
data for Horizon, giving effect to Horizon’s estimates and assumptions regarding the pro forma impact of the then pending Lafayette
Acquisition, as of September 30, 2017 provided by Horizon management, (ii) historical balance sheet and capital data for Wolverine as
of March 31, 2017, (iii) publicly available EPS consensus “street estimates” of Horizon for 2017 and 2018, (iv) financial and operating
forecasts and projections of Wolverine provided by Wolverine management, and (v) market capitalization data as of June 12, 2017
applying, in the case of Horizon, a pro forma adjustment to share count for estimated shares to be issued in the then pending Lafayette
Acquisition. The results of KBW’s analysis are set forth in the following table, which also compares the results of KBW’s analysis with
the implied pro forma ownership percentages of Horizon and Wolverine shareholders in the combined company
 

53



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 63/188

Table of Contents

based on the stock consideration of 1.0152 shares of Horizon common stock per share of Wolverine common stock and also
hypothetically assuming 100% stock consideration in the proposed merger for illustrative purposes:
 

   
Horizon as a
% of Total   

Wolverine as a
% of Total  

Ownership    

At 1.0152x    92%   8% 

Assuming 100% stock consideration    88%   12% 

Balance Sheet    

Total Assets    90%   10% 

Gross Loans Held For Investment    88%   12% 

Deposits    91%   9% 

Tangible Common Equity    82%   18% 

Income Statement    

2017 Estimated Net Income    89%   11% 

2018 Estimated Net Income    90%   10% 

Market Capitalization    90%   10% 

Forecasted Pro Forma Financial Impact Analysis. KBW performed a pro forma financial impact analysis that combined
projected income statement and balance sheet information of Horizon and Wolverine. Using (i) closing balance sheet estimates as of
September 30, 2017 for Horizon and Wolverine provided by Horizon management (giving effect, in the case of Horizon, to Horizon’s
estimates and assumptions regarding the pro forma impact of the then pending Lafayette Acquisition), (ii) publicly available consensus
“street estimates” of Horizon for 2017 and 2018, (iii) an assumed long term EPS growth rate for Horizon provided by Horizon
management, (iv) financial and operating forecasts and projections of Wolverine provided by Wolverine management and pro forma
assumptions (including certain purchase accounting adjustments, cost savings and related expenses) provided by Horizon management,
KBW analyzed the potential financial impact of the merger on certain projected financial results of Horizon. This analysis indicated the
merger could be accretive to Horizon’s estimated 2018 EPS and estimated 2019 EPS (assuming one-time merger-related charges at
closing and no additional impact to EPS), accretive to Horizon’s estimated book value per share as of September 30, 2017 and dilutive
to Horizon’s estimated tangible book value per share as of September 30, 2017. Furthermore, the analysis indicated that each of
Horizon’s tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio, leverage ratio, Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio and Total Risk Based Capital
Ratio as of September 30, 2017 could be lower. For all of the above analysis, the actual results achieved by Horizon following the
merger may vary from the projected results, and the variations may be material.

Wolverine Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. KBW performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Wolverine to estimate a
range for the implied equity value of Wolverine. In this analysis, KBW used financial forecasts and projections relating to the net
income and assets of Wolverine provided by Wolverine management, and assumed discount rates ranging from 12.0% to 16.0%. The
ranges of values were derived by adding (i) the present value of the estimated excess cash flows that Wolverine could generate over the
five-year period from 2017 to 2021 as a standalone company, and (ii) the present value of Wolverine’s implied terminal value at the end
of such period. KBW assumed that Wolverine would maintain a tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio of 8.00% and would
retain sufficient earnings to maintain that level. KBW derived implied terminal values using two methodologies, one based on tangible
book value multiples and the other based on 2022 net income multiples. Using implied terminal values for Wolverine calculated by
applying a terminal multiple range of 0.87x to 1.27x to Wolverine’s estimated tangible book value as of December 31, 2022, this
discounted cash flow
 

54



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 64/188

Table of Contents

analysis resulted in a range of implied values per share of Wolverine stock of approximately $29.14 to $35.66 per share. Using implied
terminal values for Wolverine calculated by applying a terminal multiple range of 10.4x to 14.4x to Wolverine’s estimated 2022 net
income, this discounted cash flow analysis resulted in a range of implied values per share of Wolverine common stock of
approximately $35.82 to $45.74 per share.

The discounted cash flow analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly
dependent on the assumptions that must be made, including asset and earnings growth rates, terminal values, dividend payout rates, and
discount rates. The foregoing discounted cash flow analyses did not purport to be indicative of the actual values of Wolverine.

Horizon Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. KBW performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Horizon to estimate a range
for the implied equity value of Horizon. In this analysis, KBW used publicly available consensus “street estimates” of Horizon for
2017 and 2018, as well as assumed long-term net income and asset growth rates of Horizon provided by Horizon management, and
assumed discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 13.0%. The ranges of values were derived by adding (i) the present value of the
estimated excess cash flows that Horizon could generate over the five-year period from 2017 to 2021 as a standalone company, and
(ii) the present value of Horizon’s implied terminal value at the end of such period. KBW assumed that Horizon would maintain a
tangible common equity to tangible asset ratio of 8.00% and would retain sufficient earnings to maintain that level. In calculating the
terminal value of Horizon, KBW applied a range of 14.3x to 18.3x estimated Horizon’s 2022 net income. This discounted cash flow
analysis resulted in a range of implied values per share of Horizon common stock of approximately $25.02 to $34.64 per share.

The discounted cash flow analysis is a widely used valuation methodology, but the results of such methodology are highly
dependent on the assumptions that must be made, including asset and earnings growth rates, terminal values, dividend payout rates, and
discount rates. The foregoing discounted cash flow analyses did not purport to be indicative of the actual values of Horizon.

Miscellaneous. KBW acted as financial advisor to Wolverine and not as an advisor to or agent of any other person. As part of
its investment banking business, KBW is continually engaged in the valuation of bank and bank holding company securities in
connection with acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and
valuations for various other purposes. As specialists in the securities of banking companies, KBW has experience in, and knowledge
of, the valuation of banking enterprises. KBW and its affiliates, in the ordinary course of its and their broker-dealer businesses (and
further to certain existing sales and trading relationships between KBW and Wolverine and between Horizon and a KBW broker-dealer
affiliate, respectively), may from time to time purchase securities from, and sell securities to, Wolverine and Horizon. In addition, as
market makers in securities, KBW and its affiliates may from time to time have a long or short position in, and buy or sell, debt or
equity securities of Wolverine or Horizon for its and their own accounts and for the accounts of its and their respective customers and
clients. KBW employees may also maintain individual positions in Wolverine common stock and Horizon common stock. Such
positions included on the date of KBW’s opinion and currently include an individual position in shares of Horizon common stock held
by a senior member of the KBW advisory team providing services to Wolverine in connection with the proposed merger.

Pursuant to the KBW engagement agreement, Wolverine agreed to pay KBW a cash fee equal to 1.25% of the aggregate
merger consideration, $25,000 of which became payable promptly after execution of the engagement agreement, $200,000 of which
became payable upon the rendering of KBW’s opinion, and the balance of which is contingent upon the consummation of the merger.
Wolverine also agreed to reimburse KBW for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses and disbursements incurred in connection with its
retention and to indemnify KBW against certain liabilities relating to or arising out of KBW’s engagement or KBW’s role in
connection therewith. Other than in connection with this present engagement, during the two years preceding the date of its opinion,
KBW has not provided investment banking and financial advisory services to Wolverine. During the two years preceding the date of its
opinion, KBW has not provided investment banking and financial advisory services to Horizon and has not received compensation for
such services. KBW may in the future provide investment banking and financial advisory services to Wolverine or Horizon and receive
compensation for such services.
 

55



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 65/188

Table of Contents

Certain Financial Projections Provided by Wolverine and Horizon

Wolverine and Horizon do not, as a matter of course, publicly disclose forecasts or internal projections as to their future
performance, earnings, or other results due to, among other reasons, the inherent uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and
estimates. However, during February 2017, Wolverine’s management provided Horizon certain nonpublic unaudited prospective
financial information regarding Wolverine prepared by Wolverine’s management. This nonpublic unaudited prospective financial
information was prepared by Wolverine’s management as part of the annual budget process. This prospective financial information was
updated in April 2017, and again in June 2017. In addition, KBW, in connection with the financial analyses performed in rendering its
fairness opinion, used certain unaudited projected balance sheet and capital data for Horizon, giving effect to Horizon’s estimates and
assumptions regarding the pro forma impact of the then-pending Lafayette Acquisition, as of September 30, 2017, which was provided
by Horizon management. A summary of these projections is included in this proxy statement/prospectus because such initial forecasts
and projected data were made available to Horizon and Wolverine, as the case may be, as described in the preceding sentences. They
were also provided to Sheshunoff and KBW, who also received other prospective financial information that is described below.

This nonpublic unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared for the purposes of, or with a view toward,
public disclosure or with a view toward complying with the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information, published guidelines of the SEC regarding forward-
looking statements, or GAAP. The information included below does not comprise all of the prospective financial information provided
by Horizon and Wolverine to each other or to KBW or Sheshunoff. However, a summary of the material elements of this information is
set forth below.

Although presented with numerical specificity, the financial forecasts reflect numerous estimates and assumptions of
Wolverine’s and Horizon’s respective management made at the time they were prepared, and, in the case of Wolverine, assume the
execution of various strategic initiatives that Wolverine is no longer pursuing in light of the merger. These and the other estimates and
assumptions underlying the financial forecasts involve judgments with respect to, among other things, the future interest rate
environment, the timing and level of loan originations, deposit generation, operating and other expenses, effective tax rates and other
economic, competitive, regulatory, and financial market conditions and future business decisions that may not be realized and that are
inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. These uncertainties and contingencies include, among other things, the
inherent uncertainty of the business and economic conditions affecting the industry in which Wolverine and Horizon operate, and the
risks and uncertainties described under “Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 and “Cautionary Note About Forward-Looking
Statements” beginning on page 23, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are outside the control of Wolverine and
Horizon and will be beyond the control of the combined company. There can be no assurance that the underlying assumptions would
prove to be accurate or that the projected results would be realized. Actual results may differ materially from those reflected in the
financial forecasts, whether or not the merger is completed. Further, these assumptions do not include all potential actions that the
management of Wolverine and Horizon could or might have taken during these time periods.

The inclusion in this proxy statement/prospectus of the nonpublic unaudited prospective financial information below should
not be regarded as an indication that Wolverine, Horizon, their respective boards of directors, or KBW or Sheshunoff considered, or
now consider, these projections and forecasts to be fact or necessarily predictive of actual future results, and they should not be relied
upon as such. The unaudited prospective financial information does not give effect to the merger of Wolverine and Horizon, including
the impact of negotiating or executing the Merger Agreement, the expenses to be incurred in connection with consummating the
merger, the potential synergies that may be achieved by the combined company as a result of the merger, the effect on either Horizon or
Wolverine, as applicable, of any business or strategic decision or action that has been or will be taken as a result of the Merger
Agreement having been executed, or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or actions that would likely have been taken if the
Merger Agreement had not been executed, but that were instead altered, accelerated, postponed, or not taken in anticipation of the
merger.
 

56



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 66/188

Table of Contents

No assurances can be given that, if these financial forecasts had been prepared as of the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus, the same underlying assumptions would be used. In addition, the financial forecasts may not reflect the manner
in which Horizon would operate the Wolverine business after the merger. Horizon and Wolverine do not intend to, and each
disclaims any obligation to, make publicly available any update or other revision to this unaudited prospective financial
information to reflect circumstances occurring since its preparation or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even in
the event that any or all of the underlying assumptions are shown to be in error, or to reflect changes in general economic or
industry conditions.

The financial forecasts of Wolverine summarized in this section were prepared by and are the responsibility of the
management of Wolverine. The financial forecasts of Horizon summarized in this section were prepared by and are the responsibility
of the management of Horizon. No independent registered public accounting firm has examined, compiled, or otherwise performed any
procedures with respect to the prospective financial information contained in these financial forecasts and, accordingly, no independent
registered public accounting firm has expressed any opinion or given any other form of assurance with respect thereto and no
independent registered public accounting firm assumes any responsibility for the prospective financial information.

Further, the unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the effect on any of Wolverine, Wolverine
Bank, Horizon, or Horizon Bank, as applicable, of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of Wolverine, Wolverine Bank,
Horizon, Horizon Bank, KBW or Sheshunoff, or their respective affiliates, officers, directors, advisors, or other representatives has
made, makes, or is authorized in the future to make any representation to any stockholder of Wolverine, stockholder of Horizon, or
other person regarding Wolverine’s or Horizon’s ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the unaudited
prospective financial information or that the projected results will be achieved.

In light of the foregoing, and taking into account that the Special Meeting will be held several months after the unaudited
prospective financial information was prepared, as well as the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted information, Wolverine
stockholders are cautioned not to place unwarranted reliance on such information, and Wolverine urges its stockholders to review
Wolverine’s and Horizon’s most recent financial statements for a description of their respective historical financial results.

Below are certain financial projections that were prepared by Wolverine’s management and were provided to Wolverine’s
board of directors, Horizon and KBW in connection with the proposed merger.
 

   
At December 31,

2017  
   (In millions)  
Balance Sheet Data   
Mortgage loans   $ 369.0 
General reserve for loan losses    9.6 
Total assets    412.7 
Total deposits    309.4 
Borrowings    37.0 
Total liabilities    350.5 
Total equity    62.2 
 

57



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 67/188

Table of Contents

   

For the Year
Ending

December 31,
2017  

   (In thousands) 
Income Statement Data   
Interest income   $ 18,614 
Interest expense    4,319 

    
 

Interest margin    14,295 
Provision for loan losses    300 
Other provisions/expenses    466 

    
 

Interest margin after provision and other    13,529 
Other income    1,519 
Operating expense    7,780 

    
 

Income before taxes    7,268 
Income taxes    2,293 

    
 

Net income   $ 4,975 
    

 

The prospective financial information for Wolverine that was provided to Sheshunoff in April 2017 (but not Horizon)
consisted of updated information. Specifically, Sheshunoff was provided with and used the following.
 
   At December 31,  
   2017    2018    2019    2020    2021  
   (In millions)  
Balance Sheet Data           
Assets   $389.0   $431.0   $476.0   $520.0   $573.0 
Loans    365.0    402.0    442.0    486.0    534.0 
Allowance for loan losses    9.0    9.5    9.9    10.4    10.9 
Investments    25.0    30.0    35.0    35.0    40.0 
Deposits    284.0    328.0    371.0    423.0    473.0 
Borrowings    37.0    32.0    32.0    22.0    22.0 
Capital    63.0    65.0    67.2    69.5    71.9 
 
   For the Years Ended December 31,  
   2017   2018   2019   2020   2021  
   (Dollars in millions, except EPS amounts)  
Income Information       
Net income   $4.400  $4.469  $4.805  $5.178  $5.576 
ROA    1.07%   1.09%   1.06%   1.04%   1.02% 
ROE    7.10%   6.98%   7.27%   7.58%   7.89% 
EPS   $ 2.08  $ 2.10  $ 2.25  $ 2.41  $ 2.58 

The prospective financial information for Wolverine that was provided to KBW in June 2017 (but not Horizon) by
Wolverine’s management and utilized and relied upon by KBW, as described in “– Opinion of Wolverine’s Financial Advisor,”
consisted of updated information. Specifically, KBW was provided with and used the following: (a) net income of $4.7 million in 2017
and $4.9 million in 2018 and (b) 5% annual earnings and asset growth after 2018.
 

58



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 68/188

Table of Contents

The following table presents selected financial projections for Horizon as of September 30, 2017, which were provided by
Horizon’s management to Wolverine and KBW:
 

(In thousands)   
Estimated Balance Sheet
As of September 30, 2017 

Assets   $ 3,534,840 
Total Loans    2,464,731 
Gross Loans Held for Investment    2,462,942 
Deposits    2,618,799 
Common Equity    394,431 
Tangible Common Equity    294,357 
 

59



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 69/188

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the Merger Agreement. This summary is qualified in its entirety by
reference to the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Appendix A to this document and is incorporated into this document
by reference. You should read the Merger Agreement in its entirety, as it is the legal document governing the merger.

Structure of the Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, at the completion of the merger, Wolverine will merge with and
into Horizon, with Horizon as the surviving corporation of such merger. The separate existence of Wolverine will terminate. The shares
of Horizon common stock will continue to be listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HBNC.” Immediately
following the merger, Wolverine Bank, the wholly-owned federally-chartered savings bank subsidiary of Wolverine, will merge with
and into Horizon Bank, the wholly-owned Indiana-chartered commercial bank subsidiary of Horizon. The separate existence of
Wolverine Bank will terminate. In addition, prior to the effective time of the merger, Wolverine Bank will use its reasonable best efforts
to sell its wholly-owned real estate holdings subsidiary, Wolverine Commercial Holdings, LLC, and dissolve its wholly-owned
subsidiary, Wolserv Corporation, which has a membership interest in a title company.

Under the Merger Agreement, the executive officers and directors of Horizon and Horizon Bank serving at the effective time
of the merger will continue to serve as such after the merger is consummated. In addition, Eric P. Blackhurst, a current member of
Wolverine’s board of directors, will be appointed to the boards of directors of Horizon and Horizon Bank, effective as of the closing. If
the term of the class of directors to which Mr. Blackhurst is appointed expires less than three years after the effective time of the
merger, Horizon and Horizon Bank will cause him to be nominated and recommended for election by Horizon’s stockholders at the
next election of directors as long as he continues to be eligible and qualified to serve as a director of Horizon and Horizon Bank.

Merger Consideration

If the merger is completed, each share of Wolverine common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger (other than shares held as treasury stock of Wolverine, shares held by the Wolverine Bank ESOP that are remitted to
Wolverine prior to the effective time of the merger in order to repay the Wolverine Bank ESOP loan balance as further described below,
and shares held by Horizon) will be converted into the right to receive both (i) 1.0152 shares of Horizon common stock (the “exchange
ratio” or the “stock consideration”), and (ii) $14.00 in cash (the “cash consideration,” and together with the stock consideration, the
“merger consideration”). No fractional shares of Horizon common stock will be issued in the merger. Instead, Horizon will pay to each
holder of Wolverine common stock who otherwise would be entitled to a fractional share of Horizon common stock an amount in cash
(without interest) determined by multiplying such fraction by the average per share closing price of a share of Horizon common stock
as quoted on the NASDAQ Global Select Market during the 15 consecutive trading days on which such shares were actually traded
immediately preceding the second business day prior to the closing of the merger.

The exchange ratio is subject to adjustment as follows:
 

 

•  Anti-Dilution Adjustments. If prior to the effective time of the merger, Horizon changes the number of shares of Horizon
common stock outstanding by way of a stock split, stock dividend, recapitalization, reclassification, or similar
transaction, or if Horizon establishes a record date for such a change, the exchange ratio will be adjusted accordingly so
that each holder of Wolverine common stock will receive at the effective time, in the aggregate, the number of shares of
Horizon common stock representing the same percentage of the outstanding shares of Horizon common stock that such
stockholders would have received if such change had not occurred.

 

 
•  Decrease in Market Price of Horizon Common Stock. Wolverine may notify Horizon of its decision to terminate the

Merger Agreement if, at any time during the five-day period commencing on the
 

60



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 70/188

Table of Contents

 

date on which all bank regulatory approvals (and waivers, if applicable) and all other approvals and consents necessary
for consummation of the merger have been received (disregarding any waiting period) (the “determination date”), with
such termination to be effective on the fifth day following the date Wolverine provides notice to Horizon after such
determination date, only if both of the following conditions are satisfied:

 

 
○  the average of the daily closing prices of Horizon common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select

Market for the 15 consecutive trading days on which shares of Horizon common stock actually traded
immediately preceding the determination date is less than $23.02; and

 

 
○  the percentage decrease in the stock price of Horizon from Horizon’s closing stock price on the date

immediately prior to the date of the Merger Agreement is more than 15% than the corresponding percentage
performance of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index during the same period.

If Wolverine elects to exercise its termination right as described above, Horizon may elect to avoid termination of the
Merger Agreement by increasing the exchange ratio to the lesser of the amounts determined pursuant to the following
formula: (i) a quotient, the numerator of which is equal to the product of the $27.08 (the initial Horizon market value),
the exchange ratio (as then in effect), and the average daily closing value of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift
Index for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the determination date divided by the closing value of
the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index on June 12, 2017, minus 0.15, and the denominator of which is equal to
Horizon market value as determined on the determination date; or (ii) the quotient determined by dividing $27.08 by the
closing price for Horizon’s common stock for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the determination
date, and multiplying the quotient by the product of the exchange ratio (as then in effect) and 0.85. Since the formula is
dependent on the future price of Horizon’s common stock and that of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index, it
is not possible to determine at this time if the merger consideration will be adjusted pursuant to the foregoing provisions
or what any such adjusted merger consideration would be. However, in general, more shares of Horizon common stock
would be issued, to take into account the extent by which the average price of Horizon’s common stock exceeded the
decline in the average price of the common stock of the index group.

Treatment of Wolverine Stock Options and Restricted Stock Awards

The Merger Agreement provides that all outstanding options to purchase Wolverine common stock, whether or not vested,
will be converted into the right to receive from Horizon, at the effective time of the merger, $40.00 per share in cash, minus the per
share exercise price for each share subject to a Wolverine stock option, less applicable tax withholdings. These payments will be made
by Wolverine immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, there were
outstanding vested options to purchase 93,248 shares of Wolverine common stock at a weighted average exercise price of $17.49 per
share, and outstanding unvested options to purchase 88,337 shares of Wolverine common stock with a weighted average exercise price
of $24.43. Therefore, outstanding options as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus will be cashed out for approximately
$3.5 million (based on the cash-out price of $40.00 per share of Wolverine).

At the effective time of the merger, each award of restricted shares of Wolverine common stock, whether or not vested, that is
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will fully vest and be canceled and automatically converted into the
right to receive the merger consideration. Horizon will make the payments with respect to these restricted share awards, less applicable
tax withholdings, in the same manner as the merger consideration is delivered to other Wolverine stockholders.

Voting Agreements

As of the record date of the Wolverine Special Meeting, the executive officers and directors of Wolverine owned and were
entitled to vote 216,293 shares or approximately 10.3% of the 2,105,981 outstanding
 

61



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 71/188

Table of Contents

shares of Wolverine common stock. In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, all of the directors and executive
officers of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank executed a voting agreement pursuant to which they agreed to vote all their Wolverine
shares in favor of the merger. A copy of that voting agreement is attached as Appendix C to this proxy statement/prospectus.

Treatment of Wolverine Bank’s 401(k) Plan

The Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan will be terminated no later than the day prior to the effective time of the merger.
Distributions of participants’ 401(k) Plan account balances will not begin until after a favorable determination letter is received from
the IRS with respect to the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan’s qualified status at the time of termination, except distributions may be made
earlier upon the occurrence of a participant’s retirement, death, disability, or termination of employment. Participants with outstanding
plan loans under the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan as of the effective time will be permitted to continue repaying such outstanding loans
(subject to the terms and conditions of such plan and the related loan procedures) on and after the effective time and until such time as
plan termination distributions are paid. At such time as the loans are required to be repaid or will be taxed to the borrower if not repaid,
Horizon (as successor-in-interest) will cause loans to be made, outside of any tax-qualified retirement plan, to those Wolverine Bank
employees who had loans outstanding under the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan as of the loan repayment date, in an amount not to exceed
the outstanding loan balance as of such date; provided that, such employee completes any necessary documentation and qualifies for
such loan under the applicable loan policies and underwriting standards of Horizon. Each refinancing loan will have a fixed interest
rate not to exceed 4% per annum and will have an amortization period not to exceed the remaining term of the plan loan.

Before the closing date, Horizon will amend its 401(k) plan to permit Wolverine Bank employees continuing with Horizon to
enter the Horizon 401(k) plan as of the closing date, and those employees will be credited with prior years of service with Wolverine
Bank for purposes of eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accruals). Horizon will permit Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan participants
who will be continuing employees of Horizon to roll over their account balances into the Horizon 401(k) plan, subject to the terms of
Horizon’s 401(k) plan and any applicable rollover restrictions.

Treatment of the Wolverine Bank Employee Stock Ownership Plan

No later than 10 days prior to the closing date of the merger, Wolverine will terminate the Wolverine Bank Employee Stock
Ownership Plan, effective as of the closing date. Wolverine also will amend the Wolverine Bank ESOP to: (i) freeze participation under
the plan and to provide that no distributions will be made until after the IRS issues a favorable determination letter that the plan
termination does not adversely affect the Wolverine Bank ESOP’s qualification for favorable income tax treatment under the Code
(however, distributions may be made earlier upon the occurrence of a participant’s retirement, death, disability, or termination of
employment, or any other event, other than the plan termination, that requires a distribution from the plan); and (ii) provide that the
excess of the proceeds from the sale or remittance of shares of Wolverine common stock held in the plan’s unallocated suspense
account over the unpaid principal and accrued interest of the Wolverine Bank ESOP loan attributable to the shares held in the suspense
account will (after repayment of the note) be allocated to the accounts of the Wolverine Bank ESOP’s active participants according to
each active participant’s proportionate Wolverine Bank ESOP account balance as of the day before the plan termination date.
Wolverine will file, or cause to be filed, with the IRS an application for a favorable determination letter upon termination of the
Wolverine Bank ESOP.

Wolverine will direct the trustee of the Wolverine Bank ESOP to cause the unpaid principal balance and accrued interest of
the Wolverine Bank ESOP loan to be repaid by remitting a sufficient number of Wolverine shares held in the Wolverine Bank ESOP’s
suspense account to Wolverine or any other lender, including Horizon as successor in interest to Wolverine, with each remitted share to
be valued in an amount of cash equal to the merger consideration. All remaining Wolverine shares held by the Wolverine Bank ESOP
(including any shares remaining in the suspense account) will be converted into the merger consideration.

Wolverine will make contributions to the Wolverine Bank ESOP prior to the effective time of the merger consistent with the
terms of the plan and past practices.
 

62



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 72/188

Table of Contents

Exchange and Payment Procedures

At and after the effective time of the merger, each certificate or book-entry account statement evidencing shares of Wolverine
common stock (other than shares held as treasury stock of Wolverine, shares held by the Wolverine Bank ESOP that are remitted to
Wolverine prior to the effective time of the merger to repay the Wolverine Bank ESOP loan balance and shares held by Horizon) will
represent only the right to receive the merger consideration in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement. Horizon will
provide the exchange agent with the irrevocable authorization to issue a sufficient number of shares of Horizon common stock to be
used to issue the aggregate stock consideration to Wolverine stockholders and deposit with the exchange agent sufficient cash to pay
the aggregate cash consideration payable to Wolverine stockholders. No later than five business days after the effective time of the
merger, the exchange agent will mail a letter of transmittal to each holder of Wolverine common stock, which will include detailed
instructions on how such holder may exchange such holder’s Wolverine’s stock certificates or book-entry statements for the merger
consideration.

Horizon will cause a book-entry account statement representing the number of whole shares of Horizon common stock that
each holder of Wolverine common stock has the right to receive and a check for $14.00 per share plus any cash that such holder has the
right to receive in lieu of a fractional share of Horizon common stock to be delivered to such stockholder as soon as reasonably
practicable after the stockholder delivers to Horizon certificates or book-entry statements representing such shares of Wolverine
common stock and a properly completed letter of transmittal, and any other documents required by the Merger Agreement or
reasonably requested by Horizon or the exchange agent. No interest will be paid on any merger consideration that any such holder will
be entitled to receive.

No dividends or other distributions on Horizon common stock with a record date occurring after the effective time of the
merger will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate or book-entry statement representing shares of Wolverine common
stock until the holder surrenders such certificate or book-entry statement in accordance with the Merger Agreement.

The stock transfer books of Wolverine will be closed at the effective time of the merger, and after the effective time, there will
be no transfers on the stock transfer records of Wolverine of any shares of Wolverine common stock. Horizon will be entitled to rely on
Wolverine’s stock transfer books to establish the identity of those persons entitled to receive merger consideration. In the event of a
dispute with respect to ownership of stock represented by any certificate or book-entry statement of Wolverine common stock, then
Horizon will be entitled to deposit any merger consideration represented by the former Wolverine certificate in escrow with an
independent third party selected by Horizon. If any former Wolverine certificate or book-entry statement is lost, stolen, or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such certificate or book-entry statement to be lost, stolen, or
destroyed and, if required by Horizon, the posting by such person of a bond or other indemnity as Horizon may reasonably direct as
indemnity against any claim that may be made with respect to the former Wolverine certificate or book-entry statement, Horizon will
issue the merger consideration in exchange for such lost, stolen, or destroyed certificate or book-entry statement. All shares of
Wolverine common stock owned by Horizon will be canceled and will cease to exist, and no stock of Horizon or other consideration
will be exchanged for such stock.

If outstanding certificates or book-entry statements for Wolverine shares are not surrendered or the payment for the
certificates or book-entry statements is not claimed prior to the date the merger consideration would otherwise escheat to the
appropriate governmental entity, the unclaimed merger consideration will, to the extent permitted by law, become the property of
Horizon free and clear of all claims of any person who may previously have been entitled to such consideration. Any former Wolverine
stockholder who has not complied with these exchange procedures will only be able to look to Horizon for payment of the merger
consideration or any dividends or distributions payable on Horizon stock. Neither the exchange agent, Horizon, nor Wolverine will
have any liability to a Wolverine stockholder for any escheat of the merger consideration under applicable law.
 

63



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 73/188

Table of Contents

Exchange Agent

Horizon’s stock transfer agent, Computershare, Inc., will act as the exchange agent in connection with the merger.

Dividends and Distributions

Until Wolverine common stock certificates or book-entry statements are surrendered for exchange, any dividends or other
distributions declared after the effective time of the merger with respect to Horizon common shares into which shares of Wolverine
common stock may have been converted will accrue but will not be paid. When such certificates or book-entry statements have been
duly surrendered, Horizon will pay any unpaid dividends or other distributions, without interest. After the effective time of the merger,
there will be no transfers on the stock transfer books of Wolverine of any shares of Wolverine common stock. When certificates or
book-entry statements representing shares of Wolverine common stock are presented for transfer after the completion of the merger,
they will be canceled and exchanged for the merger consideration.

Representations and Warranties

The Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of Wolverine, on the one hand, and Horizon, on the other
hand, to each other, as to, among other things, the following:
 

 •  the corporate organization and existence of each party and their subsidiaries;
 

 
•  the authority of each party to enter into the Merger Agreement, perform its obligations under the Merger

Agreement, and make it valid and binding;
 

 •  that the Merger Agreement does not conflict with or violate:
 

 ○  the articles of incorporation and bylaws of each party;
 

 ○  applicable law; and
 

 ○  agreements, instruments, or obligations of each party;
 

 •  the capitalization of Wolverine and Horizon;
 

 •  each party’s compliance with applicable law;
 

 •  the accuracy of statements made and materials provided by each party;
 

 •  the absence of undisclosed obligations or liabilities;
 

 •  financial statements and reports;
 

 •  the adequacy of its loan loss reserves;
 

 •  the filing and accuracy of tax returns;
 

 •  litigation and pending proceedings;
 

 •  each party’s deposit insurance;
 

 •  SEC filings;
 

 •  Community Reinvestment Act;
 

 •  no reason for any delays in regulatory approvals;
 

 •  compliance with bank secrecy and anti-money laundering laws and regulations;
 

 •  each party’s books and records;
 

 •  compliance with environmental laws;
 

 •  each party’s internal controls;
 

64



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 74/188

Table of Contents

 •  information security, including compliance with data protection and privacy laws and regulations;
 

 •  employee benefit plans;
 

 •  agreements with regulatory agencies; and
 

 •  insurance.

In addition, the Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of Wolverine to Horizon as to:
 

 •  material contracts;
 

 •  the status of its loans and investments;
 

 •  indebtedness;
 

 •  labor and employment matters including compliance with applicable labor and employment laws;
 

 •  obligations to employees;
 

 •  absence of certain events occurring since March 31, 2017;
 

 •  insider transactions;
 

 •  indemnification agreements;
 

 •  stockholder approval;
 

 •  title to its assets;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  the absence of a stockholder rights plan;
 

 •  broker’s, finder’s, and other fees;
 

 •  fiduciary accounts; and
 

 •  receipt of a fairness opinion from Wolverine’s financial advisor.

Finally, the Merger Agreement contains representations and warranties of Horizon to Wolverine as to:
 

 •  no approval of Horizon’s stockholders is required in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement are not subject to antitakeover provisions under Indiana

law;
 

 •  absence of certain events occurring since March 31, 2017; and
 

 •  Horizon Bank’s status as “well-capitalized” under the federal banking regulations.

No representations and warranties of the parties will survive the consummation of the merger. Additionally, the parties
qualified many of the representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement with exceptions set forth in disclosure
schedules that were separately delivered by each party to the other party to the Merger Agreement.

Conduct of Business Prior to Completion of the Merger

Under the Merger Agreement, Wolverine and Horizon have agreed to certain restrictions on their activities until the merger is
completed or terminated. In general, until the effective time of the merger:
 

 
•  Wolverine is required to conduct its business diligently, substantially in the manner as it is presently being

conducted, and in the ordinary course of business;
 

65



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 75/188

Table of Contents

 
•  Wolverine is required to use reasonable best efforts to preserve its business organization intact in all material

respects, keep available the services of the present officers and employees and preserve its present relationships
with customers and persons with whom it has business dealings;

 

 
•  Wolverine is required to use reasonable best efforts to maintain all of the material properties and assets that it owns

or utilizes in the operation of its business as currently conducted in good operating condition and repair, reasonable
wear and tear excepted;

 

 
•  Wolverine is required to maintain its books, records, and accounts in the usual, regular, and ordinary manner, on a

basis consistent with past practice and in compliance in all material respects with all statutes, laws, rules, and
regulations applicable to them and to the conduct of its business;

 

 
•  Wolverine is required to not knowingly do or fail to do anything that will cause a breach of, or default in, any

material contract, agreement, commitment, obligation, understanding, arrangement, lease, or license to which it is a
party or by which it is or may be subject or bound; and

 

 

•  Horizon is required to use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact its business organization and assets and
maintain its rights and franchises, and not take actions that would materially adversely affect the parties’ ability to
obtain the regulatory approvals for the merger, adversely affect its ability to perform its covenants under the
Merger Agreement in any material respect, or result in its representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement
not being true and correct or result in the failure of a condition to closing not being satisfied.

The following is a summary of the more significant restrictions imposed upon Wolverine, subject to the exceptions set forth
in the Merger Agreement. Specifically, without the prior consent of Horizon, which cannot be unreasonably withheld, Wolverine,
Wolverine Bank, and Wolverine’s other subsidiaries may not:
 

 
•  make any change in the capitalization or the number of issued and outstanding shares of Wolverine or its

subsidiaries, or redeem any of its outstanding shares of common stock (other than the withholding of shares to
satisfy tax obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock or the exercise of options);

 

 
•  authorize a class of stock or issue or grant any warrant, option, right, or other agreement relating to its stock or any

convertible securities, or authorize the issuance of securities (other than pursuant to the exercise of any stock
options outstanding as of the date of the Merger Agreement);

 

 

•  distribute or pay any dividends on its shares of common stock, or authorize a stock split, or make any other
distribution to its stockholders, except for semi-annual or quarterly dividends paid by Wolverine to its stockholders
not to exceed $0.80 per share in the aggregate; provided that, each of Wolverine’s subsidiaries may pay cash
dividends to Wolverine or Wolverine Bank in the ordinary course of business for payment of Wolverine’s or
Wolverine Bank’s reasonable and necessary business and operating expenses and expenses of the merger; and
provided further that, at Horizon’s request and except as prohibited by law or by any bank regulatory agency,
Wolverine Bank may pay dividends to Wolverine; and provided further that, no dividend may be paid for the
quarter in which the merger is scheduled to be consummated or is actually consummated if during such period
Wolverine’s stockholders will become entitled to receive dividends on their shares of Horizon common stock
received in the merger; and provided further that, Wolverine may pay additional dividends to its stockholders of up
to $0.80 per share in the aggregate before March 31, 2018 if the closing of the merger has not occurred before
December 31, 2017, and Wolverine’s consolidated annual net income, as agreed upon by Horizon and Wolverine, is
at least 95% of Wolverine’s 2016 consolidated audited annual net income (without taking into account Wolverine’s
professional fees and expenses related to the merger);

 
66



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 76/188

Table of Contents

 

•  purchase or otherwise acquire any investment security for their own account that exceeds $2,000,000 individually,
except as consistent with past practice, other than U.S. Treasury or other governmental obligations or asset-backed
securities issued or guaranteed by U.S. governmental or other agencies, in either case having an average remaining
life of three years or less;

 

 •  except as already committed in writing, cancel, release, or compromise any indebtedness in excess of $100,000;
 

 
•  amend the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Wolverine or the similar organizational documents of any of its

subsidiaries;
 

 

•  except for binding commitments in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement, make, renew, or otherwise
modify any loan or commitment to lend money, or issue any letter of credit to any person if the loan is an existing
credit on the books of Wolverine or any subsidiary and classified as “Other Loan Especially Mentioned,”
“Substandard,” “Doubtful,” or “Loss” in an amount in excess of $500,000; or, in the case of Wolverine Bank,
make, purchase, renew, modify, or amend or extend the maturity of (1) any commercial loan in excess of
$1,000,000 (provided Wolverine Bank may renew, modify, amend, or extend the maturity of existing performing
commercial loans (which are not classified or non-accrual) with existing principal balances of $1,500,000 or less),
(2) any mortgage loan with a loan to value in excess of 80% (unless private mortgage insurance is obtained) or any
other mortgage loan in excess of $424,000 (unless the mortgage loan can be sold in the secondary market), (3) any
consumer loan in excess of $75,000, (4) any home equity loan or line of credit in excess of $100,000, (5) any loan
participation, or (6) any agreement to purchase mortgage loans from a third-party originator;

 

 

•  waive, release, grant, or transfer any material rights of value, or enter into, amend, or terminate any contract,
agreement, lease, commitment, understanding, arrangement, or transaction, or incur any liability or obligation
requiring payments by Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries that exceed $50,000, whether individually or in the
aggregate or that contain any financial commitment extending after June 13, 2018;

 

 
•  open or close any branch or ATM, or make an application for the foregoing, except as contemplated by any bank

regulatory application filed in connection with the merger;
 

 
•  except as already committed in writing as of the date of the Merger Agreement and other than expenditures

necessary to maintain its existing assets in good repair, make any capital expenditures in excess of $100,000
individually or $250,000 in the aggregate; or

 

 
•  knowingly take or fail to take any action that would or would be likely to prevent, impede, or delay the merger

from qualifying as a tax-free reorganization under the Code.

Covenants

In addition to the restrictions noted above, Wolverine and Horizon have agreed to take other actions, such as:
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to submit the Merger Agreement to its stockholders at a meeting to be called and held as

soon as reasonably practicable following the effectiveness of the registration statement;
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, to cooperate fully and use reasonable best efforts to procure all consents,

authorizations, approvals, registrations and certificates, in completing all filings and applications and in satisfying
all other requirements prescribed by law that are necessary for consummation of the merger;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, to ensure that any materials or information provided by either Wolverine or

Horizon to the other for use in any filing with any state or federal
 

67



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 77/188

Table of Contents

 
regulatory agency or authority will not contain any untrue or misleading statement of material fact and will not
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements contained therein, in light of the circumstances in
which they are made, not false or misleading;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to use commercially reasonable efforts to obtain any required material third party

consents to agreements, contracts, commitments, leases, instruments and documents;
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to maintain insurance on its assets, properties, and operations, fidelity coverage and

directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in such amounts and with regard to such liabilities and hazards as were
insured by Wolverine as of the date of the Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, to maintain blanket bond insurance coverage relating to or resulting from any breach of
fidelity by any third-party mortgage broker compensated by Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries in connection with
the origination of any mortgage loan, with such policy to have a single loss coverage limit of no less than
$5,000,000 and a deductible of no more than $1,000,000;

 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, to continue to accrue reserves for employee benefits and merger related expenses, and to
consult and cooperate in good faith with Horizon on (i) conforming the loan and accounting policies and practices
of Wolverine to those policies and practices of Horizon for financial accounting and/or income tax reporting
purposes; and (ii) determining the amount and timing for recognizing Wolverine’s expenses of the merger, in each
case, no earlier than the fifth day before the closing of the merger and only after Horizon acknowledges that all
conditions to its obligation to consummate the merger have been satisfied;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to cease and cause to be terminated any existing solicitations, discussions, or negotiations

with other parties that have made or intend to make an acquisition proposal, except as permitted by the Merger
Agreement;

 

 •  to coordinate with each other prior to issuing any press releases;
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, to supplement, amend, and update the disclosure schedules to the Merger

Agreement as necessary;
 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, to give the other party’s representatives and agents, including investment
bankers, attorneys, or accountants, upon reasonable notice, access during normal business hours throughout the
period prior to the effective time of the merger to the other party’s properties, facilities, operations, books, and
records;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to deliver additional audited financial statements, monthly consolidated balance sheets

and income statements, call reports and other financial statements reasonably requested by Horizon;
 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, if requested by Horizon, to cooperate with an environmental consulting firm designated
by Horizon in the conduct by such firm of a Phase I environmental investigation on all real property owned or
leased by Wolverine or its subsidiaries as of the date of the Merger Agreement, and any real property acquired or
leased by Wolverine or its subsidiaries after the date of the Merger Agreement; provided, that Horizon will be
responsible for the costs of such investigation and the parties will share equally in the costs of any additional
required investigation or testing;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, to deliver any reports, notices or proxy statements sent to any governmental authority or

to Wolverine’s stockholders, and any orders issued by any governmental authority, to Horizon when available;
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, until the effective time of the merger, except with the written consent of the

other party, which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, Wolverine
 

68



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 78/188

Table of Contents

 

and Horizon each will, and will cause each of their subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to preserve intact
their business organizations and assets and maintain their rights and franchises, and will not voluntarily take any
action that would: (i) adversely affect the ability of the parties to obtain the regulatory approvals or materially
increase the period of time necessary to obtain such approvals; (ii) adversely affect the parties’ abilities to perform
their covenants under the Merger Agreement in any material respect; or (iii) result in the parties’ representations
and warranties not being true and correct (subject to the standards set forth in the Merger Agreement) or in any of
the conditions to the consummation of the merger not being satisfied;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, not to create any employment contract, agreement, or understanding with or employment

rights for any of the officers or employees of Wolverine or its subsidiaries, or prohibit or restrict Horizon from
changing, amending, or terminating any employee benefits provided to its employees from time to time;

 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, to take such actions as necessary to terminate the Wolverine Bank 401(k) Plan as soon as
practicable after the execution of the Merger Agreement, to file an application with the IRS for a favorable
determination letter as to such plan’s qualified status upon its termination, and to thereafter distribute or otherwise
transfer the account balances of participants in accordance with the applicable plan termination provisions;

 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, to take all actions necessary to terminate, as of the effective time of the merger, all of
Wolverine’s and its subsidiaries’ group insurance policies, if instructed by Horizon, and if Horizon determines to
continue any such policy or other welfare benefit plan or cafeteria plan after the effective time, to take all actions
necessary to assign any Wolverine group insurance policies to Horizon as of the effective time of the merger and to
provide Horizon with all necessary financial, enrollment, eligibility, contractual, and other information related to
Wolverine’s welfare benefit and cafeteria plans to assist Horizon in the administration of such plans after the
effective time of the merger;

 

 

•  in the case of Wolverine, to pay out all amounts payable upon a qualifying termination event in connection with a
change in control pursuant to the employment agreements between Wolverine Bank and (i) David H. Dunn dated
July 1, 2016, and (ii) Rick A. Rosinski dated July 1, 2016, provided that, if required, these agreements will be
amended prior to the effective time of the merger to provide that no payment will be made under these agreements
or under any other arrangement that would constitute an “excess parachute payment” under Section 280G of the
Code, and to the extent any payment would constitute an “excess parachute payment,” the payment will be reduced
so that the payment would no longer be considered an “excess parachute payment,” and each executive enters into
mutual termination of employment agreements and new employment agreements with Horizon Bank;

 

 

•  in the case of Horizon, to honor the employment agreements between Wolverine Bank and (i) Brian Cherry,
Commercial Loan Officer of Wolverine Bank, dated June 30, 2016 and as amended on June 13, 2017; (ii) Jeremy
Clark, Commercial Loan Officer of Wolverine Bank, dated December 15, 2016 and as amended on June 13, 2017;
and (iii) John W. Schmitt, Manager of Commercial Underwriting of Wolverine Bank, dated June 30, 2016 and as
amended on June 13, 2017, as well as the other employee benefit plans and compensation arrangements identified
by Wolverine to Horizon;

 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to assume the Long-Term Incentive Plans with Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski (the “LTIPs”),

and in the case of Wolverine, to amend the LTIPs as soon as feasible after the date of the Merger Agreement to, in
general, maintain the current status of the LTIPs;

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, no later than 10 days prior to the closing date, and subject to review and approval by

Horizon, to terminate the Wolverine Bank ESOP effective as of the closing
 

69



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 79/188

Table of Contents

 

date, to amend the Wolverine Bank ESOP to freeze participation under the plan and to prohibit distributions of
accrued benefits after the plan’s termination date until the IRS issues a favorable determination letter as to the
plan’s qualification for favorable tax treatment under the Code (except for distributions permitted under the terms
of the plan upon the occurrence of certain events), and to amend the Wolverine Bank ESOP to provide that the
excess of the proceeds from the sale or remittance of shares of Wolverine common stock held in the plan’s
unallocated suspense account over the unpaid principal and accrued interest of the note attributable to the suspense
shares shall (after repayment of the note) be allocated to the accounts of the plan participants on a pro rata basis;
and Wolverine will file an application with the IRS for the favorable determination letter regarding the Wolverine
Bank ESOP referenced above;

 

 

•  in the case of Horizon, to amend the Horizon Employee Stock Ownership Plan (the “Horizon ESOP”) to permit
continuing Wolverine employees to enter the Horizon ESOP as of the effective time of the merger (continuing
employees will be credited with prior years of service with Wolverine for eligibility and vesting purposes, but not
for benefit accruals);

 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine, use its reasonable best efforts to effectuate the sale of Wolverine Commercial Holdings,

LLC, and the dissolution of Wolserv Corporation;
 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to file all applications and notices to obtain the necessary regulatory approvals for the

transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  in the case of Wolverine and Horizon, to prepare this proxy statement/prospectus and, in the case of Horizon, file a

registration statement with the SEC covering the shares of Horizon common stock to be issued to Wolverine
stockholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to cause the shares of Horizon common stock to be issued to Wolverine stockholders

pursuant to the Merger Agreement to be approved for listing on the NASDAQ Global Select Market;
 

 

•  in the case of Horizon, to make available to the officers and employees of Wolverine who continue as employees of
Horizon after the effective time, substantially the same employee benefits as are generally available to similarly-
situated Horizon employees, and to provide credit for prior service with Wolverine and its subsidiaries for purposes
of eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accrual) under Horizon’s employee benefit plans;

 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to provide severance benefits to certain employees of Wolverine Bank as of the effective

time of the merger;
 

 

•  in the case of Horizon, maintain a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for up to six years after the
effective time of the merger to cover the present officers and directors of Wolverine and its subsidiaries with
respect to claims against such directors and officers arising from facts or events that occurred before the effective
time, and continue for six years after the effective time the indemnification and exculpation rights of the present
and former officers and directors of Wolverine and its subsidiaries against all losses, expenses, claims, damages, or
liabilities arising out of or pertaining to matters existing or occurring on or prior to the effective time to the same
extent then permitted under applicable law or the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Wolverine or its
subsidiaries;

 

 •  in the case of Horizon, to appoint Eric P. Blackhurst to Horizon’s and Horizon Bank’s boards of directors;
 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to form a Great Lakes Bay Region Advisory Board to be comprised of three to five

members and add representatives to that board (which may include members from the Wolverine or Wolverine
Bank boards of directors) from the communities served by Wolverine Bank;

 
70



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 80/188

Table of Contents

 
•  in the case of Horizon, to, at all times until the stock consideration has been paid in full, reserve a sufficient

number of shares of Horizon common stock to be issued as the stock consideration under the Merger Agreement;
 

 

•  in the case of Horizon, to take all necessary or appropriate steps to cause the transactions contemplated under the
Merger Agreement and any other dispositions of equity securities of Wolverine or acquisitions of equity securities
of Horizon in connection with the transactions under the Merger Agreement to be exempt under Rule 16b-3(d) of
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and

 

 
•  in the case of Horizon, for five years after the effective time of the merger, to cause Horizon Bank to donate

$50,000 annually to nonprofit organizations and/or community schools in the markets served by Wolverine Bank.

The Merger Agreement also contains certain additional covenants relating to employee benefits and other matters pertaining
to officers and directors. See “The Merger Agreement – Employee Benefits and Payments” beginning on page 75 and “Interests of
Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger” beginning on page 80.

Acquisition Proposals by Third Parties

In the Merger Agreement, Wolverine agreed to immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing solicitations,
discussions, or negotiations with other persons or entities concerning a proposal to acquire Wolverine. In addition, until the merger is
completed or the Merger Agreement is terminated, Wolverine has agreed that it, and its officers, directors, and representatives, and
those of its subsidiaries, will not:
 

 •  solicit, initiate, or knowingly encourage or facilitate, any inquiries to acquire Wolverine; or
 

 
•  initiate, participate in, or knowingly encourage any discussions or negotiations or otherwise knowingly cooperate

regarding an offer or proposal to acquire Wolverine.

However, at any time before the Special Meeting, Wolverine may furnish information regarding Wolverine to, or engage in
discussion with, any person or entity in response to a bona fide unsolicited proposal by the person or entity relating to an acquisition
proposal if:
 

 

•  Wolverine’s board of directors (after consultation with its financial advisor and outside legal counsel) determines in
good faith that such proposal constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to an offer that is materially more favorable
to Wolverine’s stockholders from a financial point of view and its other constituencies than the merger and is
reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay, and the failure to consider such proposal would
reasonably likely result in a breach of the fiduciary duties of Wolverine’s board of directors; and

 

 

•  Wolverine provides any information to Horizon that it intends to provide to such third party, and only after having
used its reasonable best efforts to enter into a confidentiality agreement with such third party, on terms no less
favorable to Wolverine than those contained in the confidentiality agreement with Horizon, including not providing
such third party with any exclusive right to negotiate with Wolverine.

Additionally, Wolverine will not fail to make, withdraw, or modify its recommendation to the Wolverine stockholders to
approve the Merger Agreement or enter into any letter of intent or acquisition agreement constituting or related to any acquisition
agreement, unless, at any time before the Special Meeting:
 

 
•  Wolverine’s board of directors determines in good faith (after consulting with its financial advisors and outside

counsel) that the failure to do so would reasonably likely result in a breach of its fiduciary duties to its stockholders
under applicable law; and

 

 
•  Wolverine provides written notice to Horizon that it is prepared to change or withhold its recommendation to

Wolverine’s stockholders in response to a superior proposal, and provides
 

71



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 81/188

Table of Contents

 

Horizon with the most current version of any proposed written agreement or letter of intent relating to the superior
proposal, and Horizon fails, within five business days of such notice, to make a proposal that would, in the
reasonable good faith judgment of the Wolverine board of directors (after consultation with financial advisors and
outside legal counsel), cause the offer that previously constituted a superior proposal to no longer constitute a
superior proposal or that the change or withholding of the recommendation to Wolverine’s stockholders is no
longer required to comply with its fiduciary duties.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the term “superior proposal” means any acquisition proposal relating to Wolverine,
Wolverine Bank, or any of their subsidiaries, that the Wolverine board of directors determines in good faith (after having received the
advice of its financial advisor) to be (i) materially more favorable to the stockholders of Wolverine from a financial point of view and
its other constituencies than the merger (taking into account all the terms and conditions of the proposal and the Merger Agreement,
including the $3,539,000 termination fee), and (ii) reasonably capable of being completed without undue delay.

Conditions to the Merger

The obligation of Horizon and Wolverine to consummate the merger is subject to the satisfaction, on or before the completion
of the merger, of a number of conditions, which under the terms of the Merger Agreement cannot be waived, including:
 

 •  The Merger Agreement must receive the approval of Wolverine’s stockholders.
 

 

•  Horizon must have registered with the SEC the shares of Horizon common stock to be issued to Wolverine’s
stockholders in the merger, and all state securities and blue sky approvals, authorizations, and exemptions required
to offer and sell such shares must have been received, the registration statement of which this proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, must have been declared effective by the SEC and no stop order suspending the
effectiveness of the registration statement can have been issued or threatened.

 

 

•  All regulatory approvals required to consummate the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement must
have been obtained and remain in full force and effect, all statutory waiting periods applicable to those approvals
must have expired, and none of those approvals must contain any conditions, restrictions, or requirements that
would either (i) have a material adverse effect on Horizon, or (ii) reduce the benefits of the merger to such a degree
that Horizon would not have entered into the Merger Agreement had such conditions, restrictions, or requirements
been known.

 

 
•  The shares of Horizon common stock to be issued to Wolverine’s stockholders must have been approved for listing

on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, subject to official notice of issuance.
 

 

•  None of Horizon, Wolverine, or any of their subsidiaries are subject to any statute, rule, regulation, injunction,
order, or decree which prohibits, prevents, or makes illegal the completion of the merger, and no litigation or
similar proceeding will have been initiated relating to the merger which is likely to have a material adverse effect
on Wolverine or which seeks to prevent the completion of the merger.

 

 
•  The boards of directors of Horizon and Wolverine must have received an opinion from their respective legal

counsel, dated as of the closing date, that the merger will qualify as a tax free “reorganization” for purposes of
Section 368(a) of the Code.

The obligation of Horizon and Wolverine to consummate the merger also is subject to the satisfaction or waiver, on or before
the completion of the merger, of the following conditions:
 

 
•  Wolverine and Horizon must have performed, in all material respects, all of their covenants and agreements as

required by the Merger Agreement at or prior to the effective time of the merger.
 

72



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 82/188

Table of Contents

 
•  Each of Horizon and Wolverine must have received from the other at the closing of the merger all the items,

documents, consents, and other closing deliveries, in form and content reasonably satisfactory to the recipient,
required by the Merger Agreement.

The obligation of Horizon to consummate the merger also is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other conditions,
including:
 

 

•  The representations and warranties of Wolverine relating to organization and authority, corporate power and
authority to conduct business with respect to both Wolverine and Wolverine Bank, subsidiaries, status as a
federally-chartered savings bank, corporate power and authority to enter into the Merger Agreement, the Merger
Agreement or merger conflicting with Wolverine’s or its subsidiaries’ articles of incorporation or bylaws,
capitalization, interim events that have or are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on Wolverine, and
a change in the conduct of Wolverine’s business since March 31, 2017 (in each case, after giving effect to the
matters set forth in Wolverine’s disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement) must be true, accurate, and correct
(other than, in the case of the capitalization representation, such failures to be true, accurate, and correct as are de
minimis) in accordance with its terms as of the closing date as though made on the closing date (except to the
extent such representations and warranties speak as of the date of the Merger Agreement or some other date).

 

 

•  The representations and warranties of Wolverine relating to the Merger Agreement or merger conflicting with
applicable law, financial statements and reports, absence of undisclosed liabilities, taxes, tax returns, and related
reports, broker’s, finder’s, or other fees, the fairness opinion of Wolverine’s financial advisor, and Wolverine’s SEC
filings (in each case, after giving effect to the matters set forth in Wolverine’s disclosure schedules) must be true,
accurate, and correct in all material respects as of the closing date as though made on the closing date (except to the
extent such representations and warranties speak as of the date of the Merger Agreement or some other date).

 

 

•  All the other representations and warranties of Wolverine (without giving effect to any qualification as to
materiality or material adverse effect set forth in such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving
effect to the matters set forth in Wolverine’s disclosure schedules) must be true, accurate, and correct in all respects
as of the date of the Merger Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an
earlier date) as of the closing date as though made on closing date; provided that, for these purposes, the
representations and warranties will be deemed to be true, accurate, and correct unless the failure or failures of the
representations and warranties to be true, accurate, and correct, either individually or in the aggregate, and without
giving effect to any materiality or material adverse effect qualifications in the representations or warranties, has
had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Wolverine.

 

 
•  Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski have executed and delivered mutual termination of employment agreements to

Horizon, and will have entered into new employment agreements with Horizon Bank.
 

 
•  Wolverine Bank must receive all necessary regulatory approvals for and pay to Wolverine, at least one business day

prior to the closing date of the merger, a cash dividend in the amount of Wolverine Bank’s excess capital as
determined and requested by Horizon.

 

 
•  Wolverine Bank will have provided notice of termination to Fiserv Solutions, Inc. (“Fiserv”) with respect to that

certain Master Agreement dated October 1, 2010 between Wolverine Bank and Fiserv, which relates to Wolverine
Bank’s data processing functions provided by Fiserv.

 

 
•  As of the end of the month prior to the effective time of the merger, Wolverine’s consolidated stockholders’ equity,

as defined in the Merger Agreement and subject to the exceptions listed in the Merger Agreement, will not be less
than $62,800,000.

 
73



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 83/188

Table of Contents

 •  Wolverine will have obtained all required third party consents under material contracts or agreements.

The obligation of Wolverine to consummate the merger also is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of other conditions,
including:
 

 

•  The representations and warranties of Horizon relating to organization and authority, corporate power and
authority, due organization, capitalization, and interim events since March 31, 2017 that have or are reasonably
likely to have a material adverse effect on Horizon (in each case, after giving effect to the matters set forth in
Horizon’s disclosure schedules to the Merger Agreement) must be true, accurate, and correct (other than, in the
case of the capitalization representation, such failures to be true, accurate, and correct as are de minimis) in each
case as of the date of the Merger Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as
of an earlier date) as of the closing date as though made on the closing date.

 

 

•  The representations and warranties of Horizon relating to the Merger Agreement or merger conflicting with
applicable law, absence of undisclosed liabilities, financial statements and reports, taxes, tax returns, and related
reports, and Horizon’s SEC filings (in each case, after giving effect to the matters set forth in Horizon’s disclosure
schedules) must be true, accurate, and correct in all material respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and
(except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date) as of the closing date as
though made on the closing date.

 

 

•  All the other representations and warranties of Horizon (without giving effect to any qualification as to materiality
or material adverse effect set forth in such representations or warranties but, in each case, after giving effect to the
matters set forth in Horizon’s disclosure schedules) must be true, accurate, and correct in all respects as of the date
of the Merger Agreement and (except to the extent such representations and warranties speak as of an earlier date)
as of the closing date as though made on closing date; provided that, for these purposes, the representations and
warranties will be deemed to be true, accurate, and correct unless the failure or failures of the representations and
warranties to be true, accurate, and correct, either individually or in the aggregate, and without giving effect to any
materiality or material adverse effect qualifications in the representations or warranties, has had or would
reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Horizon.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the term “material adverse effect” means, with respect to either party, any effect that
is material and adverse to the results of operations, properties, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise), value, or business
of the party and its subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis, or that would materially impair the ability of Wolverine or Horizon to perform
its obligations under the Merger Agreement or otherwise materially threaten or materially impede the consummation of the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. However, a “material adverse effect” does not include the impact of:
 

 
•  changes in banking and similar laws of general applicability to banks, savings associations, or their holding

companies or interpretations of such laws by courts or governmental authorities;
 

 
•  changes in U.S. generally accepted accounting principles or regulatory accounting requirements applicable to

banks, savings associations, or their holding companies generally;
 

 
•  effects of any action or omission taken by a party with the prior written consent of the other party or at the

direction of the other party;
 

 
•  the expenses incurred by Wolverine and Wolverine Bank or Horizon and Horizon Bank in negotiating,

documenting, effecting, and consummating the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the announcement of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and the

effect of compliance with the Merger Agreement on the business, financial
 

74



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 84/188

Table of Contents

 condition, or results of operations of Wolverine and its subsidiaries or Horizon and its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  any changes in general economic or capital market conditions affecting banks, savings associations, and their

holding companies generally, including changes in interest rates; and
 

 

•  changes in national or international political or social conditions including the engagement by the U.S. in
hostilities, whether or not pursuant to the declaration of a national emergency or war, or the occurrence of any
military or terrorist attack upon or within the U.S. or any of its territories, possessions, offices, or military
installations, unless it uniquely affects either or both of the parties or their subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Expenses

Except as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement, Wolverine and Horizon will be responsible for their respective
expenses incidental to the merger.

Employee Benefits and Payments

The Merger Agreement requires Horizon to make available to the officers and employees of Wolverine and its subsidiaries
who continue as employees of Horizon or any subsidiary substantially the same employee benefits as are generally available to
similarly-situated Horizon employees. Those officers and employees also will receive credit for prior service with Wolverine and its
subsidiaries for purposes of eligibility and vesting (but not benefit accrual) under the employee benefit plans of Horizon and its
subsidiaries. If a Wolverine benefit plan is terminated at or prior to the effective time of the merger, continuing employees will become
eligible to participate in Horizon’s similar employee benefit plans, if any, as of the effective time of the merger. Additionally, if a
Wolverine benefit plan is terminated after the effective time of the merger, continuing employees will be eligible to participate in
Horizon’s similar benefit plans, if any, on the date of such plan termination. Horizon will use its reasonable best efforts to: (i) waive
waiting period and pre-existing condition provisions for continuing employees under health and dental plans; and (ii) give continuing
employees credit under such plans for any deductibles and co-insurance payments. With respect to vacation and paid time off,
continuing employees will be subject to the terms and conditions of Horizon’s vacation and paid time off policies in place for similarly
situated employees of Horizon, with credit given for prior years of service with Wolverine and its subsidiaries for determining vacation
pay eligibility and the amount of vacation pay.

Other than with respect to Messrs. Dunn, Rosinski, Cherry, Clark, and Schmitt, employees of Wolverine Bank who are still
employed by Wolverine Bank at the effective time of the merger and who will not continue as employees of Horizon, or who continue
with Horizon but are terminated other than for cause within 12 months after the effective time or who resign because they are not
offered a comparable position with Horizon Bank within a 25 mile radius of their current work location at Wolverine Bank, will be
entitled to severance pay in accordance with Horizon’s policies and procedures. In addition, Horizon, at its expense, will provide group
career counseling for Wolverine Bank employees who will not be continuing with Horizon and will make professional career
counseling services available through its internal employee assistance program for up to four visits per employee. Also, those
terminated employees will be entitled to continuation coverage under group health plans as required by COBRA and to professional
career counseling services.

In addition, Wolverine will pay out, in a lump sum no later than the closing date of the merger, all amounts payable pursuant
to the employment agreements between Wolverine Bank and (i) Mr. Dunn dated July 1, 2016, and (ii) Mr. Rosinski dated July 1, 2016,
as if the change in control payments contemplated by those employment agreements had been triggered by the merger; provided that,
Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski enter into mutual termination of employment agreements and new employment agreements with Horizon
Bank concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement. Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski have executed the above-referenced
mutual termination of employment agreements and new employment agreements with Horizon Bank, effective upon the completion of
the merger.
 

75



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 85/188

Table of Contents

Horizon also will assume the LTIPs with Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski and the employment agreements with Messrs. Cherry,
Clark, and Schmitt, and make the payments thereunder in accordance with the terms of those plans and agreements.

Additionally, certain executives and directors of Wolverine will receive certain payments and benefits in connection with the
merger, which are described in the section captioned “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger”
beginning on page 80.

Termination

Subject to conditions and circumstances described in the Merger Agreement, either Horizon or Wolverine may terminate the
Merger Agreement if, among other things, any of the following occur:
 

 •  Wolverine’s stockholders do not approve the Merger Agreement at the Special Meeting;
 

 

•  any governmental authority has issued an order, decree, judgment or injunction that permanently restrains, enjoins
or otherwise prohibits or makes illegal the consummation of the merger, and such order has become final and
non-appealable, or if any consent or approval of a governmental authority whose consent or approval is required to
consummate the merger has been denied, or any application, filing, or notice for a regulatory approval has been
withdrawn at the request or recommendation of the applicable governmental authority; provided that, the right to
terminate the Merger Agreement under these provisions will not be available to a party whose failure to fulfill any
of its obligations (excluding representations and warranties) under the Merger Agreement has been the cause of
any event described in this paragraph;

 

 
•  the merger has not been consummated by May 31, 2018 (provided the terminating party did not cause the failure of

the merger to be consummated by that date); or
 

 •  the respective boards of directors of Horizon and Wolverine mutually agree to terminate the Merger Agreement.

Additionally, Horizon may terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the effective time of the merger if any of the
following occur:
 

 
•  any event has occurred that is not capable of being cured prior to or on May 31, 2018 and would result in a

condition to Horizon’s obligations to consummate the merger not being satisfied (as long as Horizon is not then in
material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants);

 

 

•  Wolverine breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties, or covenants contained in the Merger
Agreement and that breach or failure to perform would give rise to the failure of a closing condition to the merger,
and such condition is not capable of being satisfied prior to or on May 31, 2018, or has not been cured by
Wolverine within 20 business days after Wolverine’s receipt of written notice of such breach from Horizon (as long
as Horizon is not then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants);

 

 
•  any event, change, condition, circumstance or state of facts, or aggregation of events, changes, conditions,

circumstance or state of facts, that has, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Wolverine;
 

 
•  Wolverine’s board of directors has failed to include its recommendation to approve the merger in the proxy

statement/prospectus related to the Special Meeting;
 

 
•  Wolverine’s board of directors, after receiving an acquisition proposal from a third party, has withdrawn, modified,

or changed its approval or recommendation of the Merger Agreement and approved or recommended an
acquisition proposal with a third party;

 

 
•  Wolverine has entered into, or publicly announced its intention to enter into, a definitive agreement, agreement in

principle or letter of intent with respect to any acquisition proposal; or
 

76



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 86/188

Table of Contents

 
•  a quorum could not be convened at the Special Meeting or at a reconvened meeting held at any time prior to or on

May 31, 2018.

Wolverine may terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the effective time of the merger if any of the following
occur:
 

 
•  any event will have occurred that is not capable of being cured prior to or on May 31, 2018 and would result in a

condition to Wolverine’s obligations to consummate the merger not being satisfied (as long as Wolverine is not
then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants);

 

 

•  Horizon breaches or fails to perform any of its representations, warranties, or covenants contained in the Merger
Agreement and that breach or failure to perform would give rise to the failure of a closing condition to the merger,
and such condition is not capable of being satisfied prior to or on May 31, 2018, or has not been cured by Horizon
within 20 business days after Horizon’s receipt of written notice of such breach from Wolverine (as long as
Wolverine is not then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, or covenants);

 

 
•  any event, change, condition, circumstance, or state of facts, or aggregation of events, changes, conditions,

circumstance, or state of facts, that has, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Horizon;
 

 
•  the Wolverine board of directors has approved an acquisition proposal from a third party, or Wolverine has entered

into a definitive agreement, agreement in principle, or letter of intent with respect to a third-party acquisition
proposal; or

 

 

•  at any time during the five-day period commencing on the first date on which all bank regulatory approvals (and
waivers, if applicable) and all other approvals and consents necessary for the consummation of the merger have
been received (disregarding any waiting period) (the “determination date”), with such termination to be effective
on the fifth business day following the date Wolverine provides notice to Horizon after the determination date if
both of the following conditions are satisfied:

 

 
○  the average of the daily closing price of Horizon common stock as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select

Market for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the determination date on which shares of
Horizon common stock actually traded (the “Horizon Market Value”) is less than $23.02; and

 

 
○  the decline in Horizon’s share price is more than 15% than the corresponding percentage performance of the

SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index.

If Wolverine elects to exercise its termination right as described above, Horizon may elect to avoid termination of the
Merger Agreement by increasing the exchange ratio to the lesser of the amounts determined pursuant to the following
formula: (i) a quotient, the numerator of which is equal to the product of the $27.08 (the initial market value), the
exchange ratio (as then in effect), and the average daily closing value of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index
for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the determination date divided by the closing value of the
SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index on the determination date, minus 0.15, and the denominator of which is
equal to the Horizon Market Value on the determination date; or (ii) the quotient determined by dividing $27.08 by the
closing price for Horizon’s common stock for the 15 consecutive trading days immediately preceding the determination
date, and multiplying the quotient by the product of the exchange ratio (as then in effect) and 0.85. Since the formula is
dependent on the future price of Horizon’s common stock and that of the SNL Small Cap U.S. Bank and Thrift Index, it
is not possible presently to determine what the adjusted merger consideration would be at this time, but, in general, more
shares of Horizon common stock would be issued to Wolverine’s stockholders.

 
77



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 87/188

Table of Contents

Under certain circumstances described in the Merger Agreement, a $3,539,000 termination fee may be payable by Wolverine
to Horizon if the Merger Agreement is terminated and the merger is not consummated. See “– Termination Fee” directly below.

Termination Fee

Wolverine will pay Horizon a $3,539,000 termination fee if the Merger Agreement is terminated for any of the following
reasons:
 

 

•  if Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement because (i) Wolverine’s board of directors fails to include its
recommendation to approve the merger in the proxy statement/prospectus delivered to stockholders;
(ii) Wolverine’s board of directors has withdrawn, modified, or changed its approval or recommendation of the
Merger Agreement; (iii) Wolverine’s board of directors approves or publicly recommends an acquisition proposal
with a third party; or (iv) Wolverine has entered into or publicly announced an intention to enter into another
acquisition proposal;

 

 

•  if either party terminates the Merger Agreement because it is not approved by the requisite vote of the stockholders
of Wolverine at the Special Meeting or by Horizon because a quorum could not be convened at Wolverine’s
stockholders meeting called to approve the merger and, in each case, prior to the date of such termination a third-
party acquisition proposal was made, and prior to the date that is 12 months after such termination Wolverine or
any of its subsidiaries enters into any acquisition agreement with a third party or an acquisition proposal is
consummated;

 

 

•  if either party terminates the Merger Agreement because the consummation of the merger has not occurred by
May 31, 2018, and (i) prior to the date of such termination an acquisition proposal was made by a third party, and
(ii) prior to the date that is 12 months after such termination, Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries enters into any
acquisition agreement or any acquisition proposal is consummated;

 

 

•  if Horizon terminates the Merger Agreement because (i) Wolverine breaches or fails to perform any of its
representations, warranties, or covenants contained in the Merger Agreement and that breach or failure to perform
would give rise to the failure of a closing condition to the merger, and such condition is not capable of being
satisfied prior to or on May 31, 2018, or has not been cured by Wolverine within 20 business days after
Wolverine’s receipt of written notice of such breach from Horizon, or (ii) an event, change, condition, circumstance
or state of facts, or aggregation of events, changes, conditions, circumstances or state of facts, that has, individually
or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on Wolverine has occurred, and prior to the date that is 12 months
after such termination under (i) or (ii) above, Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries enters into any acquisition
agreement or any acquisition proposal is consummated; or

 

 
•  if Wolverine terminates the Merger Agreement because Wolverine’s board of directors has approved an acquisition

proposal from a third party, or Wolverine has entered into a definitive agreement, agreement in principle, or letter
of intent with respect to a third-party acquisition proposal.

Management and Operations After the Merger

Horizon’s officers and directors serving at the effective time of the merger will continue to serve as Horizon’s officers and
directors until such time as their successors have been duly elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation, death, or removal
from office; provided that, Horizon and Horizon Bank will take all appropriate action so that, as of the effective time of the merger and
in accordance with Horizon’s bylaws and the bylaws of Horizon Bank, Eric P. Blackhurst will be appointed to the boards of directors of
Horizon and Horizon Bank. If the term of the class of directors to which Mr. Blackhurst is appointed expires less than three years after
the effective time of the merger, Horizon and Horizon Bank will cause him to be nominated and recommended
 

78



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 88/188

Table of Contents

for election by Horizon’s stockholders at the next election of directors as long as he continues to be eligible and qualified to serve as a
director of Horizon and Horizon Bank. Horizon’s articles of incorporation and bylaws in existence as of the effective time of the
merger will remain Horizon’s articles of incorporation and bylaws following the effective time, until such articles of incorporation and
bylaws are further amended as provided by applicable law.

Environmental Inspections

Under the Merger Agreement, if requested by Horizon, Wolverine will cooperate with an environmental consulting firm
designated by Horizon in connection with the conduct, at any time after the date of the Merger Agreement, by the consultant of Phase I
environmental site assessments and any other investigation reasonably requested by Horizon on all real property (except single family,
non-agricultural residential property of one acre or less) owned or leased by Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries as of the date of the
Merger Agreement or acquired thereafter, including OREO, to the extent not prohibited by any lease governing Wolverine Bank’s lease
of any bank branch. Horizon will furnish copies of any reports of the consultant that it receives with respect to any Wolverine property,
promptly upon Horizon’s receipt of such reports. Horizon will be responsible for the costs of the Phase I assessments, and Horizon and
Wolverine will each bear 50% of the costs of any additional environmental investigation or testing as determined to be advisable or
recommended by the consultant as a result of an actual or suspected “Recognized Environmental Condition” (as such term is defined
by the American Society for Testing Materials).

Effective Time of the Merger

The merger will become effective on the day and at the time specified in the articles of merger of Horizon and Wolverine as
filed with the Indiana Secretary of State and the Maryland Department of Assessments and Taxation. Unless otherwise mutually agreed
to by the parties, the effective time of the merger will occur within 10 business days after the fulfillment of all conditions precedent to
the merger and the expiration of all waiting periods in connection with the bank regulatory applications filed for the approval of the
merger.

Regulatory Approvals for the Merger

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, the merger cannot be completed until Horizon receives necessary regulatory
approvals. The merger of Horizon Bank and Wolverine Bank requires the approval of the FDIC and IDFI. In addition, Horizon has
filed the required documentation with the FRB to request a waiver of the FRB’s approval for the merger of Wolverine into Horizon.

On July 27, 2017, Horizon Bank filed the required applications with both the IDFI and FDIC to obtain approval of the merger
of Wolverine Bank into Horizon Bank. Horizon expects to receive FDIC and IDFI approval of the bank merger and the FRB’s waiver
of the application requirements for the merger of Wolverine into Horizon in October 2017. Although we believe that we will be able to
obtain these regulatory approvals and waivers, there can be no assurance that all requisite approvals and waivers will be obtained or
that they will be obtained within the time period we anticipate.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Horizon will account for the merger under the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with GAAP. Using the
acquisition method of accounting, the assets (including identified intangible assets) and liabilities of Wolverine will be recorded by
Horizon at their respective fair values at the time of the completion of the merger. The excess of Horizon’s purchase price over the net
fair value of the tangible and identified intangible assets acquired over liabilities assumed will be recorded as goodwill.

NASDAQ Global Select Market Listing

Horizon’s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HBNC.” The shares to be issued
to the Wolverine stockholders in the merger will be eligible for trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market.
 

79



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 89/188

Table of Contents

INTERESTS OF CERTAIN DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS OF WOLVERINE IN THE MERGER

When Wolverine’s stockholders are considering the recommendation of the Wolverine board of directors in connection with
the Merger Agreement proposal, you should be aware that some of the employees and directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank have
interests that are in addition to, or different from, the interests of Wolverine’s stockholders generally, which are described below.
Wolverine’s board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the Merger
Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Except as described below, to the knowledge of Wolverine,
the officers and directors of Wolverine do not have any material interest in the merger apart from their interests as stockholders of
Wolverine.

Treatment of Stock Options

Directors and executive officers of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank hold outstanding Wolverine stock options. The Merger
Agreement provides that, at the effective time of the merger, each stock option granted by Wolverine will vest and convert into the
right to receive cash equal to the product of (1) the number of shares subject to such stock option, multiplied by (2) the excess of
$40.00 over the exercise price of such option, less applicable tax withholdings. The following table sets forth the number of
outstanding stock options held by each of the executive officers and directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank as of August 24, 2017
(the latest practicable date prior to the filing of this document) and the cash-out value of the stock options as determined under the
terms of the Merger Agreement.
 
Name   # of Stock Options(1)   Cash-Out Value 
Roberta N. Arnold    15,022   $ 270,124 
Eric P. Blackhurst    15,022    270,124 
David H. Dunn    37,612    853,792 
James W. Fisher    15,022    270,124 
Richard M. Reynolds    15,022    270,124 
Rick A. Rosinski    15,037    319,515 
J. Donald Sheets    15,022    270,124 
Howard I. Ungerleider    15,022    270,124 
Joseph M. VanderKelen    15,022    270,124 
 

(1) All stock options in the column above are vested, with the exception of 2,000 stock options awarded to Mr. Rosinski on
December 15, 2015 and 7,500 stock options awarded to each of Ms. Arnold, Mr. Blackhurst, Mr. Fisher, Mr. Reynolds,
Mr. Sheets, Mr. Ungerleider and Mr. VanderKelen on September 12, 2016. Wolverine has 49,263 stock options available under its
equity incentive plan that were never awarded.

 
80



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 90/188

Table of Contents

Treatment of Restricted Stock

Directors and executive officers of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank hold shares of Wolverine restricted stock. Under the
Merger Agreement, at the effective time of the merger, each restricted share of Wolverine common stock will vest and convert into the
right to receive the merger consideration. The following table sets forth the number of shares of restricted stock held by each of the
executive officers and directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank as of August 24, 2017 (the latest practicable date prior to the filing
of this document) and their value based on a price per share of Wolverine common stock of $39.60, the average closing price per share
over the first five business days following the announcement of the Merger Agreement.
 

Name   # of Restricted Shares(1)   
Value of Restricted

Shares  
Roberta N. Arnold    –   $ – 
Eric P. Blackhurst    –    – 
David H. Dunn    –    – 
James W. Fisher    –    – 
Richard M. Reynolds    –    – 
Rick A. Rosinski    2,000    79,200 
J. Donald Sheets    –    – 
Howard I. Ungerleider    –    – 
Joseph M. VanderKelen    –    – 
 

(1) Wolverine has 15,036 shares of restricted stock available under its equity incentive plan that were never awarded.

Payments Under Employment Agreements with David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski

Wolverine Bank maintains employment agreements with David H. Dunn, President and Chief Executive Officer of Wolverine
and Wolverine Bank, and Rick A. Rosinski, Chief Operating Officer, Treasurer and Secretary of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank. The
employment agreements with Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski provide for the following severance benefits in the event of a termination of
employment by Wolverine Bank without “cause” or a resignation by the executive for “good reason” (each term as defined in the
employment agreements) within 12 months following a change in control, such as the merger (a “qualifying termination”):
 

 

•  For Mr. Dunn, a lump sum cash severance payment: (1) equal to three times his annual base salary; and (2) equal to the
amount of benefits that would have accrued on the executive’s behalf under Wolverine Bank’s 401(k) plan and employee
stock ownership plan, with the amount of benefits determined based on the benefits accrued on behalf of the executive
under such retirement plans during the 12 months preceding his date of termination. In addition, Wolverine Bank will
provide Mr. Dunn for a period of three years (at no cost to Mr. Dunn) with non-taxable medical and dental coverage and
life insurance coverage substantially identical to the coverage maintained by Wolverine Bank for him prior to his date of
termination; provided, however, that such continued coverage would cease when Mr. Dunn becomes eligible for
Medicare coverage unless he is covered by family coverage or coverage for himself and a spouse, in which case his
family or spouse coverage would continue for the remainder of the three-year period.

 

 

•  For Mr. Rosinski, a lump sum cash severance payment: (1) equal to two times his annual base salary; and (2) equal to
the amount of benefits that would have accrued on the executive’s behalf under Wolverine Bank’s 401(k) plan and
employee stock ownership plan, with the amount of benefits determined based on the benefits accrued on behalf of the
executive under such retirement plans during the 12 months preceding his date of termination. In addition, Wolverine
Bank will provide Mr. Rosinski for a period of two years (at no cost to Mr. Rosinski) with non-taxable medical and
dental coverage and life insurance coverage substantially identical to the coverage maintained by Wolverine Bank for
him prior to his date of termination; provided, however, that

 
81



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 91/188

Table of Contents

 
such continued coverage would cease when Mr. Rosinski becomes eligible for Medicare coverage unless he is covered
by family coverage or coverage for himself and a spouse, in which case his family or spouse coverage would continue
for the remainder of the two-year period.

In connection with the Merger Agreement, Wolverine and Wolverine Bank entered into a mutual termination of employment
agreement with each of Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski, which quantify and settle the benefits owed to the executives under their
employment agreements. Under these agreements Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski will be entitled to a lump-sum cash payment of
$1,037,218 and $443,830, respectively. The payments are contingent upon the consummation of the merger and the executive’s
execution of a release of claims related to his employment with Wolverine and Wolverine Bank through the date of the merger. Each
mutual termination of employment agreement provides that the foregoing cash payments would be reduced by the minimum amount
necessary so that they do not result in an “excess parachute payment” within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue
Code. It is not expected that the payments to Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski would result in excess parachute payments.

Continued Employment for David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski

In addition to entering into a mutual termination of employment agreement, each of Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski entered into
an employment agreement with Horizon Bank that will be effective as of the effective time of the merger. Mr. Dunn will serve as
Regional Market President – Great Lakes Bay Region Michigan of Horizon Bank. Mr. Rosinski will serve as Vice President – Large
Account Relationship Manager of Horizon Bank.

The new employment agreement for Mr. Dunn has a term that will begin as of the effective of the merger and continue for
one year thereafter. Within 60 days of each anniversary date of the agreement, Mr. Dunn will meet with Horizon Bank to determine
whether to continue his employment relationship. If the parties do not reach a mutual agreement for continued employment before the
expiration date, then the employment agreement will expire and Mr. Dunn’s employment will automatically terminate. The new
employment for Mr. Rosinski has an initial term of one year, beginning immediately after the effective time of the merger. On each
anniversary date of the effective time of the merger until the year in which Mr. Rosinski attains age 64, the term will be extended for an
additional year, unless Horizon Bank provides written notice of non-renewal to Mr. Rosinski at least 30 days prior to the expiration of
any one-year term period.

The employment agreements provide for an annual base salary of $242,050 and $135,100 for Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski,
respectively. In addition, each executive is entitled to participate in the incentive compensation and employee benefit plans that are
generally available to other Horizon Bank employees with similar job duties and responsibilities. Horizon Bank will also pay for
Mr. Dunn’s country club membership dues as mutually agreed to by Horizon Bank and Mr. Dunn. In the event of the executive’s
involuntary termination without “cause” or voluntary resignation for “good reason” (each term as defined in the employment
agreements), each executive would be entitled to, in addition to any accrued but unpaid base salary and incentive compensation earned
through the date of termination, a severance payment in an amount equal to his annual base salary for the remainder of the term of his
agreement.

In addition, Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski agree (1) not to engage in certain competitive activities with respect to Horizon and
Horizon Bank in the counties of Oakland, Midland and Saginaw, Michigan, (2) not to solicit or provide services to customers or
prospective customers of Horizon Bank or any affiliate, (3) not to solicit for employment employees of Horizon Bank or its affiliates,
and (4) not to disclose confidential information. The non-competition and non-solicitation restrictions contained in the agreements
expire 36 months following the date of termination for Mr. Dunn and 24 months following the date of termination for Mr. Rosinski.
The requirement to not disclose confidential information remains in effect at all times.

Assumption of Long-Term Incentive Plans with David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski

Wolverine Bank maintains three Long-Term Incentive Plans: (1) a Long-Term Incentive Plan for Mr. Dunn, effective
January 1, 2002 (the “2002 Plan”); and (2) two Long-Term Incentive Plans for Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski, effective January 1, 2006
(the “2006 Plans”). The plans were frozen on June 30, 2010 with respect
 

82



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 92/188

Table of Contents

to new contributions. In August 2010, amounts earned under the plans as a result of the satisfaction of certain objective performance
measures were contributed to a rabbi trust and, as elected by Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski, invested in Wolverine common stock. The
benefits payable to Mr. Dunn under the 2002 Plan will currently commence on December 31, 2018 and are payable in five annual
installments, and the benefits payable to Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski under the 2006 Plans will currently commence on December 31,
2017 and are payable in five annual installments. Upon completion of the merger, Horizon will assume the 2002 Plan and 2006 Plans
and will be prohibited from accelerating the timing of the payments without the consent of the executives; provided, however, that
Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski will be prohibited from deferring the commencement date of the payments. Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski are
permitted to make investment elections, with the option of either cash, Horizon common stock or any other investment alternative
approved by Horizon. All amounts payable under the 2002 Plan and the 2006 Plans have been earned and fully accrued by Wolverine
Bank without regard to the merger.

Eric P. Blackhurst Becoming a Director of Horizon and Horizon Bank

Eric P. Blackhurst, a director of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank, will be appointed to the boards of directors of both Horizon
and Horizon Bank effective as of the closing of the merger. Mr. Blackhurst’s initial term on the Horizon board of directors will expire
at the 2019 annual meeting of Horizon’s stockholders, at which point Horizon and Horizon Bank will nominate him for re-election by
Horizon’s stockholders as long as he continues to be eligible and qualified to serve as a director of Horizon and Horizon Bank.

Great Lakes Bay Region Advisory Board

Horizon has agreed to form, as soon as reasonably practical after the effective time of the merger, a Great Lakes Bay Region
Advisory Board comprised of three to five members from communities served by Wolverine Bank. The members of the advisory board
may include representatives from the Wolverine and/or Wolverine Bank boards of directors, or other third parties as determined by
Horizon. Each of such persons will be entitled to receive fees and shares of Horizon common stock in amounts equal to those received
by members of Horizon’s other advisory boards of directors.

Indemnification and Insurance of Directors and Officers

Horizon has agreed that all rights to indemnification and exculpation from liabilities arising out of or pertaining to matters
existing or occurring on or prior to the effective time of the merger in favor of the present and former officers and directors of
Wolverine and Wolverine Bank as provided under the articles of incorporation or bylaws of Wolverine or Wolverine Bank, or permitted
under applicable law, will survive the merger and continue for six years following the merger.

In addition, Horizon has agreed to maintain a directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for up to six years following
the merger to cover the present officers and directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank with respect to claims against such directors
and officers arising from facts or events that occurred before the effective time of the merger; provided that, Horizon is not obligated to
pay each year more than 150% of Wolverine’s annual premiums for such coverage.

Employee Stock Ownership Plan

The Wolverine Bank ESOP is a tax-qualified plan that covers substantially all of the employees of Wolverine Bank who have
attained age 21. The ESOP received a share acquisition loan from Wolverine, the proceeds of which were used to acquire shares of
Wolverine common stock for the benefit of plan participants. The ESOP has pledged the shares acquired with the loan as collateral for
the loan and holds them in a suspense account, releasing them to participants’ accounts as the loan is repaid, using contributions
received from Wolverine Bank. Prior to the effective time of the merger, the outstanding share acquisition loan of the ESOP will be
repaid by the ESOP by delivering a sufficient number of unallocated shares of Wolverine common stock to Wolverine. Any unallocated
shares remaining in the suspense account (after the repayment of the outstanding share acquisition loan) will be allocated to the active
plan participants pro-rata as earnings. As of the effective time of the merger, the ESOP will be terminated and all allocated shares of
common stock held by the ESOP will be converted into the merger consideration.
 

83



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 93/188

Table of Contents

As a result of the foregoing, Wolverine’s executive officers, as well as other employees who participate in the ESOP, would
receive a benefit in connection with the ESOP’s termination to the extent that the stock price of Wolverine common stock multiplied by
the number of shares held in the suspense account exceeds the outstanding loan used to acquire those shares.

Merger-Related Executive Compensation for Wolverine’s Named Executive Officers

This section sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation for each of
Wolverine’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger. The merger-related compensation payable to
these individuals is subject to a non-binding advisory vote of Wolverine’s stockholders, as described below in the Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal.

The following table sets forth the amount of payments and benefits that each of Wolverine’s named executive officers would
receive in connection with the merger, assuming the following: (1) the effective time of the merger is October 1, 2017; and (2) Messrs.
Dunn and Rosinski remain continuously employed with Horizon Bank beginning at the effective time of the merger pursuant to their
employment agreements, as described under “– Continued Employment for David H. Dunn and Rick A. Rosinski.” The table does not
include the value of benefits that the named executive officers are vested in without regard to the occurrence of a change in control.
Amounts below are based on certain assumptions that may or may not actually occur. As a result, the actual amounts to be received by
a named executive officer may materially differ from the amounts set forth below.
 

Executive   
Cash(1)

($)    
Equity(2)

($)    
Other(3)

($)    
Total

($)  
David H. Dunn    1,037,218    853,792    581,544    2,472,554 
Rick A. Rosinski    443,830    398,715    386,901    1,229,446 
 

(1) In connection with the Merger Agreement, each of the named executive officers entered into a mutual termination of employment
agreement which quantifies and settles the benefits owed to the executives under their employment agreements. Under these
agreements, the named executive officers are entitled to the lump-sum cash payment set forth in the table. The payments are
contingent upon the consummation of the merger and the executive’s execution of a release of claims related to his employment
with Wolverine and Wolverine Bank through the date of the merger. The cash severance payable to Messrs. Dunn and Rosinski
under the mutual termination of employment agreements is considered a “single trigger” benefit, since it is payable upon a change
in control of Wolverine, provided the executive executes a general release of claims. Each mutual termination of employment
agreement provides that the payments set forth in the table would be reduced by the minimum amount necessary so that they do
not result in an “excess parachute payment” within the meaning of Section 280G of the Internal Revenue Code.

(2) The amounts in this column represent the aggregate value of: (1) the Wolverine restricted stock awards for which vesting would
be accelerated based on a per share price of $39.60, which is the average closing market price of Wolverine common stock over
the first five business days following the public announcement of the merger; and (2) the cash payment for all outstanding
Wolverine options, based on a per share value of $40.00, less the applicable per share exercise price. Such vesting and payment
are considered “single trigger” benefits, since they are payable upon a change in control of Wolverine. For Mr. Dunn, his equity
amount is attributable to the payment in cancellation of 37,612 stock options. For Mr. Rosinski, his equity amount represents
$79,200 attributable to the value of 2,000 restricted stock awards for which vesting is accelerated and $319,515 attributable to the
payment in cancellation of 15,037 stock options.

(3) The amounts in this column represent the estimated additional benefits to be received by the named executive officer that is
attributable to the Wolverine Bank ESOP upon its termination and the repayment of the outstanding ESOP loan to Wolverine.

 
84



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 94/188

Table of Contents

MATERIAL FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

General. The following is a summary of the material anticipated United States federal income tax consequences generally
applicable to a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of Wolverine common stock with respect to the exchange of Wolverine common stock
for Horizon common stock pursuant to the merger. This discussion assumes that U.S. Holders hold their Wolverine common stock as
capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This summary is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements,
judicial decisions and Treasury Regulations, each as in effect as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus. All of the foregoing is
subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect, and all are subject to differing interpretation. No advance ruling has been
sought or obtained from the Internal Revenue Service regarding the United States federal income tax consequences of the merger. As a
result, no assurance can be given that the Internal Revenue Service would not assert, or that a court would not sustain, a position
contrary to any of the tax consequences set forth below.

This summary does not address any tax consequences arising under United States federal tax laws other than United States
federal income tax laws, nor does it address the income tax consequences applicable to participants in the 401(k) plan or with respect to
employee benefits generally, nor the laws of any state, local, foreign, or other taxing jurisdiction, nor does it address any aspect of
income tax that may be applicable to non-U.S. Holders of Wolverine common stock. In addition, this summary does not address all
aspects of United States federal income taxation that may apply to U.S. Holders of Wolverine common stock in light of their particular
circumstances or U.S. Holders that are subject to special rules under the Code, such as holders of Wolverine common stock that are
partnerships or other pass-through entities (and persons holding their Wolverine common stock through a partnership or other pass-
through entity), persons who acquired shares of Wolverine common stock as a result of the exercise of employee stock options or
otherwise as compensation or through a tax-qualified retirement plan, persons subject to the alternative minimum tax, tax-exempt
organizations, financial institutions, broker-dealers, traders in securities that have elected to apply a mark to market method of
accounting, insurance companies, persons having a “functional currency” other than the U.S. dollar and persons holding their
Wolverine common stock as part of a straddle, hedging, constructive sale, or conversion transaction.

For purposes of this summary, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of Wolverine common stock that is for United States
federal income tax purposes:
 

 •  a United States citizen or resident alien;
 

 
•  a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes, created or organized

under the laws of the United States or any state therein or the District of Columbia;
 

 
•  a trust if (1) it is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more United States

persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (2) it was in existence on August 20, 1996
and has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a United States person; or

 

 •  an estate, the income of which is subject to United States federal income taxation regardless of its source.

If a partnership (including an entity treated as a partnership for United States federal income tax purposes) holds Wolverine
common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will generally depend on the status of such partner and the activities of
the partnership.

Horizon and Wolverine intend for the merger to qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
Barnes & Thornburg LLP, as counsel to Horizon, and Luse Gorman, PC, as counsel to Wolverine, each has rendered an opinion,
attached as Exhibits 8.1 and 8.2, respectively, to the Registration Statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part, that the
merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, subject to the limitations, assumptions,
and qualifications
 

85



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 95/188

Table of Contents

described therein. The obligations of Horizon and Wolverine to consummate the merger are conditioned upon the receipt of an opinion
from Barnes & Thornburg LLP, counsel to Horizon, and an opinion from Luse Gorman, PC, counsel to Wolverine, to the effect that the
merger will for federal income tax purposes qualify as a reorganization based upon the assumptions, representations, warranties, and
covenants made by Horizon and Wolverine, including those contained in the Merger Agreement. The opinion of Barnes & Thornburg
LLP also will provide that the merger will qualify as a statutory merger under Indiana state law. If any of the representations or
assumptions upon which the opinions are based are inconsistent with the actual facts existing at the effective time of the merger, the tax
consequences of the merger could be adversely affected. The determination by tax advisors as to whether the proposed merger will be
treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code will depend upon the facts and law existing at the
effective time of the proposed merger unless tax counsel determines that such determination may be made as of the last business day
before the Merger Agreement becomes a binding contract in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-1(e).

Horizon and Wolverine have not requested and do not intend to request any ruling from the Internal Revenue Service.
Accordingly, each Wolverine stockholder is urged to consult his, her, or its own tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences
resulting from the merger, including tax return reporting requirements, the applicability and effect of federal, state, local, and other
applicable tax laws and the effect of any proposed changes in the tax laws.

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Horizon and Wolverine may exercise their respective right to terminate the merger if
Barnes & Thornburg LLP or Luse Gorman, PC, as applicable, are unable to render the tax opinion at closing. If the market price of the
Horizon common stock as of the effective time declines relative to the market price of Wolverine common stock to the extent that the
value of the Horizon common stock received by the Wolverine stockholders in the merger is less than 40% of the fair market value of
the total consideration received in the merger by Wolverine’s stockholders for their shares of Wolverine common stock upon the
merger, then Horizon and Wolverine will not be obligated to consummate the merger pursuant to the Merger Agreement because
Barnes & Thornburg LLP or Luse Gorman, PC would be unable to render their respective favorable tax opinion on the merger.

Assuming the merger is treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code, no gain or loss will be
recognized by Horizon, its subsidiaries, or Wolverine or Wolverine Bank by reason of the merger. The material United States federal
income tax consequences of the merger to the U.S. Holders are described below.

Exchange of Wolverine Common Stock for Horizon Common Stock and Cash. As a result of receiving a combination of
Horizon common stock and cash in exchange for shares of Wolverine common stock, a U.S. Holder will recognize gain, but not loss,
equal to the lesser of (1) the amount of cash received, or (2) the amount of gain “realized” in the merger. The amount of gain a U.S.
Holder “realizes” will equal the amount by which (a) the cash plus the fair market value at the effective time of the merger of the
Horizon common stock received, exceeds (b) the U.S. Holders’ aggregate adjusted tax basis in the Wolverine common stock
surrendered in the merger. Any recognized loss disallowed will be included in the adjusted basis of the Horizon common stock
received in the merger, as discussed below. Any recognized gain will be taxed as a capital gain or a dividend, as described below. The
aggregate adjusted tax basis of the shares of Horizon common stock received in the merger will be the same as the aggregate adjusted
tax basis of the shares of Wolverine common stock surrendered in the merger decreased by the amount of cash received in the merger
and increased by (i) the gain recognized in the merger, if any, and (ii) the recognized loss disallowed in the merger, if any. The holding
period for shares of Horizon common stock received by such U.S. Holder will include such U.S. Holder’s holding period for the
Wolverine common stock surrendered in exchange for the Horizon common stock, provided that such shares of Wolverine common
stock were held as capital assets of the U.S. Holder at the effective time of the merger. If a U.S. Holder acquired different blocks of
Wolverine common stock at different times or at different prices, any gain or loss will be determined separately with respect to each
block of Wolverine common stock, and the cash and shares of Horizon stock received will be allocated pro rata to each such block of
stock. U.S.
 

86



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 96/188

Table of Contents

Holders of Wolverine common stock should consult their tax advisors with regard to identifying the bases or holding periods of the
particular shares of Horizon common stock received in the merger.

Taxation of Capital Gain. Except as described under “– Potential Recharacterization of Gain as a Dividend” below, gain
that U.S. Holders recognize in connection with the merger generally will constitute capital gain and will constitute long-term capital
gain if such U.S. Holders have held (or are treated as having held) their Wolverine common stock for more than one year as of the date
of the merger. Long-term capital gain of non-corporate U.S. Holders of Wolverine common stock is generally taxed at preferential
rates. For non-corporate U.S. Holders, long-term capital gain generally can be taxed at a maximum U.S. federal income tax rate that is
lower than the rate for ordinary income or for short-term capital gains. The maximum U.S. federal income tax rate in effect for long-
term capital gains recognized during 2017 is 20% for high income taxpayers, i.e., married couples filing joint returns and surviving
spouses with taxable income in excess of $470,700, heads of household with taxable income in excess of $444,550, and other
individuals with taxable income in excess of $418,400. The maximum long-term capital gains rate for most other non-high income
taxpayers is 15%. In addition, net investment income of certain high-income taxpayers may be subject to an additional 3.8% tax (i.e.,
the net investment income tax) under Section 1411 of the Code. The definition of “high income taxpayers” for purposes of the net
investment income tax is different than as defined above for purposes of the capital gains rate. Because the impact of the net
investment income tax depends primarily upon the particular circumstances of a U.S. Holder, U.S. Holders should consult their own
tax advisors regarding the potential impact of these tax rules to them.

Potential Recharacterization of Gain as a Dividend. It is possible that gain recognized by a U.S. Holder will not be capital
gain if the U.S. Holder’s receipt of cash has the effect of a distribution of a dividend, in which case the gain will be treated as dividends
to the extent of the U.S. Holder’s ratable share of accumulated earnings and profits, as calculated for United States federal income tax
purposes. For purposes of determining whether a U.S. Holder’s receipt of cash has the effect of a distribution of a dividend, the U.S.
Holder will be treated as if he, she, or it first exchanged all of his, her, or its Wolverine common stock solely in exchange for Horizon
common stock and then Horizon immediately redeemed a portion or all of that stock for the cash that the U.S. Holder actually received
in the merger (referred to herein as the “deemed redemption”). Receipt of cash will generally not have the effect of a distribution of a
dividend to the U.S. Holder if such receipt is, with respect to the U.S. Holder, “not essentially equivalent to a dividend,” “substantially
disproportionate,” or a “complete redemption,” each within the meaning of Section 302(b) of the Code.

The deemed redemption will not be “essentially equivalent to a dividend” and, therefore, will not have the effect of a
distribution of a dividend with respect to a U.S. Holder if it results in a “meaningful reduction” in the U.S. Holder’s proportionate
interest in Horizon. If a U.S. Holder that has a relatively minimal stock interest in Horizon and no right to exercise control over
corporate affairs suffers a reduction in the U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in Horizon, the U.S. Holder should be regarded as
having suffered a meaningful reduction in the U.S. Holder’s proportionate interest in Horizon. For example, the IRS has held in a
published ruling that, in the case of a less than 1% stockholder who does not have management control over the corporation, any
reduction in the stockholder’s proportionate interest will constitute a “meaningful reduction.” The IRS has also indicated in rulings that
any reduction in the interest of a minority shareholder that owns a small number of shares in a publicly and widely held corporation
and that exercises no control over corporate affairs would result in capital gain (as opposed to dividend) treatment.

The deemed redemption will be “substantially disproportionate,” and, therefore, will not have the effect of a distribution of a
dividend with respect to a U.S. Holder who owns less than 50% of the voting power of the outstanding Horizon common stock if the
percentage of the outstanding Horizon voting (including all classes that carry voting rights) and common stock (both voting and
nonvoting) that is actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder immediately after the deemed redemption is reduced to less
than 80% of the percentage of the outstanding Horizon common stock that is considered to be actually and constructively owned by the
U.S. Holder immediately before the deemed redemption.

The deemed redemption will be a “complete redemption,” and, therefore, will not have the effect of a distribution of a
dividend with respect to a U.S. Holder, if it results in a complete termination of a U.S. Holder’s
 

87



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 97/188

Table of Contents

interest in the outstanding Horizon common stock that is considered to be actually and constructively owned by the U.S. Holder
immediately before the deemed redemption.

For purposes of applying the foregoing tests, a U.S. Holder will be deemed to own the stock it actually owns and the stock it
constructively owns under the attribution rules of Section 318 of the Code. Under Section 318 of the Code, a U.S. Holder will be
deemed to own the shares of stock owned by certain family members, by certain estates and trusts of which the U.S. Holder is a
beneficiary and by certain affiliated entities, as well as shares of stock subject to an option actually or constructively owned by the U.S.
Holder or such other persons. In the event of a “complete redemption” within the meaning of Section 302(b)(3) of the Code, a U.S.
Holder may elect to waive the attribution rules of Section 318 of the Code pursuant to Section 302(c) of the Code.

The determination of whether a cash payment will be treated as having the effect of a dividend depends primarily upon the
facts and circumstances of each U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the tax treatment of the
cash received in the merger.

Taxation of Dividend. If, after applying the tests described in “– Potential Recharacterization of Gain as a Dividend” above,
the deemed redemption results in the gain recognized by a U.S. Holder being classified as a dividend, such dividend will be treated as
either ordinary income or qualified dividend income. Any gain treated as qualified dividend income will be taxable to individual
Wolverine U.S. Holders at the long-term capital gains rate, provided that the U.S. Holder held the shares giving rise to such income for
more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the closing date. The maximum rate on qualified dividends for
high income taxpayers is currently 20%. In addition, certain high-income taxpayers may be subject to an additional 3.8% net
investment income tax. Any gain treated as ordinary income will be taxable at ordinary income rates.

Cash Received In Lieu of a Fractional Share of Horizon Common Stock. A U.S. Holder who receives cash in lieu of a
fractional share of Horizon common stock will be treated as having received the fractional share pursuant to the merger and then as
having exchanged the fractional share for cash in a redemption by Horizon of the fractional share. As a result, such U.S. Holder will
generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the basis in the U.S. Holder’s
fractional share interest as set forth above. This gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or
loss if, as of the effective date of the merger, the holding period for such shares is greater than one year. See discussion in “– Taxation
of Capital Gain” above for information regarding the tax rates applicable to long-term capital gains, including the potential application
of the net investment income tax. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting. Payments of cash to a U.S. Holder may, under certain circumstances, be
subject to information reporting and backup withholding at a rate of 28% of the cash payable to the U.S. Holder, unless the U.S. Holder
provides proof of an applicable exemption or furnishes his, her, or its taxpayer identification number (Form W-9), and otherwise
complies with all applicable requirements of the backup withholding rules. Any amounts withheld from payments to a U.S. Holder
under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and will be allowed as a refund or credit against the U.S. Holder’s U.S.
federal income tax liability to the extent that they exceed such U.S. Holder’s federal income tax liability, provided the required
information is furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

A U.S. Holder will be required to retain records pertaining to the merger with regard to the stock consideration received by
such U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder who is a “significant holder” of Wolverine shares and who receives shares of Horizon will be required
to retain records pertaining to the merger with regard to the stock consideration received by such U.S. Holder and file a statement with
his, her, or its U.S. federal income tax return in accordance with Treasury Regulation Section 1.368-3 setting forth information
regarding the parties to the merger, the date of the merger, such U.S. Holder’s basis in the Wolverine common stock surrendered and
the fair market value of the Horizon common stock and cash received in the merger. A “significant holder” is a holder of Wolverine
common stock who, immediately before the merger, owned at least 1% of the outstanding stock of Wolverine or securities of
Wolverine with a basis for federal income tax purposes of at least $1 million.
 

88



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 98/188

Table of Contents

The preceding discussion is intended only as a summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger. This discussion does not address tax consequences that may vary with, or are contingent on, individual circumstances.
It is not a complete analysis or discussion of all potential tax effects that may be important to you. Thus, Wolverine urges its
stockholders to consult their own tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to them resulting from the merger, including
tax return reporting requirements, the applicability and effect of federal, state, local, and other applicable tax laws and the
effect of any proposed changes in the tax laws. The foregoing summary of material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be used, by any shareholder of Wolverine or any other person for the
purpose of avoiding penalties that may be imposed by the Internal Revenue Service.
 

89



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 99/188

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF THE RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Under the Merger Agreement, Wolverine stockholders will exchange their shares of Wolverine common stock for shares of
Horizon common stock and cash (and cash for fractional share interests). Horizon is organized under the laws of the State of Indiana,
and the rights of Horizon stockholders are governed by the laws of the State of Indiana, including the IBCL, and Horizon’s articles of
incorporation and bylaws. Wolverine is organized under the laws of the State of Maryland, and the rights of Wolverine stockholders are
governed by the laws of the State of Maryland, including the Maryland General Corporation Law (the “MGCL”), and the articles of
incorporation of Wolverine, as amended (the “Wolverine Articles”) and the bylaws of Wolverine (the “Wolverine Bylaws”). Upon
consummation of the merger, Wolverine’s stockholders receiving the stock consideration will become Horizon stockholders, and the
Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Horizon (the “Horizon Articles”), the Amended and Restated Bylaws of Horizon
(the “Horizon Bylaws”), and the IBCL will govern their rights as Horizon stockholders.

The following summary discusses some of the material differences between the current rights of Horizon stockholders and
Wolverine stockholders under the Horizon Articles, Horizon Bylaws, Wolverine Articles, Wolverine Bylaws, and applicable law.

The statements in this section are qualified in their entirety by reference to, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of, as
applicable, the Horizon Articles, the Horizon Bylaws, the Wolverine Articles, the Wolverine Bylaws, and applicable law.

Authorized Capital Stock

Horizon

Horizon currently is authorized to issue up to 66,000,000 shares of common stock, no par value, of which approximately
22,200,447 shares were outstanding as of August 24, 2017. Horizon also is authorized to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred
stock. Horizon’s board may fix the preferences, limitations, and relative voting and other rights of the shares of any series of preferred
stock that it designates. As of August 24, 2017, options to purchase 339,556 shares of Horizon common stock were outstanding.

Wolverine

Wolverine currently is authorized to issue up to 100,000,000 shares of capital stock in one class of common stock, $0.01 par
value per share. Wolverine also is authorized to issue up to 50,000,000 shares of preferred stock. As of August 24, 2017, 2,104,183
shares of common stock were outstanding and no shares of preferred stock are outstanding. Under the MGCL and the articles of
incorporation of Wolverine, the board of directors may increase or decrease the number of authorized shares without stockholder
approval. In addition, the board of directors may, without stockholder approval, establish one or more series of preferred stock and, for
any series of preferred stock, to determine the terms and rights of the series, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion and
redemption rights and liquidation preferences. The ability of Wolverine to issue shares of preferred stock could have an anti-takeover
effect. As of August 24, 2017, options to purchase 180,085 shares of Wolverine common stock were outstanding.

Voting Rights and Cumulative Voting

Horizon

Each holder of Horizon common stock generally has the right to cast one vote for each share of Horizon common stock held
of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of Horizon.

Indiana law provides that shareholders may not cumulate their votes in the election of directors unless the corporation’s
articles of incorporation so provide. The Horizon Articles do not grant cumulative voting rights to Horizon shareholders.

Wolverine

Each holder of Wolverine common stock generally has the right to cast one vote for each share of Wolverine common stock
held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of Wolverine. The
 

90



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 100/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Articles prohibit cumulative voting. The Wolverine Articles also provide that in no event will any person who beneficially
owns more than 10% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock, be entitled or permitted to vote any of the shares of common
stock held in excess of the 10% limit. This provision has been included in the articles of incorporation in reliance on Section 2-507(a)
of the MGCL, which entitles stockholders to one vote for each share of stock unless the articles of incorporation provide for a greater
or lesser number of votes per share or limit or deny voting rights.

Dividends

Horizon

Horizon may pay dividends and make other distributions at such times, in such amounts, to such persons, for such
consideration, and upon such terms and conditions as the Horizon board may determine, subject to all statutory restrictions, including
banking law restrictions discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus.

Horizon has no issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock that take preference in dividend distributions over shares of
common stock in certain circumstances. See “– Preferred Stock” below.

Wolverine

Holders of common stock are entitled, when declared by the Wolverine board, to receive dividends, subject to the rights of
holders of preferred stock. Under Maryland law, no dividends, redemptions, stock repurchases or other distributions may be declared or
paid if, after giving effect to the dividend, redemption, stock repurchase or other distribution, (1) the corporation would not be able to
pay its debts as they become due in the usual course of business, or (2) the corporation’s total assets would be less than the sum of its
total liabilities plus, unless the corporation’s charter provides otherwise, the amount that would be needed, if the corporation were to be
dissolved at the time of the distribution, to satisfy the preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights are
superior to those receiving the distribution. The board of directors may base a determination regarding the legality of the declaration or
payment of a distribution on financial statements prepared on the basis of accounting practices and principles that are reasonable in the
circumstances or on a fair valuation or other method that is reasonable in the circumstances.

In addition, a Maryland corporation that would be prohibited from making a distribution because its assets would be less than
the sum of its total liabilities and preferences of outstanding preferred stock may also make a distribution from the net earnings of the
corporation for the fiscal year in which the distribution is made, the net earnings of the corporation for the preceding fiscal year, or the
sum of the net earnings of the corporation for the preceding eight fiscal quarters.

Liquidation

Horizon

In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, and/or winding-up of Horizon, the holders of shares of Horizon common and
preferred stock, as the case may be, are entitled to receive, after the payment of or provision of payment for Horizon’s debts and other
liabilities and of all shares having priority over the common stock, a ratable share of the remaining assets of Horizon. Horizon
presently has no issued and outstanding shares of preferred stock that take preference in liquidation distributions over its shares of
common stock. See “– Dividends” directly above, and “– Preferred Stock” directly below.

Wolverine

In the event of the liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of Wolverine, the holders of its common stock would be entitled to
receive, after payment or provision for payment of all its debts and liabilities, all of the assets of Wolverine available for distribution. If
preferred stock is issued, the holders thereof may have a priority over the holders of the common stock in the event of liquidation or
dissolution.
 

91



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 101/188

Table of Contents

Preferred Stock

Horizon

In general, the Horizon board is authorized to issue preferred stock in series and to fix and state the voting powers,
designations, preferences, and other rights of the shares of each such series and the limitations thereof. The Horizon board is authorized
to issue up to 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, but no shares of preferred stock are currently outstanding. If any preferred stock is
issued, the Horizon board may fix the designation, preferences, limitations, relative voting, and other rights of the shares of such
preferred stock.

Wolverine

Pursuant to the Wolverine Articles, preferred stock may be issued with preferences and designations as Wolverine’s board of
directors may from time to time determine. Wolverine’s board of directors may, without stockholder approval, issue shares of preferred
stock with voting, dividend, liquidation and conversion rights. The issuance of shares of preferred stock could dilute the voting strength
of the holders of the common stock and may assist management in impeding an unfriendly takeover or attempted change in control.

No Sinking Fund Provisions

No common or preferred shares of Horizon or Wolverine are subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other
similar provisions.

Additional Issuances of Stock

Horizon

Except in connection with the proposed merger with LFCB, and as otherwise provided in this proxy statement/prospectus,
Horizon has no specific plans for the issuance of additional authorized shares of its common stock or for the issuance of any shares of
preferred stock. In the future, the authorized but unissued shares of Horizon common and preferred stock will be available for general
corporate purposes, including, but not limited to, issuance as stock dividends or in connection with stock splits, issuance in future
mergers or acquisitions, issuance under a cash dividend reinvestment and/or stock purchase plan, issuance under a stock incentive plan,
or issuance in future underwritten or other public or private offerings.

Section 23-1-26-2 of the IBCL permits the board of directors of an Indiana corporation to authorize the issuance of additional
shares, unless the corporation’s articles of incorporation reserve such a right to the corporation’s shareholders. Under the Horizon
Articles, no shareholder approval is required for the issuance of additional shares. As a result, the Horizon board may issue preferred
stock, without shareholder approval, possessing voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of Horizon’s
common shareholders, subject to any restrictions imposed on the issuance of such shares by the NASDAQ Stock Exchange.

Wolverine

Under the MGCL and Wolverine’s Articles, Wolverine’s board of directors may increase or decrease the number of
authorized shares without stockholder approval. Wolverine has no specific plans for the issuance of additional authorized shares of its
common stock or for the issuance of any shares of preferred stock.

Number of and Restrictions Upon Directors

Horizon

The Horizon Bylaws state that the Horizon board will be composed of five to 15 members, with the actual number being set
by the Horizon board. Currently, the number of directors is set at twelve members. The Horizon board is divided into three classes, as
nearly equal in number as possible, with the term of office of one class expiring each year. Each director holds office for the term for
which he or she was elected and until his or her successor is elected and has qualified, whichever period is longer, or until his or her
death, resignation, or removal. The Horizon Bylaws provide that a director will not qualify to serve as such effective as of the end of
the term during which he or she becomes 75 years of age, and that a non-incumbent director may not be nominated for election as a
director if he or she is 60 years of age at the time of election.
 

92



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 102/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Articles require the board of directors to be divided into three classes and that the members of each class will be
elected for a term of three years and until their successors are elected and qualified, with one class being elected annually.

Additionally, Wolverine’s Bylaws provided that a person is not qualified to serve as director if he or she: (1) is under
indictment for, or has ever been convicted of, a criminal offense involving dishonesty or breach of trust and the penalty for such
offense could be imprisonment for more than one year, (2) is a person against whom a banking agency has, within the past ten years,
issued a cease and desist order for conduct involving dishonesty or breach of trust and that order is final and not subject to appeal, or
(3) has been found either by a regulatory agency whose decision is final and not subject to appeal or by a court to have (i) breached a
fiduciary duty involving personal profit, or (ii) committed a willful violation of any law, rule or regulation governing banking,
securities, commodities or insurance, or any final cease and desist order issued by a banking, securities, commodities or insurance
regulatory agency. The Wolverine Bylaws provide that no person may serve on the board of directors and at the same time be a director
or officer of a financial institution or credit union that has an office in any county in which Wolverine or any of its subsidiaries has an
office or any contiguous county. The Wolverine Bylaws also provide that no person at least 70 years of age is eligible for election,
reelection, appointment or reappointment to the board of Wolverine. Further, no director can serve as a director of Wolverine beyond
the annual meeting of the stockholders of Wolverine immediately following the director becoming 70 years of age.

Removal of Directors

Horizon

Under Indiana law, directors may be removed in any manner provided in the corporation’s articles of incorporation. In
addition, the shareholders or directors may remove one or more directors with or without cause, unless the articles of incorporation
provide otherwise.

Under the Horizon Articles, any director may be removed, with or without cause, either at a meeting or by written consent, by
the affirmative vote of at least 70% of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Horizon entitled to vote on the election of
directors. Any director may be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of (i) the holders of a majority of all of the outstanding
shares of capital stock of Horizon entitled to vote on the election of directors at a meeting of shareholders called for that purpose, or
(ii) two-thirds or more of the other directors.

Wolverine

Under Maryland law, if a board of directors has been divided into classes, a director may not be removed without cause. The
Wolverine Articles provide that directors may be removed only for cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a
majority of the voting power of all of Wolverine’s then-outstanding common stock entitled to vote.

Special Meetings of the Board

Horizon

The Horizon Bylaws provide that special meetings of the Horizon board may be called by, or at the request of, the Chairman,
the President or a majority of the directors.

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Bylaws provide that special meetings of the board of directors may be called by one-third of the directors then in
office, the president or the chairperson of the board.
 

93



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 103/188

Table of Contents

Advance Notice Requirements for Presentation of Business and Nominations of Directors at Annual Meetings of Stockholders

Horizon

Pursuant to the Horizon Bylaws, nominations for election to the Horizon board may be made by the Horizon board or by any
Horizon shareholder. Nominations, other than those made by or on behalf of the existing management of Horizon, must be made in
writing and must be delivered or mailed to the President of Horizon not less than 120 calendar days in advance of the date of Horizon’s
proxy statement released to shareholders in connection with the previous year’s annual meeting of shareholders. All such shareholder
nominations must include the information specified in the Bylaws.

The Horizon Bylaws also provide that shareholders may submit proposals for business to be considered at Horizon’s annual
meeting of shareholders, and have those proposals included in Horizon’s proxy and proxy statement delivered to shareholders, if the
shareholder has given written notice to Horizon’s Secretary at least 120 days before the date of Horizon’s proxy statement for the prior
year. Such proposals must be made in writing, must be received at Horizon’s principal executive offices not less than 120 calendar days
in advance of the date of Horizon’s proxy statement released to shareholders in connection with the previous year’s annual meeting of
shareholders and must contain the information specified in the Bylaws.

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Bylaws provide an advance notice procedure for certain business, or nominations to the board of directors, to be
brought before an annual meeting of stockholders. In order for a stockholder to properly bring business before an annual meeting, or to
propose a nominee to the board of directors, Wolverine’s Secretary must receive written notice not earlier than the close of business on
the 90th day nor later than the 80th day prior to the date of the annual meeting. In the event that less than 90 days’ prior public
disclosure of the date of the meeting is given to stockholders, notice by the stockholder must be received not later than the 10th day
following the day on which public disclosure of the date of such meeting is first made. No adjournment or postponement of a meeting
of stockholders will commence a new period for the giving of notice.

Special Meetings of Stockholders

Horizon

The Horizon Bylaws state that special shareholders’ meetings may be called by the Chairman, the President, or, by the
Secretary, at the request in writing of a majority of the directors.

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Bylaws provide that special meetings of the stockholders may be called by the president, the majority of the
board of directors or Wolverine’s Secretary upon a request in writing therefor, signed by a majority of stockholders.

Indemnification

Horizon

Under the IBCL as applicable to Horizon, an Indiana corporation may indemnify an individual made a party to a proceeding
because the individual is or was a director or officer against liability incurred in the proceeding if (i) the individual’s conduct was in
good faith, (ii) the individual reasonably believed, in the case of conduct in the individual’s official capacity with the corporation, that
the individual’s conduct was in the best interests of the corporation, and in all other cases, that the individual’s conduct was at least not
opposed to the corporation’s best interests, and (iii) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the individual either had reasonable cause to
believe that the individual’s conduct was lawful, or the individual had no reasonable cause to believe that the individual’s conduct was
unlawful.

Unless limited by its articles of incorporation, a corporation must indemnify a director who was wholly successful, on the
merits or otherwise, in the defense of any proceeding to which the director was a party because
 

94



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 104/188

Table of Contents

the director is or was a director of the corporation against reasonable expenses incurred by the director in defense of the proceeding.

The Horizon Articles provide that every person who is or was or has agreed to become a director or officer of Horizon will be
indemnified by Horizon against any and all liability and expense that may be incurred by him or her resulting from any claim, provided
that the person acted in good faith and, for civil actions, acted in what he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of Horizon, or, for criminal actions, had reasonable cause to believe his or her conduct was lawful or had no reasonable cause
to believe that his conduct was unlawful. Horizon also may, but is not required to, indemnify an employee or agent under similar
circumstances. The indemnification by Horizon extends to attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, liabilities, and settlements. Horizon must
also advance expenses for the defense of a director or officer upon determination of eligibility and upon receipt of written affirmation
of eligibility and an undertaking by such person to repay such expenses if it should ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to
indemnification.

In order for a director or officer to be entitled to indemnification, the Horizon board, special legal counsel or the shareholders
must determine that the director has met the standards of conduct required by the Horizon Articles.

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Articles provide that a director of the corporation will not be liable to the corporation or its stockholders for
monetary damages, subject to the limitations, described below. Under Wolverine’s Articles, directors’ and officers’ liability to the
corporation or its stockholders for money damages may be expanded or limited, except that liability of a director or officer may not be
limited: (1) to the extent that it is proved that the person actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property, or services,
for the amount of the improper benefit or profit; (2) to the extent that a final adjudication adverse to the person is entered based on a
finding that the person’s action or failure to act was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of
action in the proceeding; or (3) to the extent otherwise provided under Maryland law.

Under Maryland law, a corporation may not indemnify a director or officer if it is established that: (1) the act or omission of
the director or officer was material to the matter giving rise to the proceeding, and (a) was committed in bad faith or (b) was the result
of active and deliberate dishonesty; or (2) the director or officer actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or
services; or (3) in the case of any criminal proceeding, the director or officer had reasonable cause to believe that the act or omission
was unlawful.

Under Maryland law, a corporation may not indemnify a director or officer who has been adjudged liable in a suit by or in the
right of the corporation or in which the director or officer was adjudged liable to the corporation or on the basis that a personal benefit
was improperly received. A court may order indemnification if it determines that the director is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification, even though the director did not meet the prescribed standard of conduct, was adjudged liable to the corporation or
was adjudged liable on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received; however, indemnification for an adverse judgment in a
suit by or in the right of the corporation, or for a judgment of liability on the basis that personal benefit was improperly received, is
limited to expenses. Except for a proceeding brought to enforce indemnification or where a resolution of the board of directors or an
agreement approved by the board expressly provides otherwise, a corporation may not indemnify a director for a proceeding brought
by the director against the corporation.

The Wolverine Articles provide that it will indemnify (1) its current and former directors and officers to the fullest extent
required or permitted by Maryland law, including the advancement of expenses and (2) other employees or agents to such extent as is
authorized by the board of directors and Maryland law. Maryland law allows Wolverine to indemnify any person for expenses,
liabilities, settlements, judgments and fines in suits in which such person has been made a party by reason of the fact that he or she is or
was a director, officer or employee of Wolverine.
 

95



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 105/188

Table of Contents

Preemptive Rights

Horizon

Although permitted by the IBCL, the Horizon Articles do not provide for preemptive rights to subscribe for any new or
additional common or preferred stock.

Wolverine

Under the MGCL, unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, stockholders have no preemptive rights. Wolverine’s
Articles do not provide for preemptive rights. Accordingly, Wolverine’s stockholders do not have preemptive rights.

Amendment of Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws

Horizon

Except as otherwise provided below, amendments to the Horizon Articles must be approved by a majority vote of the Horizon
board and also by a vote of shareholders entitled to vote on the matter in which more votes are cast in favor of the amendment than
against the amendment. The following provisions of the Horizon Articles may not be altered, amended, or repealed without the
affirmative vote of at least 70% of the outstanding shares of Horizon stock entitled to vote on such matter:
 

 •  Section 6.3, which establishes a three-tier director class structure; and
 

 •  Section 6.4, regarding director removal.

The Horizon Articles may be amended by the Horizon board without shareholder approval to designate a new series of
preferred shares.

The Horizon Bylaws may be amended only by a majority vote of the number of directors of the Horizon board in office at the
time of the vote.

Wolverine

Wolverine’s Articles may be amended, upon the submission of an amendment by the board of directors to a vote of the
stockholders, by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting common stock of Wolverine, or by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock if at least two-thirds of the members of the board of directors approves
such amendment. However, approval by at least 80% of the outstanding common stock is required to amend certain provisions
regarding, but not limited to, the limitation of voting rights, majority voting, classification of the board, board vacancies, removal of
directors, amendment of the bylaws, acquisition offers, issuance of preferred stock, a stockholder quorum, indemnification of officers
and directors, limitations on liability, cumulative voting, advance notice requirements for stockholder proposals and nominations, and
the provision requiring at least 80% outstanding voting stock approval to amend the aforementioned provisions.

Restrictions on Unsolicited Changes in Control (Anti-Takeover Protections)

Horizon

General. The Horizon Articles include several provisions that may have the effect of rendering the company less attractive to
potential acquirors, thereby discouraging future takeover attempts that certain shareholders might deem to be in their best interests, or
pursuant to which shareholders might receive a substantial premium for their shares over then-current market prices, but would not be
approved by the company’s board of directors. These provisions also have the effect of rendering the removal of management and the
incumbent board of directors more difficult. However, the Horizon board has concluded that the potential benefits of these restrictive
provisions outweigh the possible disadvantages.

Directors. Certain provisions in the Horizon Articles and Horizon Bylaws impede changes in the majority control of the
company’s board of directors. The Horizon Articles provide that the board will be divided into three classes, with directors in each
class elected for staggered three-year terms. As a result, it would take two annual elections to replace a majority of the Horizon board.
 

96



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 106/188

Table of Contents

The Horizon Bylaws provide that any vacancy occurring in the Horizon board, including a vacancy created by resignation,
death, incapacity, or an increase in the number of directors, may be filled for the remainder of the unexpired term by a majority vote of
the directors then in office. No decrease in the number of directors of Horizon can have the effect of shortening the term of any
incumbent director.

Finally, the Horizon Bylaws impose certain notice requirements in connection with the nomination by shareholders of
candidates for election to the board of directors, and for proposals by shareholders of business to be acted upon at a meeting of
shareholders.

Under the Horizon Articles, any director may be removed, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of
70% of all of the outstanding shares of Horizon’s capital stock entitled to vote on the election of directors. Any Horizon director may
be removed with cause by the affirmative vote of (i) the holders of a majority of all of the outstanding shares of capital stock of
Horizon entitled to vote on the election of directors, or (ii) two-thirds or more of the other directors.

Restrictions on Call of Special Meetings. The Horizon Bylaws state that special shareholders’ meetings may be called by the
Chairman, the President, or, at the request in writing of a majority of the directors, by the Secretary.

No Cumulative Voting. The Horizon Articles do not provide for cumulative voting rights in the election of directors.

Authorization of Preferred Stock. Horizon is authorized to issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series
subject to applicable provisions of law, and the board of directors is authorized to fix the designations, powers, preferences, and relative
participating, optional, and other special rights of such shares, including voting rights, if any. In the event of a proposed merger, tender
offer, or other attempt to gain control of Horizon not approved by the board of directors, it might be possible for the Horizon board to
authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock with rights and preferences that would impede the completion of such a transaction.
An effect of the possible issuance of preferred stock, therefore, may be to deter a future takeover attempt. The board of directors of
Horizon has no present plans or understandings for the issuance of any preferred stock and it does not intend to issue any preferred
stock except on terms that the board may deem to be in the best interests Horizon’s shareholders.

Evaluation of Offers. The IBCL specifically authorizes directors, in considering the best interests of a corporation, to consider
the effects of any action on shareholders, employees, suppliers, and customers of the corporation, the communities in which offices or
other facilities of the corporation are located, and any other factors the directors consider pertinent. Horizon’s Articles provide that the
Horizon board, when evaluating a business combination or tender or exchange offer, in addition to considering the adequacy of the
amount to be paid in connection with any such transactions, may consider all of the following factors and any other factors that it
deems relevant: (a) the social and economic effects of the transaction on Horizon and its subsidiaries, and each of their respective
employees, depositors, loan and other customers, creditors, and other elements of the communities in which Horizon and its
subsidiaries operate or are located; (b) the business and financial condition and earnings prospects of the acquiring person or persons,
including, but not limited to, debt service and other existing or likely financial obligations of the acquiring person or persons, and the
possible effect of such conditions upon Horizon and its subsidiaries and the other elements of the communities in which Horizon and
its subsidiaries operate or are located; and (c) the competence, experience, and integrity of the acquiring person or persons and its or
their management.

Procedures for Certain Business Combinations. The Horizon Articles require the affirmative vote of 70% of the outstanding
shares of all classes of voting stock (reduced to 662/3% under certain conditions), and an independent majority of shareholders, to
approve certain business combinations with holders of more than 10% of Horizon’s voting shares or their affiliates.

Amendments to Articles and Bylaws. As noted above, except for certain exceptions, amendments to the Horizon Articles must
be approved by a majority vote of the Horizon board and also by a vote of shareholders in which more votes are cast in favor of the
amendment than against the amendment. Additionally, the following
 

97



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 107/188

Table of Contents

provisions of the Horizon Articles may not be altered, amended or repealed without the affirmative vote of at least 70% of the
outstanding shares of Horizon stock entitled to vote on such matter: (i) Section 6.3, which establishes a three-tier director class
structure; and (ii) Section 6.4, regarding director removal.

The Horizon Articles may be amended by the Horizon board without shareholder approval to designate a new series of
preferred shares.

The Horizon Bylaws may be amended only by a majority vote of the total number of directors of Horizon.

Wolverine

Directors. The Wolverine board of directors is divided into three classes. The members of each class are elected for a term of
three years and only one class of directors is elected annually. Thus, it takes at least two annual elections to replace a majority of the
board of directors. Further, the Wolverine Bylaws impose notice and information requirements in connection with the nomination by
stockholders of candidates for election to the board of directors or the proposal by stockholders of business to be acted upon at an
annual meeting of stockholders. The Wolverine Bylaws also set forth qualifications as to individuals who can and cannot serve on the
board of directors.

Under Wolverine’s Bylaws, any vacancy occurring on the board of directors, including any vacancy created by reason of an
increase in the number of directors, may be filled only by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the remaining directors, and any director
so chosen will hold office for the remainder of the term to which the director has been elected and until his or her successor is elected
and qualified.

Restrictions on Call of Special Meetings. The Wolverine Bylaws provide that special meetings of stockholders can be called
by the president, by a majority of the whole board of directors or upon the written request of stockholders entitled to cast at least a
majority of all votes entitled to vote at the meeting.

Prohibition of Cumulative Voting. The Wolverine Articles prohibit cumulative voting for the election of directors.

Limitation of Voting Rights. The Wolverine Articles provide that in no event will any person who beneficially owns more than
10% of the then-outstanding shares of common stock, be entitled or permitted to vote any of the shares of common stock held in excess
of the 10% limit.

Restrictions on Removing Directors from Office. The Wolverine Articles provide that directors may be removed only for
cause, and only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all of our then-outstanding common
stock entitled to vote (after giving effect to the limitation on voting rights discussed above in “– Limitation of Voting Rights”).

Authorization of Preferred Stock. The Wolverine Articles authorize 50,000,000 shares of serial preferred stock. Wolverine is
authorized to issue preferred stock from time to time in one or more series subject to applicable provisions of law, and the board of
directors is authorized to fix the designations, and relative preferences, limitations, voting rights, if any, including without limitation,
offering rights of such shares (which could be multiple or as a separate class). In the event of a proposed merger, tender offer or other
attempt to gain control of Wolverine that the board of directors does not approve, it may be possible for the board of directors to
authorize the issuance of a series of preferred stock with rights and preferences that would impede the completion of the transaction.
An effect of the possible issuance of preferred stock therefore may be to deter a future attempt to gain control of Wolverine. The board
of directors has no present plan or understanding to issue any preferred stock.

Amendments to Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws. The provisions requiring the affirmative vote of 80% of outstanding
shares for certain stockholder actions have been included in the Wolverine Articles in reliance on Section 2-104(b)(4) of the MGCL.
Section 2-104(b)(4) permits the articles of incorporation to require a greater proportion of votes than the proportion that would
otherwise be required for shareholder action under the MGCL.
 

98



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 108/188

Table of Contents

Business Combinations with Interested Stockholders. Under Maryland law, “business combinations” between Wolverine and
an interested stockholder or an affiliate of an interested stockholder are prohibited for five years after the most recent date on which the
interested stockholder becomes an interested stockholder. These business combinations include a merger, consolidation, statutory share
exchange or, in circumstances specified in the statute, certain transfers of assets, certain stock issuances and transfers, liquidation plans
and reclassifications involving interested stockholders and their affiliates or issuance or reclassification of equity securities. Maryland
law defines an interested stockholder as: (i) any person who beneficially owns 10% or more of the voting power of Wolverine’s voting
stock after the date on which Wolverine had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock; or (ii) an affiliate or associate of Wolverine at
any time after the date on which Wolverine had 100 or more beneficial owners of its stock who, within the two-year period prior to the
date in question, was the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the then-outstanding voting stock of Wolverine. A
person is not an interested stockholder under the statute if the board of directors approved in advance the transaction by which the
person otherwise would have become an interested stockholder. However, in approving a transaction, the board of directors may
provide that its approval is subject to compliance, at or after the time of approval, with any terms and conditions determined by the
board.

After the five-year prohibition, any business combination between Wolverine and an interested stockholder generally must be
recommended by the board of directors of Wolverine and approved by the affirmative vote of at least: (i) 80% of the votes entitled to
be cast by holders of outstanding shares of voting stock of Wolverine, and (ii) two-thirds of the votes entitled to be cast by holders of
voting stock of Wolverine other than shares held by the interested shareholder with whom or with whose affiliate the business
combination is to be effected or held by an affiliate or associate of the interested stockholder. These super-majority vote requirements
do not apply if Wolverine’s common stockholders receive a minimum price, as defined under Maryland law, for their shares in the form
of cash or other consideration in the same form as previously paid by the interested stockholder for its shares.

Evaluation of Offers. The Wolverine Articles provide that its board of directors, when evaluating a transaction that would or
may involve a change in control of Wolverine (whether by purchases of its securities, merger, consolidation, share exchange,
dissolution, liquidation, sale of all or substantially all of its assets, proxy solicitation or otherwise), may, in connection with the exercise
of its business judgment in determining what is in the best interests of Wolverine and its stockholders and in making any
recommendation to the stockholders, give due consideration to all relevant factors, including, but not limited to:
 

 
•  the economic effect, both immediate and long-term, upon Wolverine’s stockholders, including stockholders, if any, who

do not participate in the transaction;
 

 
•  the social and economic effect on the present and future employees, creditors and customers of, and others dealing with,

Wolverine and its subsidiaries and on the communities in which Wolverine and its subsidiaries operate or are located;
 

 
•  whether the proposal is acceptable based on the historical, current or projected future operating results or financial

condition of Wolverine;
 

 •  whether a more favorable price could be obtained for Wolverine’s stock or other securities in the future;
 

 
•  the reputation and business practices of the other entity to be involved in the transaction and its management and

affiliates as they would affect the employees of Wolverine and its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  the future value of the stock or any other securities of Wolverine or the other entity to be involved in the proposed

transaction;
 

 •  any antitrust or other legal and regulatory issues that are raised by the proposal;
 

 
•  the business and historical, current or expected future financial condition or operating results of the other entity to be

involved in the transaction, including, but not limited to, debt service and other existing financial obligations, financial
obligations to be incurred in connection with the proposed

 
99



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 109/188

Table of Contents

 transaction, and other likely financial obligations of the other entity to be involved in the proposed transaction; and
 

 
•  the ability of Wolverine to fulfill its objectives as a financial institution holding company and on the ability of its

subsidiary financial institution(s) to fulfill the objectives of a federally insured financial institution under applicable
statutes and regulations.

If the Wolverine board of directors determines that any proposed transaction should be rejected, it may take any lawful action
to defeat such transaction.

State and Federal Law

Indiana State Law. Several provisions of the IBCL could affect the acquisition of shares of Horizon common stock, or
otherwise affect the control of Horizon. Chapter 43 of the IBCL prohibits certain business combinations, including mergers, sales of
assets, recapitalizations, and reverse stock splits, between corporations (assuming the company has over 100 shareholders) and an
interested shareholder (defined as the beneficial owner of 10% or more of the voting power of the outstanding voting shares) for five
years following the date on which the shareholder obtained 10% ownership, unless the acquisition was approved in advance of that
date by the board of directors of the company. If prior approval is not obtained, several price and procedural requirements must be met
before the business combination can be completed. Horizon has elected in the Horizon Articles to not be governed by Chapter 43 of the
IBCL.

In addition, the IBCL contains a Control Share Acquisition Statute that may have the effect of discouraging or making more
difficult a hostile takeover of an Indiana corporation. This provision also may have the effect of discouraging premium bids for
outstanding shares. The Control Share Acquisition Statute provides that, unless otherwise provided in a corporation’s articles of
incorporation or by-laws, shares acquired in certain acquisitions of the corporation’s stock (which take the acquiror over the successive
thresholds of 20%, 33%, and 50% of the corporation’s stock) will be accorded voting rights only if a majority of the disinterested
shareholders approves a resolution granting the potential acquiror the ability to vote such shares. An Indiana corporation is subject to
the Control Share Acquisition Statute if it has 100 or more shareholders and its principal place of business is in Indiana. An Indiana
corporation otherwise subject to the Control Share Acquisition Statute may elect not to be covered by the statute by so providing in its
articles of incorporation or bylaws. Horizon has elected not to be governed by the Control Share Acquisition Statute.

The Control Share Acquisition Statute does not apply to a plan of affiliation and merger, if the corporation complies with the
applicable merger provisions and is a party to the plan of merger. Thus, the provisions of the Control Share Acquisition Statute do not
apply to the merger.

The IBCL specifically authorizes Indiana corporations to issue options, warrants, or rights for the purchase of shares or other
securities of the corporation or any successor in interest of the corporation. These options, warrants, or rights may, but need not be,
issued to shareholders on a pro rata basis.

The IBCL specifically authorizes directors, in considering the best interests of a corporation, to consider the effects of any
action on shareholders, employees, suppliers, and customers of the corporation, and communities in which offices or other facilities of
the corporation are located, and any other factors the directors consider relevant. As described above, the Horizon Articles contain a
provision having a similar effect. Under the IBCL, directors are not required to approve a proposed business combination or other
corporate action if the directors determine in good faith that such approval is not in the best interests of the corporation. In addition, the
IBCL states that directors are not required to redeem any rights under, or render inapplicable, a shareholder rights plan or to take or
decline to take any other action solely because of the effect such action might have on a proposed change of control of the corporation
or the amounts to be paid to shareholders upon such a change of control. The IBCL explicitly provides that the different or higher
degree of scrutiny imposed in Delaware and certain other jurisdictions upon director actions taken in response to potential changes in
control will not apply. The Delaware Supreme Court has held that defensive measures in response to a potential takeover must be
“reasonable in relation to the threat posed.”
 

100



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 110/188

Table of Contents

In taking or declining to take any action or in making any recommendation to a corporation’s shareholders with respect to any
matter, directors are authorized under the IBCL to consider both the short-term and long-term interests of the corporation as well as
interests of other constituencies and other relevant factors. Any determination made with respect to the foregoing by a majority of the
disinterested directors will conclusively be presumed to be valid unless it can be demonstrated that such determination was not made in
good faith.

Because of the foregoing provisions of the IBCL, the Horizon board has flexibility in responding to unsolicited proposals to
acquire Horizon, and accordingly it may be more difficult for an acquiror to gain control of Horizon in a transaction not approved by its
board of directors.

Maryland State Law. The MGCL provides that “control shares” of a Maryland corporation acquired in a “control share
acquisition” have no voting rights except to the extent approved by a vote of two-thirds of the shares entitled to be voted on the matter,
excluding shares of stock owned by the acquiror or by officers or directors who are employees of the corporation. “Control shares” are
voting shares of stock which, if aggregated with all other such shares of stock previously acquired by the acquiror, or in respect of
which the acquiror is able to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power except solely by virtue of a revocable proxy, would entitle
the acquiror to exercise voting power in electing directors within one of the following ranges of voting power:
 

 1. one-tenth or more but less than one-third;
 

 2. one-third or more but less than a majority; or
 

 3. a majority of all voting power.

Control shares do not include shares the acquiring person is then entitled to vote as a result of having previously obtained
stockholder approval. A “control share acquisition” means the acquisition of control shares, subject to certain exceptions for shares
acquired through descent or distribution, in satisfaction of a pledge or in a merger, consolidation or share exchange to which the
corporation is a party. The control share acquisition statute applies to any Maryland corporation with 100 or more beneficial owners of
its stock other than a close corporation or an investment company.

A person who has made or proposes to make a control share acquisition, upon satisfaction of certain conditions (including an
undertaking to pay expenses and delivery of an “acquiring person statement”), may compel the corporation’s board of directors to call a
special meeting of stockholders to be held within 50 days of demand to consider the voting rights of the shares. If no request for a
meeting is made, the corporation may itself present the question at any stockholders’ meeting. If voting rights are not approved at the
meeting or if the acquiring person does not deliver an acquiring person statement within 10 days following a control share acquisition
then, subject to certain conditions and limitations, the corporation may redeem any or all of the control shares (except for those which
voting rights have previously been approved) for fair value, determined without regard to the absence of voting rights for the control
shares, as of the date of the last control share acquisition or of any meeting of stockholders at which the voting rights of such shares are
considered and not approved. Moreover, if voting rights for control shares are approved at a stockholders’ meeting and the acquiror
becomes entitled to exercise or direct the exercise of a majority or more of all voting power, other stockholders may exercise appraisal
rights. The fair value of the shares as determined for purposes of such appraisal rights may not be less than the highest price per share
paid by the acquiror in the control share acquisition. The foregoing provisions may be modified by a Maryland corporation’s charter or
bylaws. Although Wolverine’s bylaws provide that the Maryland Control Share Acquisition law will be inapplicable to acquisitions of
Wolverine’s common stock, this provision may be repealed at any time by a majority vote of the whole board of directors, in whole or
in part, at any time, whether before or after a control share acquisition and may be applied to any prior or subsequent control share
acquisition.

The Wolverine Articles provide that its board of directors, when evaluating a transaction that would or may involve a change
in control of Wolverine (whether by purchases of its securities, merger, consolidation, share exchange, dissolution, liquidation, sale of
all or substantially all of its assets, proxy solicitation or otherwise), may, in connection with the exercise of its business judgment in
determining what is in the best
 

101



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 111/188

Table of Contents

interests of Wolverine and its stockholders and in making any recommendation to the stockholders, give due consideration to all
relevant factors, including, but not limited to, certain enumerated factors. For a list of these enumerated factors, see “– Evaluation of
Offers” above.

Federal Limitations. Subject to certain limited exceptions, the Bank Holding Company Act and the Change in Bank Control
Act, together with related regulations, require approval of the Federal Reserve Board prior to any person or company acquiring
“control” of a bank holding company. Control is conclusively presumed to exist if an individual or company acquires 25% or more of
any class of voting securities of the bank holding company. Control is rebuttably presumed to exist if a person or company acquires
10% or more, but less than 25%, of any class of voting securities and either the bank holding company/savings and loan holding
company has registered securities under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or no other person owns a greater
percentage of that class of voting securities immediately after the transaction.
 

102



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 112/188

Table of Contents

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION ABOUT WOLVERINE

Business of Wolverine

Wolverine

Wolverine was incorporated in Maryland in 2010 as part of the mutual-to-stock conversion of Wolverine Bank, for the
purpose of becoming the savings and loan holding company of Wolverine Bank. Since being incorporated, other than holding the
common stock of Wolverine Bank, retaining approximately 50% of the net cash proceeds of the stock conversion offering and making
a loan to the employee stock ownership plan of Wolverine Bank, Wolverine has not engaged in any business activities, except the
repurchase of shares of its outstanding common stock as previously publicly disclosed. At June 30, 2017, Wolverine had $385.9
million of total assets, $262.7 million of deposits and $62.2 million of total stockholders’ equity.

Wolverine is authorized to pursue business activities permitted by applicable laws and regulations, which may include the
acquisition of banking and financial services companies. See “– Supervision and Regulation – Holding Company Regulation”
beginning on page 131 for a discussion of the activities that are permitted for savings and loan holding companies. Wolverine may also
borrow funds for reinvestment in Wolverine Bank.

Wolverine’s cash flow depends on earnings from the investment of the net proceeds retained from its initial public stock
offering that was consummated in January 2011, and any dividends received from Wolverine Bank. Wolverine neither owns nor leases
any property, but pays a fee to Wolverine Bank for the use of its premises, equipment and furniture. At the present time, Wolverine
employs only persons who are officers of Wolverine Bank who also serve as officers of Wolverine. Wolverine uses the support staff of
Wolverine Bank from time to time and pays a fee to Wolverine Bank for the time devoted to Wolverine by employees of Wolverine
Bank. However, these persons are not separately compensated by Wolverine. Wolverine may hire additional employees, as appropriate,
to the extent it expands its business in the future.

Wolverine Bank

Wolverine Bank, a wholly owned subsidiary of Wolverine, is a federally chartered savings bank headquartered in Midland,
Michigan, the heart of the Great Lakes Bay Region with a population of over 500,000. Wolverine Bank was originally chartered in
1933. Wolverine Bank provides financial services primarily to individuals, families and businesses in the Great Lakes Bay Region of
Michigan and throughout all of Michigan through its two banking offices located in Midland, Michigan, which is the County Seat of
Midland County, and its banking office in Frankenmuth, which is located in neighboring Saginaw County. Midland, Michigan is
located approximately 120 miles northwest of Detroit and approximately 90 miles north of Lansing, Michigan, in the eastern portion of
Michigan’s lower peninsula.

Wolverine Bank’s business consists primarily of taking deposits from the general public and investing those deposits, together
with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in commercial real estate loans including multi-family loans and land loans,
one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, construction loans, and home equity loans and lines of credit and to a lesser extent,
commercial non-mortgage loans and consumer loans (consisting primarily of mobile home loans, automobile loans, loans secured by
savings deposits and other consumer loans). At June 30, 2017, $266.5 million, or 81.1%, of Wolverine Bank’s total loan portfolio was
comprised of commercial mortgage loans including multi-family mortgage loans and land loans, and $32.2 million, or 9.8%, of
Wolverine Bank’s total loan portfolio was comprised of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Wolverine Bank also may invest
in securities, including U.S. government and agency debt securities, and to a lesser extent, municipal obligations.

Wolverine Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts, including statement savings accounts, certificates of deposit, money
market accounts, commercial and consumer checking accounts and retirement accounts, including health savings accounts.

Wolverine Bank offers extended hours at its branch offices, and is dedicated to offering alternative banking delivery systems
utilizing state-of-the-art technology, including ATMs, online banking, remote deposit capture, telephone banking, and mobile banking
delivery systems.
 

103



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 113/188

Table of Contents

Generally, Wolverine Bank retains in its portfolio all adjustable-rate loans that it originates, as well as fixed-rate one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans with terms of less than 15 years. Consistent with Wolverine Bank’s interest rate risk strategy and
based upon the market and rate environment, Wolverine Bank will consider holding in its portfolio longer term fixed-rate one-to-four
family residential mortgage loans. Historically, as part of Wolverine Bank’s interest rate risk strategy, Wolverine Bank has sold
substantially all of its fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans with terms of 15 years or greater on a servicing-released
basis. In 2016 Wolverine Bank originated $17.3 million of loans for sale and sold $18.1 million of fixed-rate one-to-four family
residential mortgage loans, including refinances, in order to generate fee income and consistent with Wolverine Bank’s interest rate risk
strategy.

Wolverine Bank’s executive offices are located at 5710 Eastman Avenue, Midland, Michigan 48640. Wolverine Bank’s
telephone number at this address is (989) 631-4280. Wolverine Bank’s website address is www.wolverinebank.com. Information on
Wolverine Bank’s website is not incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus and should not be considered part of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Market Area

Wolverine Bank operates from two banking offices located in Midland, Michigan, a banking office in Frankenmuth, which is
located in neighboring Saginaw County, and a loan production office in Troy, Michigan, which is located in Oakland County. The
Great Lakes Bay Region of Michigan, located in the eastern portion of Michigan’s lower peninsula, approximately 120 miles north of
Detroit, is Wolverine Bank’s primary market area for both lending and deposits. The Great Lakes Bay Region, with a population of
over half a million residents, is a hub of research, product development, agribusiness and manufacturing for the auto, chemical,
plastics, silicon, advanced materials and technology industries. Wolverine Bank also does significant commercial real estate lending in
the Metro Detroit, Greater Lansing and Greater Grand Rapids Regions.

Wolverine Bank’s operations tend to be influenced by the economic trends experienced throughout Michigan. Wolverine
Bank competes for deposits with community banking institutions, credit unions and regional and superregional financial institutions
with greater financial and other resources than Wolverine Bank has. In recent years, both Wolverine Bank’s primary market area as
well as Michigan as a whole has experienced limited to negative growth, reflecting in part, the economic downturn. Future business
and growth opportunities will be influenced by economic and demographic characteristics of Wolverine Bank’s primary market area
and of Michigan.

According to the United States Census Bureau, as of July 2015, the latest date for which the data is available, Midland
County has a population of approximately 84,000 and Saginaw County has a population of approximately 200,000. This market area
has experienced limited population growth from 2001 to 2015. Specifically, Midland County’s population remained nearly unchanged
over the 2001 to 2015 period, while Saginaw County’s population shrank at a 1.8% compounded annual rate over the period. The
foregoing demographic trends are projected to continue for both Saginaw and Midland Counties where modest population shrinkage is
projected through 2016. Household growth trends coincide with the population growth trends as growth also has been modest over the
2001 to 2015 period. Households within Midland and Saginaw Counties, Michigan are expected to remain flat or shrink modestly over
the next four-year period.

Midland County’s per capita and median household income levels approximate Michigan and national averages. Conversely,
per capita and household income levels were below these averages for Saginaw County in 2016.

Historically, Wolverine Bank’s primary market area, and specifically the City and County of Midland, has been heavily
dependent upon the three largest employers: The Dow Chemical Company, MidMichigan Medical Center and Dow Corning
Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of The Dow Chemical Company. These three entities employ approximately 8,500 persons in
Midland County. The Dow Chemical Company is a major multinational producer of specialty chemicals, advanced materials, agro
sciences technology-based products and solutions, and Dow Corning is a producer of silicone and a global leader in silicon-based
technology and innovation. In addition, these companies have been in the forefront of the development and
 

104



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 114/188

Table of Contents

commercialization of solar energy products and technologies. Historically, these companies have been very important to the local
economy because of the employment opportunities and their philanthropic and outgrowth activities.

According to the Michigan Bureau of Labor Market Information and Strategic Initiatives, as of December 2016,
unemployment rates in Midland County, the Bay City Metropolitan Statistical Area (“MSA”) and the Saginaw MSA were 4.1%, 4.9%
and 4.5%, respectively. The unemployment rate at December 31, 2016 for the State of Michigan was 5.0% and the national average
was 4.7%. While there has been some improvement in the national unemployment rate over the last twelve months, Wolverine Bank’s
primary market area continues to be significantly affected by the weaknesses in the national and Michigan economies, and any
recovery is expected to be slow and prolonged.

Competition

Wolverine Bank faces intense competition in its market area both in making loans and attracting deposits. Wolverine Bank
competes with credit unions, which historically have had a very strong presence in Michigan. Wolverine Bank also competes with
commercial banks, savings institutions, mortgage brokerage firms, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies and
investment banking firms. Some of Wolverine Bank’s competitors have greater name recognition and market presence that benefit
them in attracting customers, and offer certain services that Wolverine Bank does not or cannot provide.

Specifically, Wolverine Bank is subject to a high level of competition from two sources. Chemical Bank holds an approximate
67% share of commercial bank and thrift deposits in Wolverine Bank’s market in Midland County as well as a significant market share
in other contiguous markets. Additionally, the Dow Chemical Employees Credit Union operates through a single office in Midland and
holds in excess of $1.3 billion of deposits. Thus, while the presence of Dow Chemical and Dow Corning corporate headquarters in
Midland area provides high earnings and has limited the economic deterioration experienced in many similar Michigan jurisdictions,
Wolverine Bank’s ability to capture banking relationships from Dow employees is difficult due to the significant presence of these
institutions.

Wolverine Bank’s deposit sources are primarily concentrated in the communities surrounding its banking offices located in
the Great Lakes Bay Region of Michigan, including the Michigan counties of Midland and Saginaw. As of June 30, 2016, the latest
date for which Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (“FDIC”) data are available, Wolverine Bank ranked second of nine bank and
thrift institutions with offices in Midland County with a 16.0% deposit market share. When including credit unions, which have a
substantial deposit market share in Wolverine Bank’s primary market area, Wolverine Bank held approximately 7.8% of the total
federally insured deposits in Midland County. Wolverine Bank ranked 13 of 15 bank and thrift institutions with offices in Saginaw
County with a 0.8% deposit market share. When including credit unions, Wolverine Bank’s market share dropped to 0.4% of the
federally insured deposits within Saginaw County.

Lending Activities

Wolverine Bank’s principal lending activity is the origination of commercial mortgage loans including multi-family and land
loans, residential mortgage loans and home equity loans, construction loans, and to a lesser extent, commercial non-mortgage loans and
other consumer loans.
 

105



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 115/188

Table of Contents

Loan Portfolio Composition. The following table sets forth the composition of Wolverine Bank’s loan portfolio by type of
loan at the dates indicated.
 
  At December 31,  
  2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
  Amount   Percent  Amount   Percent  Amount   Percent  Amount   Percent  Amount   Percent 
  (Dollars in thousands)  
Residential mortgage loans:           

One-to four-family  $ 35,389   10.5%  $ 39,719   12.0%  $ 44,316   14.1%  $ 49,726   18.2%  $ 58,158   21.5% 
Home equity   4,031   1.2%   5,459   1.6%   6,645   2.1%   7,912   2.9%   10,790   4.0% 

Commercial mortgage loans:           
Commercial real estate   195,924   58.3%   183,934   55.5%   153,705   49.0%   126,154   46.1%   108,087   39.9% 
Multifamily   54,827   16.3%   58,804   17.7%   61,204   19.5%   62,790   23.0%   60,755   22.4% 
Land   11,547   3.4%   12,543   3.8%   10,060   3.2%   9,734   3.6%   12,668   4.7% 

Construction:           
Residential   1,709   0.5%   3,591   1.1%   4,452   1.4%   5,355   2.0%   3,637   1.3% 
Residential non-owner

occupied   7,068   2.1%   8,168   2.5%   7,567   2.4%   3,314   1.2%   456   20.0% 
Non-residential   4,698   1.4%   3,026   0.9%   9,654   3.1%   –   –%   8,169   3.0% 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total mortgage loans   315,193   93.7%   315,244   95.2%   297,603   94.9%   264,985   97.0%   262,720   97.0% 
Commercial non-mortgage   20,047   6.0%   14,826   4.5%   14,717   4.7%   7,226   2.6%   6,739   2.5% 
Other consumer   1,074   0.3%   1,221   0.4%   1,142   0.4%   1,167   40.0%   1,297   50.0% 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total loans   336,314   100.00%   331,291   100.00%   313,462   100.00%   273,378   100.00%   270,756   100.00% 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Other items:           
Unearned fees and

discounts, net   563    567    555    467    585  
Undisbursed loan funds   5,819    6,050    8,454    5,933    9,662  
Allowance for loan losses   9,326    10,061    7,976    7,597    6,671  

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

 

Total loans, net  $320,606   $314,613   $296,477   $259,381   $253,838  
   

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 

Loan Portfolio Maturities and Yields. The following table summarizes the scheduled repayments of Wolverine Bank’s loan
portfolio at December 31, 2016. Wolverine Bank has no demand loans, loans having no stated repayment schedule or maturity, or
overdraft loans.
 

   
One-to four-

family Mortgage   Home Equity   Multifamily   Land   
Commercial Real

Estate  
   Amount    Yield   Amount   Yield   Amount    Yield   Amount    Yield   Amount    Yield  
   (Dollars in thousands)  
Due During the Years Ending
December 31,                 
2017   $ 1,578    5.30%  $1,288    4.22%  $ 6,178    5.01%  $ 6,468    4.57%  $ 33,458    4.84% 
2018    1,193    5.14   1,135    4.98   6,762    4.89   3,090    4.40   21,089    4.77 
2019    2,673    5.11   759    4.32   5,562    4.44   1,490    4.29   36,558    4.77 
2020 to 2021    3,997    5.24   245    5.05   34,409    4.27   499    4.35   85,196    4.62 
2022 to 2026    508    4.71   603    4.21   1,916    4.50   –    –   18,942    4.77 
2027 to 2031    2,856    3.43   1    5.50   –    –   –    –   681    4.27 
2032 and beyond    22,584    4.42   –    –   –    –   –    –   –    – 

    
 

     
 

     
 

     
 

     
 

  

Total   $35,389    4.56%  $4,031    4.50%  $54,827    4.45%  $11,547    4.48%  $195,924    4.71% 
    

 

     

 

     

 

     

 

     

 

  

 
106



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 116/188

Table of Contents

  
Construction
Residential   

Construction
Residential
Non-Owner
Occupied   

Construction-
Non Residential   

Commercial
Non-Mortgage   

Other
Consumer   Total  

  Amount  Yield   Amount  Yield   Amount  Yield   Amount   Yield   Amount  Yield   Amount   Yield  
  (Dollars in thousands)  
Due During the
Years Ending
December 31,             
2017  $ –   –%  $1,253   4.94%  $ 345   5.25%  $10,373   4.20%  $ 307   3.19%  $ 61,248   4.71% 
2018   –   –   –   –   –   –   3,400   5.53   33   5.81   36,702   4.85 
2019   –   –   –   –   –   –   2,941   5.76   649   4.41   50,632   4.78 
2020 to 2021   –   –   1,235   3.89   1,367   4.66   3,333   4.50   –   –   130,281   4.63 
2022 to 2026   –   –   4,580   4.50   2,732   4.04   –   –   85   5.25   29,366   4.53 
2027 to 2031   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   3,538   3.69 
2032 and beyond   1,709   3.75   –   –   254   5.00   –   –   –   –   24,547   4.38 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

 

Total  $1,709   3.75%  $7,068   4.47%  $4,698   4.36%  $20,047   4.70%  $1,074   4.17%  $336,314   4.66% 
   

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 

The following table sets forth the scheduled repayments of fixed- and adjustable-rate loans at December 31, 2016 that are
contractually due after December 31, 2017.
 
   Due after December 31, 2017  
   Fixed    Adjustable   Total  
   (In thousands)  
Residential mortgage loans:       

One-to four-family   $ 24,266   $ 9,545   $ 33,811 
Home equity    1,656    1,087    2,743 

Commercial mortgage loans       
Commercial real estate    136,948    25,518    162,466 
Multifamily    48,279    370    48,649 
Land    1,014    4,065    5,079 

Construction    11,071    806    11,877 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    223,234    41,391    264,625 
Commercial non-mortgage    1,709    7,965    9,674 
Other consumer    767    –    767 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans   $225,710   $ 49,356   $275,066 
    

 

    

 

    

 

Commercial Real Estate, Multifamily and Land Loans. Wolverine Bank originates commercial real estate mortgage loans,
loans on multifamily dwellings and loans on undeveloped land. At December 31, 2016, $195.9 million, or 58.3% of Wolverine Bank’s
loan portfolio, consisted of commercial real estate loans, $54.8 million, or 16.3% of the loan portfolio, consisted of multifamily loans,
and $11.5 million, or 3.4% of the total loan portfolio, consisted of land loans. Of the $195.9 million of commercial real estate loans,
$35.4 million were secured by non-owner occupied one-to-four family rental properties.

Wolverine Bank originates commercial real estate and multifamily loans secured primarily by office buildings, strip mall
centers, owner-occupied offices, hotels, condominiums, apartment buildings and developed lots. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine
Bank’s commercial real estate, multifamily and land loans had an average loan balance of approximately $488,000. At December 31,
2016, substantially all of Wolverine Bank’s commercial real estate, multifamily and land loans were secured by properties located in
Michigan. On a limited basis to existing local customers of Wolverine Bank, Wolverine Bank has made commercial real estate loans
outside of Michigan, and at December 31, 2016 had seven commercial real estate loans outside of Michigan, of which one was
collateralized by land in Ohio with a loan balance of $231,000, one was collateralized by commercial property in Tennessee with a loan
balance of $2.4 million, three were collateralized by commercial property in Florida with loan balances totaling $3.0 million, and two
were collateralized by commercial property in Indiana with loan balances totaling $4.6 million. All commercial real estate loans
outside of Michigan were performing in accordance with their repayment terms at December 31, 2016.
 

107



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 117/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bank’s commercial real estate, multifamily and land loans are generally written for terms of up to five years with a
balloon payment at the end of the fifth year, with a 15-year amortization schedule. Wolverine Bank’s Small Business Administration
loans, and on a limited basis other commercial real estate loans, are originated with terms of up to 10 years. On occasion, Wolverine
Bank may make these types of loans with amortization terms of up to 25 years. The majority of Wolverine Bank’s commercial real
estate, multifamily and land loans have fixed interest rates. The rates on Wolverine Bank’s adjustable-rate commercial real estate and
multifamily loans are generally tied to the prime interest rate as reported in The Wall Street Journal. Many of Wolverine Bank’s
adjustable-rate commercial real estate loans are not fully amortizing and, therefore, require a “balloon” payment at maturity. Wolverine
Bank’s commercial real estate, multifamily and land loans are generally subject to prepayment penalties. A portion of Wolverine
Bank’s commercial real estate and multifamily loans represent permanent financing for borrowers who have completed real estate
construction for which Wolverine Bank previously provided construction financing.

In underwriting commercial real estate and multifamily loans, Wolverine Bank generally lends up to 70% of the property’s
appraised value and up to 65% of the property’s appraised value if the property is unimproved land. On occasion, Wolverine Bank may
lend up to 80% of the appraised value on these types of loans. Wolverine Bank bases its decisions to lend on the economic viability of
the property and the creditworthiness of the borrower. In evaluating a proposed commercial real estate loan, Wolverine Bank
emphasizes the ratio of the property’s projected net cash flow to the loan’s debt service requirement (generally requiring a minimum
ratio of 120%), computed after deduction for a vacancy factor and property expenses Wolverine Bank deems appropriate. Personal
guarantees are typically obtained from commercial borrowers. Wolverine Bank generally requires title insurance insuring the priority
of its lien, fire and extended coverage casualty insurance, and, if appropriate, flood insurance, in order to protect its security interest in
the underlying property.

Commercial real estate loans generally carry higher interest rates and have shorter terms than one-to-four family residential
mortgage loans. Commercial real estate loans, however, entail significant additional credit risks compared to one-to-four family
residential mortgage loans, as they typically involve larger loan balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related
borrowers. In addition, the payment of loans secured by income-producing properties typically depends on the successful operation of
the related real estate project, and thus may be subject to a greater extent to adverse conditions in the real estate market and in the
general economy. Also, if Wolverine Bank makes a land acquisition loan on property that is not yet approved for the planned
development, there is the risk that approvals will not be granted or will be delayed. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s largest
commercial real estate loan had an outstanding balance of $6.0 million, was secured by various properties and was performing in
accordance with its repayment terms.

One-to-Four Family Residential Mortgage Loans. At December 31, 2016, $35.4 million, or 10.5% of Wolverine Bank’s
total loan portfolio, consisted of owner-occupied one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Wolverine Bank offers residential
mortgage loans that conform to Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac underwriting standards (conforming loans) as well as non-conforming
loans. Wolverine Bank generally underwrites its one-to-four family residential mortgage loans based on the applicant’s employment
and credit history and the appraised value of the subject property. Wolverine Bank also offers loans through various agency programs
which are originated for sale.

Wolverine Bank currently offers fixed-rate conventional mortgage loans with terms of up to 30 years that are fully amortizing
with monthly loan payments, and adjustable-rate mortgage loans that generally provide an initial fixed interest rate for one year with
annual interest rate adjustments thereafter, that amortize over a period up to 30 years. Private mortgage insurance is generally required
for all of Wolverine Bank’s one-to-four family residential mortgage loans that exceed an 80% loan-to-value ratio. At December 31,
2016, fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans totaled $25.8 million, of which $5.7 million contained five-year balloon
payment terms, and adjustable-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans totaled $9.5 million.

Wolverine Bank’s one-to-four family residential mortgage loans are generally conforming loans, underwritten according to
Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac guidelines. Wolverine Bank generally originates both fixed- and adjustable-rate mortgage loans in amounts
up to the maximum conforming loan limits as established
 

108



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 118/188

Table of Contents

by the Federal Housing Finance Agency for Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, which is currently $417,000 for single-family homes in
Wolverine Bank’s market area. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had four one-to-four family residential mortgage loans that had
principal balances in excess of $417,000. At that date, Wolverine Bank’s average one-to-four family residential mortgage loan had a
principal balance of $102,000. Wolverine Bank also originates loans above the lending limit for conforming loans, which are referred
to as “jumbo loans.” Most of Wolverine Bank’s jumbo loans are originated with a five-year fixed-rate term and a balloon payment,
with up to a 30-year amortization schedule. Additionally, occasionally Wolverine Bank will originate fixed-rate jumbo loans with terms
of up to 30 years. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s largest one-to-four family residential mortgage loan had an outstanding
balance of $626,000 and was performing in accordance with its repayment terms.

Wolverine Bank actively monitors its interest rate risk position to determine the desirable level of investment in fixed-rate
mortgages. In recent years there has been increased demand for long-term fixed-rate loans, as market rates have dropped and remained
near historic lows. As a result, Wolverine Bank has sold substantially all of its fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans
that do not contain balloon payment terms as these loans have all had terms of 15 years or greater. Generally, however, Wolverine Bank
retains in its portfolio fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans with terms of less than 15 years, although this has
represented a very small percentage of the fixed-rate loans that Wolverine Bank has originated in recent years due to the favorable
long-term rates for borrowers.

Wolverine Bank currently offers several types of adjustable-rate mortgage loans secured by residential properties with interest
rates that are fixed for an initial period of one year. Wolverine Bank offers adjustable-rate mortgage loans that are fully amortizing.
After the initial fixed period, the interest rate on adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally resets every year based upon a contractual
spread or margin above the one-year Treasury Note, adjusted to a constant maturity, as published weekly by the Federal Reserve Board,
subject to periodic and lifetime limitations on interest rate changes. Generally the initial change in interest rates on Wolverine Bank’s
adjustable-rate mortgage loans cannot exceed two percentage points, subsequent interest rate changes cannot exceed two percentage
points and total interest rate changes cannot exceed six percentage points over the life of the loan.

Adjustable-rate mortgage loans generally present different credit risks than fixed-rate mortgage loans, primarily because the
underlying debt service payments of the borrowers increase as interest rates increase, thereby increasing the potential for default and
higher rates of delinquency. At the same time, the marketability of the underlying collateral may be adversely affected by higher
interest rates. Since changes in the interest rates on adjustable-rate mortgages may be limited by an initial fixed-rate period or by the
contractual limits on periodic interest rate adjustments, adjustable-rate loans may not adjust as quickly to increases in interest rates as
Wolverine Bank’s interest-bearing liabilities.

Wolverine Bank does not offer or purchase loans that provide for negative amortization of principal, such as “Option ARM”
loans, where the borrower can pay less than the interest owed on the loan, resulting in an increased principal balance during the life of
the loan.

Wolverine Bank generally requires title insurance on all of its one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, and also requires
that borrowers maintain fire and extended coverage casualty insurance in an amount at least equal to the lesser of the loan balance or
the replacement cost of the improvements. Wolverine Bank also requires flood insurance, as applicable. Wolverine Bank does not
conduct environmental testing on residential mortgage loans unless specific concerns for hazards are identified by the appraiser used in
connection with the origination of the loan.

Construction Loans. Wolverine Bank also originates construction loans for one-to-four family residential properties and
commercial properties, including multifamily properties. At December 31, 2016, $13.5 million, or 4.0%, of Wolverine Bank’s total
loan portfolio, consisted of construction loans, all of which were secured by one-to-four family residential real estate, multifamily
loans, and commercial “mixed-use” buildings and homes.

Wolverine Bank makes construction loans for commercial properties, including multifamily loans and commercial
“mixed-use” buildings and homes built by developers on speculation. Construction loans for
 

109



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 119/188

Table of Contents

commercial real estate are made in accordance with a schedule reflecting the cost of construction, and are generally limited to a 70%
loan-to-completed appraised value ratio. Wolverine Bank generally requires that a commitment for permanent financing be in place
prior to closing the construction loan. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s largest construction loan had a principal balance of
$4.5 million and was secured by multi-family real estate. This loan was performing in accordance with its repayment terms at
December 31, 2016.

Construction loans for one-to-four family residential properties are originated with a maximum loan to value ratio of 70% and
are generally “interest-only” loans during the construction period, which typically does not exceed nine months. After this time period,
the loan converts to permanent, amortizing financing following the completion of construction. Depending on the complexity of the
construction project, Wolverine Bank may choose to extend the term of an “interest-only” construction loan made on a one-to-four
family residential property. At December 31, 2016, the additional unadvanced portion of these construction loans totaled $5.8 million.

Repayment of loans on income-producing property is normally expected from the property’s eventual rental income, income
from the borrower’s operations, the personal resources of the guarantor, or the sale of the subject property. Repayment of construction
loans is usually expected from permanent financing upon completion of construction. Wolverine Bank typically provides the
permanent mortgage financing on its construction loans on income-producing property.

Generally, before making a commitment to fund a construction loan, Wolverine Bank requires an appraisal of the property by
a state-certified or state-licensed appraiser. Wolverine Bank reviews and inspects properties before disbursement of funds during the
term of the construction loan.

Construction financing generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real
estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial estimate of the value of the property at
completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction and other assumptions. If the estimate of
construction cost is inaccurate, Wolverine Bank may be required to advance additional funds beyond the amount originally committed
in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project is inaccurate, the borrower may
hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment of the construction loan upon the sale of the property.
Construction loans also expose Wolverine Bank to the risk that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with
specifications and projected costs. In addition, the ultimate sale or rental of the property may not occur as anticipated.

Home Equity Loans and Lines of Credit. In addition to traditional one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, Wolverine
Bank offers home equity loans and home equity lines of credit that are secured by the borrower’s primary or secondary residence.
Home equity loans and lines of credit are generally underwritten using the same criteria that Wolverine Bank uses to underwrite
one-to-four family residential mortgage loans. Home equity loans may be underwritten with a loan-to-value ratio of 80% when
combined with the principal balance of the existing first mortgage loan. Wolverine Bank’s home equity loans are primarily originated
with fixed rates of interest with terms of up to five years, a balloon payment, and a 15-year amortization schedule. Home equity lines
of credit generally are originated with variable rates tied to the prime interest rate, with an established floor and monthly payments of
2.0% of the outstanding balance.

At December 31, 2016 Wolverine Bank had $4.0 million, or 1.2% of its total loan portfolio, in home equity loans and
$1.7 million of home equity lines of credit. Wolverine Bank had $1.9 million of undisbursed funds related to home equity lines of
credit as of year-end. Wolverine Bank’s largest home equity loan was approximately $593,000.

Home equity loans secured by second mortgages have greater risk than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans secured
by first mortgages. Wolverine Bank faces the risk that the collateral will be insufficient to compensate it for loan losses and costs of
foreclosure. When customers default on their loans, Wolverine Bank attempts to foreclose on the property and resell the property as
soon as possible to minimize foreclosure and carrying costs. However, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate
Wolverine Bank for the
 

110



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 120/188

Table of Contents

amount of the unpaid loan and it may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from those customers. Particularly with
respect to Wolverine Bank’s home equity loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property used as
collateral for Wolverine Bank’s loans.

Commercial Non-Mortgage Loans. Wolverine Bank also originates commercial non-mortgage (term) loans and variable
lines of credit. These loans are generally originated to small- and medium-sized companies in Wolverine Bank’s primary market area.
Wolverine Bank’s commercial non-mortgage loans are generally used for working capital purposes or for acquiring equipment,
inventory or furniture. These loans are primarily secured by business assets other than real estate, such as business equipment and
inventory, accounts receivable or stock. The commercial non-mortgage loans that Wolverine Bank offers have fixed interest rates or
variable-rates indexed to the Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal, and with terms ranging from one to seven years.
Wolverine Bank’s commercial non-mortgage loan portfolio consists primarily of secured loans.

At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had $20.0 million of commercial non-mortgage loans outstanding, representing 6.0%
of its total loan portfolio.

When making commercial non-mortgage loans, Wolverine Bank considers the financial statements, lending history and debt
service capabilities of the borrower, the projected cash flows of the business and the value of the collateral, if any. Generally Wolverine
Bank’s loans are guaranteed by the principals of the borrower.

Commercial non-mortgage loans generally have a greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans. Unlike residential
mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from his or her employment and
other income, and that are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial non-mortgage loans
are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the borrower’s
business. As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial non-mortgage loans may be substantially dependent on
the success of the business itself. Further, the collateral securing the loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and
may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. Wolverine Bank seeks to minimize these risks through its underwriting
standards.

At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s largest commercial non-mortgage loan outstanding was for $3.7 million and was
secured by other collateral. At December 31, 2016, this loan was performing in accordance with its repayment terms.

Consumer Loans. To a lesser extent, Wolverine Bank offers a variety of consumer loans, including new and used automobile
loans, recreational vehicle loans, and loans secured by certificates of deposits and other collateral, including marketable securities. At
December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s consumer loan portfolio totaled $1.1 million, or 0.3% of its total loan portfolio.

Consumer loans generally have shorter terms to maturity, which reduces Wolverine Bank’s exposure to changes in interest
rates. In addition, Wolverine Bank’s management believes that offering consumer loan products helps to expand and create stronger
ties to Wolverine Bank’s existing customer base by increasing the number of customer relationships and providing cross-marketing
opportunities.

Consumer and other loans generally have greater risk compared to longer-term loans secured by improved, owner-occupied
real estate, particularly consumer loans that are secured by rapidly depreciable assets, such as automobiles. In these cases, any
repossessed collateral for a defaulted loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. As a
result, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower’s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely
affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy.

Loan Originations, Purchases, Sales, Participations and Servicing. Lending activities are conducted primarily by Wolverine
Bank’s loan personnel. All loans that Wolverine Bank originates are underwritten pursuant to its standard policies and procedures. In
addition, Wolverine Bank’s one-to-four family residential mortgage loans generally incorporate Fannie Mae or Freddie Mac
underwriting guidelines. Wolverine Bank
 

111



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 121/188

Table of Contents

originates both adjustable-rate and fixed-rate loans. Wolverine Bank’s ability to originate fixed- or adjustable-rate loans is dependent
upon the relative customer demand for such loans, which is affected by current market interest rates as well as anticipated future
market interest rates. Wolverine Bank’s loan origination and sales activity may be adversely affected by a rising interest rate
environment which typically results in decreased loan demand. Most of Wolverine Bank’s commercial real estate and commercial
non-mortgage loans are generated by its internal business development efforts and referrals from professional contacts. Most of
Wolverine Bank’s originations of one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, consumer loans and home equity loans and lines of
credit are generated by existing customers, referrals from realtors, residential home builders, walk-in business and from Wolverine
Bank’s website.

Consistent with Wolverine Bank’s interest rate risk strategy, in the low interest rate environment that has existed in recent
years, it has sold on a servicing-released basis substantially all of the conforming, fixed-rate one-to-four family residential mortgage
loans with maturities of 15 years or greater that it has originated.

From time to time, Wolverine Bank will purchase loan participations secured by properties within and outside of its primary
market area in which it is not the lead lender. Historically, the loan participations have been secured by one-to-four family residential
properties, commercial properties throughout Michigan, or business assets other than real estate. In these circumstances, Wolverine
Bank follows its customary loan underwriting and approval policies. Wolverine Bank has sufficient capital to take advantage of these
opportunities to purchase loan participations, as well as strong relationships with other community banks in its primary market area and
throughout Michigan that may desire to sell participations, and Wolverine Bank intends to increase its purchases of participations in the
future as a growth strategy. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s loan participations totaled $11.4 million, or 3.6% of its loan
portfolio, all of which were collateralized by properties outside of its primary market area.
 

112



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 122/188

Table of Contents

The following table shows Wolverine Bank’s loan origination, purchases, sale and repayment activities for the periods
indicated.
 
   For the Year Ended December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014  
   (In thousands)  
Originations by type:           
Mortgage Loans:     

Residential   $ 10,922  $ 21,937  $ 20,414 
Commercial    61,015   43,529   74,779 
Construction    11,778   24,219   31,491 
Home equity    63   1,166   1,843 

Commercial non-mortgage    21,456   6,302   25,141 
Other Consumer    146   139   225 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Total loans originated    105,380   97,292   153,893 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Purchases:     
Total commercial non-mortgage    2,118   1,173   6,515 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Sales and repayments:     
Mortgage Loans:     

Residential    (15,252)   (26,534)   (25,823) 
Commercial    (56,116)   (14,390)   (55,003) 
Construction    (13,088)   (31,107)   (18,487) 
Home equity    (1,491)   (2,352)   (3,111) 

Commercial non-mortgage    (16,235)   (6,193)   (17,650) 
Other Consumer    (294)   (60)   (251) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Total sales and repayments    (102,476)   (80,636)   (120,325) 
Total loans sold    (18,121)   (20,722)   (18,347) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Principal repayments    (84,355)   (59,914)   (101,978) 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Total reductions    (102,476)   (80,636)   (120,325) 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Increase (decrease) in other items, net    970   307   (2,987) 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Net increase   $ 5,992  $ 18,136  $ 37,096 
    

 

   

 

   

 

Loan Approval Procedures and Authority. Wolverine Bank’s lending activities follow written, non-discriminatory
underwriting standards and loan origination procedures established by its Board of Directors. The loan approval process is intended to
assess the borrower’s ability to repay the loan and the value of the collateral that will secure the loan. To assess the borrower’s ability
to repay, Wolverine Bank reviews the borrower’s employment and credit history and information on the historical and projected
income and expenses of the borrower. Wolverine Bank will also evaluate a guarantor when a guarantee is provided as part of the loan.

Wolverine Bank’s policies and loan approval limits are established by its Board of Directors. Wolverine Bank’s Manager of
Commercial Underwriting may approve secured commercial loans up to $500,000 and unsecured loans up to $50,000. Similarly,
Wolverine Bank’s Assistant Consumer Underwriter has authority to approve secured consumer loans up to $200,000 and saleable
secured residential loans up to the secondary market limit (currently $417,000). Wolverine Bank’s President and CEO may approve
secured loans up to $1.0 million and unsecured loans up to $500,000. The President and CEO in combination with a Manager of
Underwriting may approve secured loans up to $1,500,000 or unsecured loans up to $750,000, and these limits are increased to
$2,000,000 (consumer or residential loans), $2,500,000 (commercial loans) and $1,000,000 (unsecured loans) with the addition of a
second Manager of Underwriting. Two or more board members may approve loans up to $3,500,000. All loans in excess of $3,500,000
must be approved by its Board of Directors. There is one other individual with lending authority, but at lower limits than stated above.
There are higher limits for each lending authority described above for renewals or extensions.
 

113



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 123/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bank generally requires appraisals by a rotating list of independent, licensed, third-party appraisers of all real
property securing loans. All appraisers are approved by the Board of Directors annually.

Non-performing and Problem Assets

For all of Wolverine Bank’s loans, once a loan is past its grace period, a computer generated past due notice is mailed. Past
due notices continue to be mailed monthly in the event the account is not brought current. Prior to the time a loan is 30 days past due,
Wolverine Bank attempts to contact the borrower by telephone. Thereafter Wolverine Bank continues with follow-up calls. Generally,
once a loan becomes 90 days delinquent and no acceptable workout arrangement has been reached, Wolverine Bank commences the
foreclosure or repossession process. A summary report of all loans 90 days or more past due, or 30 days or more past due if the loan is
less than one-year old, is provided monthly to Wolverine Bank’s Board of Directors.

Loans are usually placed on non-accrual status when the payment of principal and/or interest is 90 days or more past due.
Loans are also placed on non-accrual status when it is determined collection of principal or interest is in doubt or if the collateral is in
jeopardy. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, unpaid accrued interest is fully reversed, and further income is recognized only
to the extent received and only after the loan is returned to accrual status. The loans are typically returned to accrual status if unpaid
principal and interest are repaid so that the loan is current.
 

114



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 124/188

Table of Contents

Non-Performing Assets. The table below sets forth the amounts and categories of Wolverine Bank’s non-performing assets at
the dates indicated.
 
   At December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
   (Dollars in thousands)  
Non-accrual loans:       
Residential mortgage loans:       

One-to four-family   $ 137  $ 99  $ 107  $ 254  $ 503 
Home equity    –   –   –   –   – 

Commercial mortgage loans:       
Commercial Real Estate    4,872   5,188   1,339   779   2,013 
Multifamily    –   –   –   –   – 
Land    1,061   1,842   2,700   4,041   4,720 
Construction    –   –   3,960   –   – 

Commercial non-mortgage    –   –   19   157   278 
Other Consumer    –   –   –   –   – 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total non-accrual loans(1)    6,070   7,129   8,125   5,231   7,514 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Troubled debt restructurings (not included above):       
One-to four-family    –   204   322   333   659 
Commercial Real Estate    303   –   –   643   2,257 
Land    –   –   439   –   – 

Commercial non-mortgage    –   –   94   –   – 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total TDRs    303   204   855   976   2,916 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total non-performing loans    6,373   7,333   8,980   6,207   10,430 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Real estate owned:       
Residential mortgage loans:       

One-to four-family    78   48   118   253   216 
Home equity    –   –   –   –   – 

Commercial Loans:       
Commercial Real Estate    –   –   –   164   390 
Land    8   82   217   455   238 
Construction    –   –   –   –   – 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total real estate owned    86   130   335   872   844 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total non-performing assets   $6,459  $7,463  $9,325  $7,079  $11,274 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ratios:       
Non-performing loans to total loans    1.9%   2.2%   2.9%   2.3%   4.1% 
Non-performing assets to total assets    1.5%   1.8%   2.7%   2.4%   4.0% 

 

(1) At December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013, and 2012, includes $4.4 million, $5.1 million, $5.3 million, $3.7 million, and
$4.2 million of troubled debt restructurings, respectively.

For the year ended December 31, 2016, gross interest income that would have been recorded had Wolverine Bank’s
non-accruing loans been current in accordance with their original terms was $647,000. Wolverine Bank recognized interest income of
$35,000 on such loans for the year ended December 31, 2016.

At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank’s non-accrual loans totaled $6.1 million. The non-accrual loans consisted primarily
of five real estate relationships with principal balances totaling $9.1 million, with a net balance of $5.4 million after charge-offs. These
loans are secured primarily by developed land and commercial real estate properties.
 

115



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 125/188

Table of Contents

Other than as disclosed in the above tables, there are no other loans at December 31, 2016 that management has serious
doubts about the ability of the borrowers to comply with the present loan repayment terms.

Troubled Debt Restructurings. Troubled debt restructurings (“TDRs”) are defined under ASC 310-40 to include loans for
which either a portion of interest or principal has been forgiven, or for loans modified at interest rates or on terms materially less
favorable than current market rates. Wolverine Bank periodically modifies loans to extend the term or make other concessions to help
borrowers stay current on their loans and to avoid foreclosure. Wolverine Bank generally does not forgive principal or interest on loans
or modify the interest rates on loans to rates that are below market rates. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had $5.2 million of
troubled debt restructurings, of which $4.4 million were included as non-accrual loans in the preceding table. At December 31, 2016
Wolverine Bank’s troubled debt restructuring related to 11 loans, nine of which related to commercial real estate. As of December 31,
2016 accruing TDR loans totaled $303,000 as compared to $200,000 at December 31, 2015.

Delinquent Loans. The following table sets forth certain information with respect to Wolverine Bank’s loan portfolio
delinquencies at the dates indicated.
 
   Loans Delinquent For          
   60 to 89 Days    90 Days and Over    Total  
   Number   Amount   Number   Amount   Number   Amount 
   (Dollars in thousands)  
At December 31, 2016             
Residential mortgage loans:             

One-to four-family    2   $ 94    1   $ 137    3   $ 231 
Home equity    –    –    –    –    –    – 

Commercial mortgage loans:             
Commercial real estate    1    648    2    100    3    748 
Multifamily    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    –    –    2    1,061    2    1,061 

Construction    –    –    –    –    –    – 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    3    742    5    1,298    8    2,040 

Commercial non-mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Other consumer    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    3   $ 742    5   $1,298    8   $2,040 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

At December 31, 2015             
Residential mortgage loans:             

One-to four-family    3   $ 152    –   $ –    3   $ 152 
Home equity    –    –    –    –    –    – 

Commercial mortgage loans:             
Commercial real estate    3    1,011    –    –    3    1,011 
Multifamily    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    –    –    2    1,842    2    1,842 

Construction    –    –    –    –    –    – 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    6    1,163    2    1,842    8    3,005 

Commercial non-mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Other consumer    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    6   $1,163    2   $1,842    8   $3,005 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
116



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 126/188

Table of Contents

   Loans Delinquent For          
   60 to 89 Days    90 Days and Over    Total  
   Number   Amount   Number   Amount   Number   Amount 
   (Dollars in thousands)  
At December 31, 2014             
Residential mortgage loans:             

One-to four-family    1   $ 152    2   $ 107    3   $ 259 
Home equity    –    –    –    –    –    – 

Commercial mortgage loans:             
Commercial real estate    1    634    3    649    4    1,283 
Multifamily    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    –    –    4    2,700    4    2,700 

Construction    –    –    –    –    –    – 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    2    786    9    3,456    11    4,242 

Commercial non-mortgage    –    –    1    19    1    19 
Other consumer    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    2   $ 786    10   $3,475    12   $4,261 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

At December 31, 2013             
Residential mortgage loans:             

One-to four-family    –   $ –    1   $ 254    1   $ 254 
Home equity    –    –    –    –    –    – 

Commercial mortgage loans:             
Commercial real estate    3    667    1    49    4    716 
Multifamily    –    –    1    1,363    1    1,363 
Land    –    –    5    4,068    5    4,068 

Construction    –    –    –    –    –    – 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    3    667    8    5,734    11    6,401 

Commercial non-mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Other consumer    –    –    1    36    1    36 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    3   $ 667    9   $5,770    12   $6,437 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

At December 31, 2012             
Residential mortgage loans:             

One-to four-family    –   $ –    4   $ 344    4   $ 344 
Home equity    –    –    –    –    –    – 

Commercial mortgage loans:             
Commercial real estate    1    29    3    721    4    750 
Multifamily    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    –    –    7    4,667    7    4,667 

Construction    –    –    –    –    –    – 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total mortgage loans    1    29    14    5,732    15    5,761 

Commercial non-mortgage    –    –    1    277    1    277 
Other consumer    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    1   $ 29    15   $6,009    16   $6,038 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Total loans delinquent 60 or more days decreased $1.0 million to $2.0 million at December 31, 2016 from $3.0 million at
December 31, 2015. The decrease in delinquent loans was due primarily to a decrease of $781,000 in total delinquent land loans.
 

117



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 127/188

Table of Contents

Real Estate Owned and Foreclosed Assets. Real estate acquired by Wolverine Bank as a result of foreclosure or by deed in
lieu of foreclosure is classified as real estate owned. When property is acquired it is recorded at estimated fair market value at the date
of foreclosure, establishing a new cost basis. Estimated fair value generally represents the sale price a buyer would be willing to pay on
the basis of current market conditions, including normal terms from other financial institutions, less the estimated costs to sell the
property. Holding costs and declines in estimated fair market value result in charges to expense after acquisition. In addition, Wolverine
Bank could repossess certain collateral, including automobiles and other titled vehicles, called other repossessed assets. At
December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had $86,000 in real estate owned.

Classification of Assets. Wolverine Bank’s policies, consistent with regulatory guidelines, provide for the classification of
loans and other assets that are considered to be of lesser quality as substandard, doubtful, or loss assets. An asset is considered
substandard if it is inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if
any. Substandard assets include those assets characterized by the distinct possibility that Wolverine Bank will sustain some loss if the
deficiencies are not corrected. Assets classified as doubtful have all of the weaknesses inherent in those classified substandard with the
added characteristic that the weaknesses present make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts,
conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. Assets (or portions of assets) classified as loss are those considered
uncollectible and of such little value that their continuance as assets is not warranted. Assets that do not expose Wolverine Bank to risk
sufficient to warrant classification in one of the afore-mentioned categories, but which possess potential weaknesses that deserve
Wolverine Bank’s close attention, are required to be designated as special mention.

When Wolverine Bank classifies assets as either substandard or doubtful, it undertakes an impairment analysis, which may
result in allocating a portion of its general loss allowances to a specific allowance for such assets as Wolverine Bank deems prudent.
The allowance for loan losses is the amount estimated by Wolverine Bank’s management as necessary to absorb credit losses incurred
in the loan portfolio that are both probable and reasonably estimable at the balance sheet date. When Wolverine Bank classifies a
problem asset as doubtful, it charges the asset off. For other classified assets, Wolverine Bank provides a specific allowance for that
portion of the asset that is considered uncollectible. Wolverine Bank’s determination as to the classification of its assets and the amount
of its loss allowances are subject to review by its principal federal regulator, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, which can
require that Wolverine Bank establish additional loss allowances. Wolverine Bank reviews its asset portfolio on a monthly basis to
determine whether any assets require classification in accordance with applicable regulations.

The following table sets forth Wolverine Bank’s amounts of classified assets and criticized assets (classified assets and loans
designated as special mention) at the dates indicated. At the dates presented Wolverine Bank had no assets classified as doubtful.
 
   At December 31,  
   2016    2015    2014    2013    2012  
   (In thousands)  
Classified Assets:           
Substandard   $ 7,589   $19,591   $21,435   $20,128   $21,380 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total classified assets    7,589    19,591    21,435    20,128    21,380 
Special mention    5,760    976    2,815    5,889    12,628 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total criticized assets   $13,349   $20,567   $24,250   $26,017   $34,008 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Of the $7.6 million of substandard assets at December 31, 2016, $5.6 million were comprised of commercial real estate loans,
$1.1 million were land loans, $871,000 were one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, and $86,000 were other real estate owned.

Allowance for Loan Losses

Analysis and Determination of the Allowance for Loan Losses. Wolverine Bank’s allowance for loan losses is the amount
considered necessary to reflect probable incurred losses in its loan portfolio. Wolverine
 

118



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 128/188

Table of Contents

Bank evaluates the need to establish allowances against losses on loans on a quarterly basis. When additional allowances are necessary,
a provision for loan losses is charged to earnings.

Wolverine Bank’s methodology for assessing the appropriateness of the allowance for loan losses consists of two key
elements: (1) specific allowances for identified problem loans; and (2) a general valuation allowance on the remainder of the loan
portfolio.

Specific Allocations for Identified Problem Loans. Wolverine Bank may establish a specific allocation for certain loans.
Loss is measured by determining the present value of expected future cash flows, the loan’s observable market value, or, for collateral-
dependent loans, the fair value of the collateral adjusted for market conditions and selling expenses. Factors in identifying a specific
problem loan include: (1) the strength of the customer’s personal or business cash flows; (2) the availability of other sources of
repayment; (3) the amount due or past due; (4) the type and value of collateral; (5) the strength of Wolverine Bank’s collateral position;
(6) the estimated cost to sell the collateral; and (7) the borrower’s effort to cure the delinquency. In addition, for loans secured by real
estate, Wolverine Bank considers the extent of any past due and unpaid property taxes applicable to the property serving as collateral
on the mortgage.

General Valuation Allowance on the Remainder of the Loan Portfolio. Wolverine Bank establishes a general allowance for
loans that are not deemed impaired to recognize the inherent losses associated with lending activities, but which, unlike specific
allocations, have not been allocated to particular problem loans. This general valuation allowance is determined by segregating the
loans by loan category and assigning allowance percentages based on Wolverine Bank’s historical loss experience, delinquency trends
and management’s evaluation of the collectability of the loan portfolio. The allowance may be adjusted for significant factors that, in
management’s judgment, affect the collectability of the portfolio as of the evaluation date. These significant factors may include
changes in lending policies and procedures, changes in existing general economic and business conditions affecting Wolverine Bank’s
primary market area, credit quality trends, collateral value, loan volumes and concentrations, seasoning of the loan portfolio, recent
loss experience in particular segments of the portfolio, duration of the current business cycle and bank regulatory examination results.
The applied loss factors are re-evaluated quarterly to ensure their relevance in the current real estate environment. Although Wolverine
Bank’s policy allows for a general valuation allowance on certain smaller-balance, homogenous pools of loans classified as
substandard, it has historically evaluated every loan classified as substandard, regardless of size, for potential impairment.

In addition, as an integral part of their examination process, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency will periodically
review Wolverine Bank’s allowance for loan losses. Such agency may require that Wolverine Bank recognize additions to the
allowance based on the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency’s judgments of information available to them at the time of their
examination.

Wolverine Bank periodically evaluates the carrying value of loans and the allowance is adjusted accordingly. While
Wolverine Bank uses the best information available to make evaluations, future adjustments to the allowance may be necessary if
conditions differ substantially from the information used in making the evaluations.

The accrual of interest on loans is discontinued at the time the loan is 90 days delinquent unless the credit is well secured and
in the process of collection. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status or charged-off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest
is considered doubtful.

All interest accrued but not collected for loans, including troubled debt restructurings, that are placed on nonaccrual status or
charged off is reversed against interest income. The interest on these loans is accounted for on the cash-basis or cost-recovery method,
until qualifying for return to accrual. Generally, loans are returned to accrual status when all the principal and interest amounts
contractually due are brought current and future payments are reasonably assured.
 

119



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 129/188

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth activity in Wolverine Bank’s allowance for loan losses for the periods indicated.
 
   At or For the Years Ended December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
   (Dollars in thousands)  
Balance at beginning of period   $10,061  $ 7,976  $7,597  $6,671  $ 9,503 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Charge-offs:       
Residential mortgage loans:       

One-to four-family    (67)   (45)   (55)   (210)   (116) 
Home equity    –   –   –   –   – 

Commercial mortgage loans:       
Commercial real estate    (85)   –   –   –   (1,337) 
Multifamily    –   –   –   –   (1,241) 
Land    –   –   –   –   (2,393) 

Construction    –   –   (750)   –   (2) 
Commercial non-mortgage    –   –   –   –   (84) 
Other consumer    (1)   (1)   (1)   (2)   (4) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total charge-offs    (153)   (46)   (806)   (212)   (5,177) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Recoveries:       
Residential mortgage loans:       

One-to four-family    54   33   57   15   27 
Home equity    –   –   –   1   16 

Commercial mortgage loans:       
Commercial real estate    39   1,268   10   100   36 
Multifamily    –   –   –   –   55 
Land    81   26   93   182   – 

Construction    –   –   –   –   – 
Commercial non-mortgage    –   –   –   5   – 
Other consumer    4   4   5   5   6 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total recoveries    178   1,331   165   308   140 
Net (charge-offs) recoveries    25   1,285   (641)   96   (5,037) 
Provision for loan losses    (760)   800   1,020   830   2,205 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance at end of period   $ 9,326  $10,061  $7,976  $7,597  $ 6,671 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ratios       
Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average loans outstanding    0.01%   0.4%   (2.0)%   0.1%   (2.0)% 
Allowance for loan losses to non-performing loans at end of

period    146.30%   125.4%   86.0%   122.4%   64.0% 
Allowance for loan losses to total loans at end of period    2.91%   3.0%   2.6%   2.8%   2.6% 
 

120



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 130/188

Table of Contents

Allocation of Allowance for Loan Losses. The following table sets forth the allowance for loan losses allocated by loan
category, the total loan balances by category (including loans held for sale), and the percent of loans in each category to total loans at
the dates indicated. The allowance for loan losses allocated to each category is not necessarily indicative of future losses in any
particular category and does not restrict the use of the allowance to absorb losses in other categories. Wolverine Bank had no
unallocated allowance at the dates presented.
 
   At December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014  

   

Allowance
for

Loan Losses   

Percent of
Loans

in Each
Category to
Total Loans  

Allowance
for Loan
Losses    

Percent of
Loans

in Each
Category to
Total Loans  

Allowance
for

Loan Losses   

Percent of
Loans in

Each
Category to
Total Loans 

   (Dollars in thousands)  
Residential mortgage loans           

One-to four-family   $ 798    10.5%  $ 948    12.0%  $ 881    14.2% 
Home equity    49    1.2   108    1.6   100    2.1 

Commercial mortgage loans           
Commercial real estate    5,422    58.3   4,913    55.5   3,573    49.0 
Multifamily    1,084    16.3   1,515    17.7   1,391    19.5 
Land    1,142    3.4   1,605    3.8   1,205    3.2 

Construction    294    4.0   604    4.5   539    6.9 
Commercial non-mortgage    524    6.0   344    4.5   269    4.7 
Other consumer    13    0.3   24    0.4   18    0.4 

    
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

Total allowance   $ 9,326    100.0%  $ 10,061    100.0%  $ 7,976    100.0% 
    

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

 
   At December 31,  
   2013   2012  

   

Allowance
for

Loan Losses   

Percent of
Loans

in Each
Category to
Total Loans  

Allowance
for

Loan Losses   

Percent of
Loans

in Each
Category to
Total Loans 

   (Dollars in thousands)  
Residential mortgage loans        

One-to four-family   $ 1,354    18.2%  $ 1,433    21.5% 
Home equity    251    2.9   266    4.0 

Commercial mortgage loans        
Commercial real estate    2,861    46.1   2,663    39.9 
Multifamily    1,514    23.0   1,497    22.4 
Land    1,145    3.6   312    4.7 

Construction    285    3.2   302    4.5 
Commercial non-mortgage    157    2.6   166    2.5 
Other consumer    30    0.4   32    0.5 

    
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

Total allowance   $ 7,597    100.0%  $ 6,671    100.0% 
    

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

The allowance for loan losses decreased $735,000, or 7.9%, to $9.3 million at December 31, 2016 from $10.1 million at
December 31, 2015. The decrease in Wolverine Bank’s allowance for loan losses was due in part to continued economic improvement,
stabilized levels of non-performing assets, stabilized delinquencies and reduced specific allocations as a results of improved asset
quality as well as improvement in Wolverine Bank’s qualitative and environmental factors.
 

121



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 131/188

Table of Contents

Investments

Wolverine Bank conducts investment transactions in accordance with its board-approved investment policy, which is
reviewed at least annually by the Audit Committee of the Board, and any changes to the policy are subject to ratification by the full
board of directors. This policy dictates that investment decisions give consideration to the safety of the investment, liquidity
requirements, potential returns, the ability to provide collateral for pledging requirements, minimizing exposure to credit risk, potential
returns and consistency with Wolverine Bank’s interest rate risk management strategy. Authority to make investments under approved
guidelines is delegated to Wolverine Bank’s management investment committee, comprised of Wolverine Bank’s President and Chief
Executive Officer and Wolverine Bank’s Chief Operating Officer and Treasurer. All investments are reported to its board of directors
for ratification at the next regular board meeting.

Wolverine Bank’s current investment policy permits it to invest in any legally permissible investment security, including U.S.
Treasury obligations, agency debt securities insured and guaranteed by Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and Ginnie Mae and other eligible
federal agencies, municipal securities, banker’s acceptances, certificates of deposit, overnight investments and eligible mutual funds.

Wolverine Bank does not engage in any speculative trading or any transactions in short sales, options, mortgage derivative
products or other financial derivative products. In recent years, Wolverine Bank has not purchased any mortgage-backed securities. As
a federal savings bank, Wolverine Bank is generally not permitted to invest in equity securities, although this general restriction does
not apply to Wolverine, which may acquire up to 5% of voting securities of any company without regulatory approval.

ASC 320-10, “Investment – Debt and Equity Securities” requires that, at the time of purchase, Wolverine Bank designate a
security as held to maturity, available-for-sale, or trading, depending on its ability and intent. Securities available for sale are reported
at fair value, while securities held to maturity are reported at amortized cost. Wolverine Bank does not maintain a trading portfolio.

Municipal Obligations. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank held no municipal obligations. Wolverine Bank’s policy
allows it to purchase municipal securities of credit-worthy issuers. Wolverine Bank is not permitted to invest more than 2.0% of its
total assets in municipal obligations.

Investment Securities Portfolio. The following table sets forth the composition of Wolverine Bank investment securities
portfolio at the dates indicated, excluding Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock and federally insured interest-earning time
deposits. All of such securities were classified as held-to-maturity.
 
   At December 31,  
   2016    2015    2014  

   
Amortized

Cost    Fair Value   
Amortized

Cost    Fair Value   
Amortized

Cost    Fair Value 
   (In thousands)  
Treasury bond   $ 499   $ 500   $ 500   $ 500   $ –   $ – 

Sources of Funds

General. Deposits traditionally have been Wolverine Bank’s primary source of funds for its lending and investment activities.
Wolverine Bank also borrows, primarily from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, to supplement cash flow needs, to
lengthen the maturities of liabilities for interest rate risk management purposes and to manage Wolverine Bank’s cost of funds.
Wolverine Bank’s additional sources of funds are the proceeds from the sale of loans originated for sale, scheduled loan payments,
maturing investments, loan prepayments, retained earnings and income on other earning assets.

Deposits. Wolverine Bank generates deposits primarily from the areas in which its branch offices are located and from
existing and prospective customers. Wolverine Bank relies on its competitive pricing, convenient locations and customer service to
attract and retain both retail and commercial deposits. Additionally, Wolverine Bank has attracted deposits from numerous Michigan
cities, townships, counties and nonprofit organizations due to its successful marketing efforts, community ties, and financial stability
and strength.
 

122



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 132/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bank offers a variety of deposit accounts with a range of interest rates and terms. Wolverine Bank’s deposit
accounts consist of savings accounts, checking accounts, money market accounts, certificates of deposit and retirement accounts. At
December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had $21.0 million in brokered deposits, of which $3.1 million was through the Certificate of
Deposit Account Registry Service (CDARS) network. When a customer makes a deposit and requests the full protection of FDIC
insurance, but where such deposit exceeds applicable limits, Wolverine Bank may use the CDARS network to place the funds into
certificates of deposit issued by banks in the network so that the full amount of the deposit is insured by the FDIC.

Interest rates, maturity terms, service fees and withdrawal penalties are established on a periodic basis. Deposit rates and
terms are based primarily on current operating strategies, including the cost of alternate sources of funds, and market interest rates,
liquidity requirements, interest rates paid by competitors and Wolverine Bank’s deposit growth goals.

At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had a total of $127.2 million in certificates of deposit, of which $75.4 million had
remaining maturities of one year or less.

The following tables set forth the distribution of Wolverine Bank’s average total deposit accounts, by account type, for the
periods indicated.
 
  For the Years Ended December 31,  
  2016   2015   2014  

  
Average
Balance   Percent   

Weighted
Average

Rate   
Average
Balance   Percent   

Weighted
Average

Rate   
Average
Balance   Percent   

Weighted
Average

Rate  
  (Dollars in thousands)  
Deposit type:          

Savings accounts  $ 13,334   5.02%   0.09%  $ 12,985   5.45%   0.10%  $ 12,828   6.01%   0.11% 
Checking accounts   33,562   12.63   0.07%   34,305   14.40   0.07%   33,855   15.87   0.08% 
Money market accounts   67,528   25.41   0.40%   74,150   31.14   0.40%   64,593   30.27   0.35% 
Certificates of deposit   151,281   56.94   1.15%   116,704   49.01   0.97%   102,082   47.85   0.94% 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

 

Total deposits  $265,705   100.00%   0.77%  $238,144   100.00%   0.61%  $213,358   100.00%   0.58% 
   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

 

The following table sets forth the amount of Wolverine Bank’s certificates of deposit classified by interest rate as of the dates
indicated.
 

   At December 31,  
   2016    2015    2014  
   (In thousands)  
Interest Rate       

Less than 2.00%   $119,489   $155,784   $104,795 
2.00% to 2.99%    5,277    5,276    1,451 
3.00% to 3.99%    573    588    589 
4.00% to 4.99%    1,590    1,566    1,724 
5.00% to 5.99%    290    571    552 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total   $127,219   $163,785   $ 109,111 
    

 

    

 

    

 

 
123



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 133/188

Table of Contents

Borrowings. Wolverine Bank’s borrowings consist of advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis. At
December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had access to additional Federal Home Loan Bank advances of up to $35.9 million with the
purchase of additional Federal Home Loan Bank stock. The following table sets forth information concerning balances and interest
rates on Wolverine Bank’s borrowings at the dates and for the periods indicated.
 

   
At or For the Years Ended

December 31,  
   2016   2015   2014  
   (Dollars in thousands)  
Balance at end of period   $60,000  $47,000  $50,000 
Average balance during period   $48,083  $54,083  $51,333 
Maximum outstanding at month end   $60,000  $60,000  $52,000 
Weighted average interest rate at end of period    3.01%   3.84%   3.97% 
Average interest rate during period    3.77%   3.64%   3.81% 

In addition to Federal Home Loan Bank advances, at December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank had Federal Funds purchased of
$27.0 million.

Subsidiary Activities

Wolverine Bank is the wholly owned subsidiary of Wolverine. Wolverine Bank has two subsidiaries, Wolserv Corporation, a
Michigan corporation that has a membership interest in a title company, and Wolverine Commercial Holdings LLC, a Michigan LLC
owned by Wolverine Bank that holds certain real estate.

Expense and Tax Allocation

Wolverine Bank has entered into an agreement with Wolverine to provide it with certain administrative support services,
whereby Wolverine Bank will be compensated at not less than the fair market value of the services provided. In addition, Wolverine
Bank and Wolverine have an agreement for allocating and for reimbursing the payment of their consolidated tax liability.

Personnel

As of June 30, 2017, Wolverine Bank had 32 full-time employees and 24 part-time employees. Wolverine Bank’s employees
are not represented by any collective bargaining group. Management believes that Wolverine Bank has a good working relationship
with its employees.

Supervision and Regulation

General

Wolverine Bank is supervised and examined by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and is also subject to
examination by the FDIC. This regulation and supervision establishes a comprehensive framework of activities in which an institution
may engage and is intended primarily for the protection of the FDIC’s deposit insurance fund and depositors, and not for the protection
of stockholders. Under this system of federal regulation, financial institutions are periodically examined to ensure that they satisfy
applicable standards with respect to their capital adequacy, assets, management, earnings, liquidity and sensitivity to market interest
rates. Wolverine Bank also is a member of and owns stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, which is one of the 12
regional banks in the Federal Home Loan Bank System. Wolverine Bank also is regulated to a lesser extent by the Board of Governors
of the Federal Reserve System, or Federal Reserve Board, which governs reserves to be maintained against deposits and other matters.
The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency examines Wolverine Bank and prepares reports for the consideration of its Board of
Directors on any operating deficiencies. Wolverine Bank’s relationship with its depositors and borrowers also is regulated to a great
extent by federal law and, to a much lesser extent, state law, especially in matters concerning the ownership of deposit accounts and the
form and content of Wolverine Bank’s loan documents.

Any change in these laws or regulations, whether by the FDIC, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency or Congress,
could have a material adverse impact on Wolverine, Wolverine Bank and their operations.
 

124



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 134/188

Table of Contents

As a savings and loan holding company, Wolverine is required to comply with the rules and regulations of the Federal
Reserve Board and to file certain reports with and is subject to examination by the Federal Reserve. Wolverine is also subject to the
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission under the federal securities laws.

The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 (the “Dodd-Frank Act”) made extensive changes
in the regulation of federal savings banks such Wolverine Bank. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Office of Thrift Supervision was
eliminated. Responsibility for the supervision and regulation of federal savings banks was transferred to the Office of the Comptroller
of the Currency, which is the agency that is primarily responsible for the regulation and supervision of national banks. Pursuant to the
Dodd-Frank Act, responsibility for the regulation and supervision of savings and loan holding companies, such as Wolverine, was
transferred to the Federal Reserve Board, which supervises bank holding companies. Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act created a new
Consumer Financial Protection Bureau as an independent bureau of the Federal Reserve Board. The Consumer Financial Protection
Bureau assumed responsibility for the implementation of the federal financial consumer protection and fair lending laws and
regulations, a function previously assigned to prudential regulators, and has authority to impose new requirements. However,
institutions of less than $10 billion in assets, such as Wolverine Bank, will continue to be examined for compliance with consumer
protection and fair lending laws and regulations by, and be subject to the primary enforcement authority of, their prudential regulator
rather than the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau.

The material regulatory requirements that are applicable to Wolverine Bank and Wolverine are described below.

Dodd-Frank Act

The Dodd-Frank Act made significant changes to the regulatory structure for depository institutions and their holding
companies, as well as changes that affect the lending, investments and other operations of all depository institutions. The Dodd-Frank
Act required the Federal Reserve Board to set minimum capital levels for both bank holding companies and savings and loan holding
companies that are as stringent as those required for the insured depository subsidiaries, and the components of Tier 1 capital for
holding companies were restricted to capital instruments that were then currently considered to be Tier 1 capital for insured depository
institutions. The legislation also established a floor for capital of insured depository institutions that cannot be lower than the standards
in effect upon passage, and directed the federal banking regulators to implement new leverage and capital requirements that take into
account off-balance sheet activities and other risks, including risks relating to securitized products and derivatives.

The Dodd-Frank Act created a new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau with broad powers to supervise and enforce
consumer protection laws. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has broad rule-making authority for a wide range of consumer
protection laws that apply to all banks and savings institutions such as Wolverine Bank, including the authority to prohibit “unfair,
deceptive or abusive” acts and practices. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has examination and enforcement authority over
all banks and savings institutions with more than $10 billion in assets. Banks and savings institutions with $10 billion or less in assets
are still examined for compliance by their applicable bank regulators. The new legislation also weakened the federal preemption
available for national banks and federal savings associations, and gave state attorneys general the ability to enforce applicable federal
consumer protection laws.

The Dodd-Frank Act broadened the base for FDIC insurance assessments. Assessments are now based on the average
consolidated total assets less tangible equity capital of a financial institution, rather than on total deposits. The legislation also
permanently increased the maximum amount of deposit insurance for banks, savings institutions and credit unions to $250,000 per
depositor. The Dodd-Frank Act increased stockholder influence over boards of directors by requiring companies to give stockholders a
non-binding vote on executive compensation and so-called “golden parachute” payments. The legislation also directs the Federal
Reserve Board to promulgate rules prohibiting excessive compensation paid to bank holding company executives, regardless of
whether the company is publicly traded or not. Further, the legislation requires that originators of securitized
 

125



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 135/188

Table of Contents

loans retain a percentage of the risk for transferred loans, directs the Federal Reserve Board to regulate pricing of certain debit card
interchange fees and contains a number of reforms related to mortgage originations.

Federal Banking Regulation

Business Activities. A federal savings bank derives its lending and investment powers from the Home Owners’ Loan Act, as
amended, and the regulations of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. Under these laws and regulations, Wolverine Bank may
invest in mortgage loans secured by residential and commercial real estate, commercial business and consumer loans, certain types of
debt securities and certain other assets, subject to applicable limits. Wolverine Bank also may establish subsidiaries that may engage in
activities not otherwise permissible for Wolverine Bank, including real estate investment and securities and insurance brokerage.

Capital Requirements. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regulations require savings banks to meet three minimum
capital standards: a 1.5% tangible capital ratio, a 4% leverage ratio (3% for savings banks receiving the highest rating on the CAMELS
rating system), and an 8% risk-based capital ratio.

The risk-based capital standard for savings banks requires the maintenance of Tier 1 (core) and total capital (which is defined
as core capital and supplementary capital) to risk-weighted assets of at least 4% and 8%, respectively. In determining the amount of
risk-weighted assets, all assets, including certain off-balance sheet assets, are multiplied by a risk-weight factor of 0% to 200%,
assigned by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, based on the risks believed inherent in the type of asset. Core capital is
defined as common stockholders’ equity (including retained earnings), certain noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and related
surplus and minority interests in equity accounts of consolidated subsidiaries, less intangibles other than certain mortgage servicing
rights and credit card relationships. The components of supplementary capital include cumulative preferred stock, long-term perpetual
preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, subordinated debt and intermediate preferred stock, the allowance for loan and lease
losses limited to a maximum of 1.25% of risk-weighted assets and up to 45% of net unrealized gains on available-for-sale equity
securities with readily determinable fair market values. Overall, the amount of supplementary capital included as part of total capital
cannot exceed 100% of core capital. Additionally, a savings bank that retains credit risk in connection with an asset sale may be
required to maintain additional regulatory capital because of the purchaser’s recourse against the savings bank. In assessing an
institution’s capital adequacy, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency takes into consideration not only these numeric factors but
qualitative factors as well, and has the authority to establish higher capital requirements for individual associations where necessary.

In July 2013, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency and the other federal bank regulatory agencies issued a final rule
that revised their leverage and risk-based capital requirements and the method for calculating risk-weighted assets to make them
consistent with agreements that were reached by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision and certain provisions of the Dodd-
Frank Act. Among other things, the rule established a new common equity Tier 1 minimum capital requirement (4.5% of risk-weighted
assets), increased the minimum Tier 1 capital to risk-based assets requirement (from 4% to 6% of risk-weighted assets) and assigned a
higher risk weight (150%) to exposures that are more than 90 days past due or are on nonaccrual status and to certain commercial real
estate facilities that finance the acquisition, development or construction of real property. The final rule also required unrealized gains
and losses on certain “available-for-sale” securities holdings to be included for purposes of calculating regulatory capital requirements
unless a one-time opt-in or opt-out is exercised. The rule limits a banking organization’s capital distributions and certain discretionary
bonus payments to executive officers if the banking organization does not hold a “capital conservation buffer” consisting of 2.5% of
common equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets in addition to the amount necessary to meet its minimum risk-based capital
requirements. The final rule also implements the Dodd-Frank Act’s directive to apply to savings and loan holding companies
consolidated capital requirements that are not less stringent than those applicable to their subsidiary institutions. The final rule was
effective January 1, 2015. The “capital conservation buffer” will be phased in from January 1, 2016 to January 1, 2019, when the full
capital conservation buffer will be effective.

At June 30, 2017 Wolverine Bank’s capital exceeded all applicable requirements.
 

126



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 136/188

Table of Contents

Loans-to-One Borrower. Generally, a federal savings bank may not make a loan or extend credit to a single or related group
of borrowers in excess of 15% of unimpaired capital and surplus. An additional amount may be loaned, equal to 10% of unimpaired
capital and surplus, if the loan is secured by readily marketable collateral, which generally does not include real estate. As of June 30,
2017, Wolverine Bank did not have any relationships in excess of 15% of unimpaired capital and surplus.

Capital Distributions. Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regulations govern capital distributions by a federal savings
bank, which include cash dividends, stock repurchases and other transactions charged to the savings bank’s capital account. A savings
bank must file an application for approval of a capital distribution if:
 

 
•  the total capital distributions for the applicable calendar year exceed the sum of the savings bank’s net income for that

year to date plus the savings bank’s retained net income for the preceding two years;
 

 •  the savings bank would not be at least adequately capitalized following the distribution;
 

 
•  the distribution would violate any applicable statute, regulation, agreement or Office of the Comptroller of the

Currency – imposed condition; or
 

 •  the savings bank is not eligible for expedited treatment of its filings.

Even if an application is not otherwise required, every savings bank that is a subsidiary of a holding company must still file a
notice with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency at least 30 days before the Board of Directors declares a dividend or approves
a capital distribution.

The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency may disapprove a notice or application if:
 

 •  the savings bank would be undercapitalized following the distribution;
 

 •  the proposed capital distribution raises safety and soundness concerns; or
 

 •  the capital distribution would violate a prohibition contained in any statute, regulation or agreement.

In addition, the Federal Deposit Insurance Act provides that an insured depository institution shall not make any capital
distribution, if after making such distribution the institution would be undercapitalized. A savings bank may not make a capital
distribution that would reduce its regulatory capital below the amount required for the liquidation account established in connection
with its conversion to stock form.

Liquidity. A federal savings bank is required to maintain a sufficient amount of liquid assets to ensure its safe and sound
operation.

Community Reinvestment Act and Fair Lending Laws. All savings banks have a responsibility under the Community
Reinvestment Act and related regulations of the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency to help meet the credit needs of their
communities, including low- and moderate-income borrowers. In connection with its examination of a federal savings bank, the Office
of the Comptroller of the Currency is required to assess the savings bank’s record of compliance with the Community Reinvestment
Act. In addition, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair Housing Act prohibit lenders from discriminating in their lending
practices on the basis of characteristics specified in those statutes. A savings bank’s failure to comply with the provisions of the
Community Reinvestment Act could, at a minimum, result in denial of certain corporate applications such as the acquisition or sale of
branches or mergers, or in restrictions on its activities. The failure to comply with the Equal Credit Opportunity Act and the Fair
Housing Act could result in enforcement actions by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, as well as other federal regulatory
agencies and the Department of Justice. Wolverine Bank received a “satisfactory” Community Reinvestment Act rating in its most
recent federal examination. The Community Reinvestment Act requires all institutions insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation to publicly disclose their rating.

Transactions with Related Parties. A federal savings bank’s authority to engage in transactions with its affiliates is limited by
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regulations and by Sections 23A and 23B of the
 

127



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 137/188

Table of Contents

Federal Reserve Act and its implementing Regulation W promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board. An affiliate is generally a
company that controls, or is under common control with an insured depository institution such as Wolverine Bank. Wolverine is an
affiliate of Wolverine Bank. In general, transactions between an insured depository institution and its affiliates are subject to certain
quantitative and collateral requirements. In addition, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency regulations prohibit a savings bank
from lending to any of its affiliates that are engaged in activities that are not permissible for bank holding companies and from
purchasing the securities of any affiliate, other than a subsidiary. Finally, transactions with affiliates must be consistent with safe and
sound banking practices, not involve low-quality assets and be on terms that are as favorable to the institution as comparable
transactions with non-affiliates. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency requires savings banks to maintain detailed records of
all transactions with affiliates.

Wolverine Bank’s authority to extend credit to its directors, executive officers and 10% stockholders, as well as to entities
controlled by such persons, is currently governed by the requirements of Sections 22(g) and 22(h) of the Federal Reserve Act and
Regulation O of the Federal Reserve Board. Among other things, these provisions require that extensions of credit to insiders:
 

 
(a) be made on terms that are substantially the same as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent

than, those prevailing for comparable transactions with unaffiliated persons and that do not involve more than the
normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features; and

 

 
(b) not exceed certain limitations on the amount of credit extended to such persons, individually and in the aggregate, which

limits are based, in part, on the amount of Wolverine Bank’s capital.

In addition, extensions of credit in excess of certain limits must be approved by Wolverine Bank’s Board of Directors.

Enforcement. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has primary enforcement responsibility over federal savings
banks and has the authority to bring enforcement action against all “institution-affiliated parties,” including directors, officers,
stockholders, attorneys, appraisers and accountants who knowingly or recklessly participate in wrongful action likely to have an
adverse effect on a federal savings bank. Formal enforcement action by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency may range from
the issuance of a capital directive or cease and desist order, to removal of officers and/or directors of the institution, and the
appointment of a receiver or conservator. Civil penalties cover a wide range of violations and actions, and range up to $25,000 per day,
unless a finding of reckless disregard is made, in which case penalties may be as high as $1 million per day. The Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation also has the authority to terminate deposit insurance or to recommend to the Director of the Office of the
Comptroller of the Currency that enforcement action be taken with respect to a particular savings institution. If action is not taken by
the Director, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation has authority to take action under specified circumstances.

Standards for Safety and Soundness. Federal law requires each federal banking agency to prescribe certain standards for all
insured depository institutions. These standards relate to, among other things, internal controls, information systems and audit systems,
loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate risk exposure, asset growth, compensation, and other operational and managerial
standards as the agency deems appropriate. Interagency guidelines set forth the safety and soundness standards that the federal banking
agencies use to identify and address problems at insured depository institutions before capital becomes impaired. If the appropriate
federal banking agency determines that an institution fails to meet any standard prescribed by the guidelines, the agency may require
the institution to submit to the agency an acceptable plan to achieve compliance with the standard. If an institution fails to meet these
standards, the appropriate federal banking agency may require the institution to implement an acceptable compliance plan. Failure to
implement such a plan can result in further enforcement action, including the issuance of a cease and desist order or the imposition of
civil money penalties.

Prompt Corrective Action Regulations. Under prompt corrective action regulations, the Office of the Comptroller of the
Currency is authorized and, under certain circumstances, required to take supervisory actions
 

128



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 138/188

Table of Contents

against undercapitalized savings banks. For this purpose, a savings bank is placed in one of the following five categories based on the
savings bank’s capital:
 

 •  well-capitalized (at least 5% leverage capital, 6% Tier 1 risk-based capital and 10% total risk-based capital);
 

 •  adequately capitalized (at least 4% leverage capital, 4% Tier 1 risk-based capital and 8% total risk-based capital);
 

 •  undercapitalized (less than 3% leverage capital, 4% Tier 1 risk-based capital and 8% total risk-based capital);
 

 
•  significantly undercapitalized (less than 3% leverage capital, 3% Tier 1 risk-based capital and 6% total risk-based

capital); and
 

 •  critically undercapitalized (less than 2% tangible capital).

Generally, the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency is required to appoint a receiver or conservator for a savings bank
that is “critically undercapitalized” within specific time frames. The regulations also provide that a capital restoration plan must be
filed with the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency within 45 days of the date a savings bank receives notice that it is
“undercapitalized,” “significantly undercapitalized” or “critically undercapitalized.” Any holding company of a savings bank that is
required to submit a capital restoration plan must guarantee the lesser of an amount equal to 5% of the savings bank’s assets at the time
it was notified or deemed to be undercapitalized by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, or the amount necessary to restore
the savings bank to adequately capitalized status. This guarantee remains in place until the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency
notifies the savings bank that it has maintained adequately capitalized status for each of four consecutive calendar quarters, and the
Office of the Comptroller of the Currency has the authority to require payment and collect payment under the guarantee. Failure by a
holding company to provide the required guarantee will result in certain operating restrictions on the savings bank, such as restrictions
on the ability to declare and pay dividends, pay executive compensation and management fees, and increase assets or expand
operations. The Office of the Comptroller of the Currency may also take any one of a number of discretionary supervisory actions
against undercapitalized savings banks, including the issuance of a capital directive and the replacement of senior executive officers
and directors.

At June 30, 2017, Wolverine Bank met the criteria for being considered “well-capitalized.”

Deposit Insurance. Wolverine Bank is a member of the Deposit Insurance Fund, which is administered by the FDIC. Deposit
accounts in Wolverine Bank are insured up to a maximum of $250,000 for each separately insured depositor.

The FDIC imposes an assessment for deposit insurance on all depository institutions. Under the FDIC’s risk-based
assessment system, insured institutions are assigned to risk categories based on supervisory evaluations, regulatory capital levels and
certain other factors. An institution’s assessment rate depends upon the category to which it is assigned and certain adjustments
specified by FDIC regulations, with less risky institutions paying lower rates. Assessment rates (inclusive of possible adjustments)
currently range from 2  1⁄2 to 45 basis points of each institution’s total assets less tangible capital. The FDIC may increase or decrease
the scale uniformly, except that no adjustment can deviate more than two basis points from the base scale without notice and comment
rulemaking. The FDIC’s current system represents a change, required by the Dodd-Frank Act, from its prior practice of basing the
assessment on an institution’s volume of deposits.

In addition to the FDIC assessments, the Financing Corporation is authorized to impose and collect, through the FDIC,
assessments for anticipated payments, issuance costs and custodial fees on bonds issued by the Financing Corporation in the 1980s to
recapitalize the former Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. The bonds issued by the Financing Corporation are due to
mature in 2017 through 2019. For the quarter ended June 30, 2017, the annualized Financing Corporation assessment was equal to 0.54
basis points of total assets less tangible capital.
 

129



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 139/188

Table of Contents

The Dodd-Frank Act increased the minimum target Deposit Insurance Fund ratio from 1.15% of estimated insured deposits to
1.35% of estimated insured deposits. The FDIC must seek to achieve the 1.35% ratio by September 30, 2020. Insured institutions with
assets of $10 billion or more are supposed to fund the increase. The Dodd-Frank Act eliminated the 1.5% maximum fund ratio, instead
leaving it to the discretion of the FDIC and the FDIC has exercised that discretion by establishing a long-term fund ratio of 2%.

The FDIC has authority to increase insurance assessments. Any significant increases would have an adverse effect on the
operating expenses and results of operations of Wolverine Bank. Wolverine Bank’s management cannot predict what assessment rates
will be in the future.

Insurance of deposits may be terminated by the FDIC upon a finding that an institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound
practices, is in an unsafe or unsound condition to continue operations or has violated any applicable law, regulation, rule, order or
condition imposed by the FDIC. Management of Wolverine Bank does not know of any practice, condition or violation that may lead
to termination of Wolverine Bank’s deposit insurance.

Prohibitions Against Tying Arrangements. Federal savings banks are prohibited, subject to some exceptions, from extending
credit to or offering any other service, or fixing or varying the consideration for such extension of credit or service, on the condition
that the customer obtain some additional service from the institution or its affiliates or not obtain services of a competitor of the
institution.

Federal Home Loan Bank System. Wolverine Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank System, which consists of
12 regional Federal Home Loan Banks. The Federal Home Loan Bank System provides a central credit facility primarily for member
institutions as well as other entities involved in home mortgage lending. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis,
Wolverine Bank is required to acquire and hold shares of capital stock in the Federal Home Loan Bank. As of June 30, 2017,
Wolverine Bank was in compliance with this requirement.

Qualified Mortgages and Retention of Credit Risk. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau has issued a rule designed to
clarify for lenders how they can avoid legal liability under the Dodd-Frank Act, which would hold lenders accountable for ensuring a
borrower’s ability to repay a mortgage. Loans that meet this “qualified mortgage” definition will be presumed to have complied with
the new ability-to-repay standard. Under the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule, a “qualified mortgage” loan must not
contain certain specified features, including:
 

 
•  excessive upfront points and fees (those exceeding 3% of the total loan amount, less “bona fide discount points” for

prime loans);
 

 •  interest-only payments;
 

 •  negative-amortization; and
 

 •  terms longer than 30 years.

Also, to qualify as a “qualified mortgage,” a borrower’s total monthly debt-to-income ratio may not exceed 43%. Lenders
must also verify and document the income and financial resources relied upon to qualify the borrower for the loan and underwrite the
loan based on a fully amortizing payment schedule and maximum interest rate during the first five years, taking into account all
applicable taxes, insurance and assessments. The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau’s rule on qualified mortgages could limit
Wolverine Bank’s ability or desire to make certain types of loans or loans to certain borrowers, or could make it more expensive/and or
time consuming to make these loans, which could limit Wolverine Bank’s growth or profitability.

In addition, the Dodd-Frank Act requires the regulatory agencies to issue regulations that require securitizers of loans to retain
not less than 5% of the credit risk for any asset that is not a “qualified residential mortgage.” The regulatory agencies have issued a
proposed rule to implement this requirement. The Dodd-Frank Act provides that the definition of “qualified residential mortgage” can
be no broader than the definition of “qualified mortgage” issued by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau for purposes of its
regulations (as
 

130



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 140/188

Table of Contents

described above). Although the final rule with respect to the retention of credit risk has not yet been issued, the final rule could have a
significant effect on the secondary market for loans and the types of loans Wolverine Bank originates, and restrict its ability to make
loans.

Other Regulations

Interest and other charges collected or contracted for by Wolverine Bank are subject to state usury laws and federal laws
concerning interest rates. Wolverine Bank’s operations are also subject to federal laws applicable to credit transactions, such as the:
 

 •  Truth-in-Lending Act, governing disclosures of credit terms to consumer borrowers;
 

 
•  Home Mortgage Disclosure Act, requiring financial institutions to provide information to enable the public and public

officials to determine whether a financial institution is fulfilling its obligation to help meet the housing needs of the
community it serves;

 

 
•  Equal Credit Opportunity Act, prohibiting discrimination on the basis of race, creed or other prohibited factors in

extending credit;
 

 •  Fair Credit Reporting Act, governing the use and provision of information to credit reporting agencies;
 

 •  Fair Debt Collection Act, governing the manner in which consumer debts may be collected by collection agencies;
 

 •  Truth in Savings Act; and
 

 •  rules and regulations of the various federal agencies charged with the responsibility of implementing such federal laws.

The operations of Wolverine Bank also are subject to the:
 

 
•  Right to Financial Privacy Act, which imposes a duty to maintain confidentiality of consumer financial records and

prescribes procedures for complying with administrative subpoenas of financial records;
 

 
•  Electronic Funds Transfer Act and Regulation E promulgated thereunder, which govern automatic deposits to and

withdrawals from deposit accounts and customers’ rights and liabilities arising from the use of automated teller
machines and other electronic banking services;

 

 
•  Check Clearing for the 21st Century Act (also known as “Check 21”), which gives “substitute checks,” such as digital

check images and copies made from that image, the same legal standing as the original paper check;
 

 

•  The USA PATRIOT Act, which requires savings banks to, among other things, establish broadened anti-money
laundering compliance programs, and due diligence policies and controls to ensure the detection and reporting of money
laundering. Such required compliance programs are intended to supplement existing compliance requirements that also
apply to financial institutions under the Bank Secrecy Act and the Office of Foreign Assets Control regulations; and

 

 

•  The Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, which places limitations on the sharing of consumer financial information by financial
institutions with unaffiliated third parties. Specifically, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act requires all financial institutions
offering financial products or services to retail customers to provide such customers with the financial institution’s
privacy policy and provide such customers the opportunity to “opt out” of the sharing of certain personal financial
information with unaffiliated third parties.

Holding Company Regulation

General. Wolverine is a non-diversified savings and loan holding company within the meaning of the Home Owners’ Loan
Act. As such, Wolverine is registered with the Federal Reserve Board and is subject to
 

131



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 141/188

Table of Contents

Federal Reserve Board regulations, examinations, supervision and reporting requirements. In addition, the Federal Reserve Board has
enforcement authority over Wolverine and its non-insured subsidiaries. Among other things, this authority permits the Federal Reserve
Board to restrict or prohibit activities that are determined to be a serious risk to the subsidiary savings institution.

Permissible Activities. The business activities of Wolverine are generally limited to those activities permissible for financial
holding companies under Section 4(k) of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, or for multiple savings and loan
holding companies. A financial holding company may engage in activities that are financial in nature, including underwriting equity
securities and insurance as well as activities that are incidental to financial activities or complementary to a financial activity. The
Dodd-Frank Act added that any savings and loan holding company that engages in activities permissible for a financial holding
company must meet the qualitative requirements for a bank holding company to be a financial holding company and conduct the
activities in accordance with the requirements that would apply to a financial holding company’s conduct of the activity. A multiple
savings and loan holding company is generally limited to activities permissible for bank holding companies under Section 4(c)(8) of
the Bank Holding Company Act, subject to the prior approval of the Federal Reserve Board, and certain additional activities authorized
by Federal Reserve Board regulations.

Federal law prohibits a savings and loan holding company, including Wolverine, directly or indirectly, or through one or more
subsidiaries, from acquiring more than 5% of another savings institution or holding company thereof, without prior written approval of
the Federal Reserve Board. It also prohibits the acquisition or retention of, with certain exceptions, more than 5% of a nonsubsidiary
company engaged in activities that are not closely related to banking or financial in nature, or acquiring or retaining control of an
institution that is not federally insured. In evaluating applications by holding companies to acquire savings institutions, the Federal
Reserve Board must consider the financial and managerial resources, future prospects of the company and institution involved, the
effect of the acquisition on the risk to the federal deposit insurance fund, the convenience and needs of the community and competitive
factors.

Capital. Savings and loan holding companies have not historically been subjected to consolidated regulatory capital
requirements. However, the Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve Board to set for all depository institution holding companies
minimum consolidated capital levels that are as stringent as those required for the insured depository subsidiaries. The previously
discussed final rule regarding regulatory capital requirements implements the Dodd-Frank Act as to savings and loan holding
companies. Consolidated regulatory capital requirements identical to those applicable to the subsidiary depository institutions apply to
savings and loan holding companies as of January 1, 2015. As is the case with institutions themselves, the capital conservation buffer
will be phased in between 2016 and 2019.

Dividends. The Federal Reserve Board has issued policy guidance regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding
companies that it has made applicable to savings and loan holding companies as well. In general, the Federal Reserve Board’s policies
provide that dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding
company appears consistent with the organization’s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Federal Reserve Board
guidance provides for prior regulatory review of capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the company’s net income
for the past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company’s
overall rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company’s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a
holding company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized. These regulatory policies could
affect the ability of Wolverine to pay dividends or otherwise engage in capital distributions.

Source of Strength. The Dodd-Frank Act extended the “source of strength” doctrine to savings and loan holding companies.
The regulatory agencies must issue regulations requiring that all bank and savings and loan holding companies serve as a source of
strength to their subsidiary depository institutions by providing capital, liquidity and other support in times of financial stress.
 

132



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 142/188

Table of Contents

Federal Securities Laws

Wolverine’s common stock is registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of
1934. Wolverine is subject to the information, proxy solicitation, insider trading restrictions and other requirements under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934.

Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 addresses, among other issues, corporate governance, auditing and accounting, executive
compensation, and enhanced and timely disclosure of corporate information. As directed by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, Wolverine’s
Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer are required to certify that Wolverine’s quarterly and annual reports do not contain
any untrue statement of a material fact. The rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
have several requirements, including having these officers certify that: they are responsible for establishing, maintaining and regularly
evaluating the effectiveness of Wolverine’s internal control over financial reporting; they have made certain disclosures to Wolverine’s
auditors and the audit committee of the board of directors about Wolverine’s internal control over financial reporting; and they have
included information in Wolverine’s quarterly and annual reports about their evaluation and whether there have been changes in
Wolverine’s internal control over financial reporting or in other factors that could materially affect internal control over financial
reporting. Wolverine has policies, procedures and systems designed to ensure compliance with these regulations.

Taxation

Federal Taxation

General. Wolverine and Wolverine Bank are subject to federal income taxation in the same general manner as other
corporations, with some exceptions discussed below. The following discussion of federal taxation is intended only to summarize
material federal income tax matters and is not a comprehensive description of the tax rules applicable to Wolverine and Wolverine
Bank.

Method of Accounting. For federal income tax purposes, Wolverine and its subsidiaries currently report income and expenses
on the accrual method of accounting with a tax year ending December 31st for filing its consolidated federal income tax returns. The
Small Business Protection Act of 1996 eliminated the use of the reserve method of accounting for bad debt reserves by savings
institutions, effective for taxable years beginning after 1995.

Minimum Tax. The Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, imposes an alternative minimum tax at a rate of 20% on a
base of regular taxable income plus certain tax preferences, referred to as “alternative minimum taxable income.” The alternative
minimum tax is payable to the extent alternative minimum taxable income is in excess of an exemption amount. Net operating losses
can, in general, offset no more than 90% of alternative minimum taxable income. Certain payments of alternative minimum tax may be
used as credits against regular tax liabilities in future years. At June 30, 2017, Wolverine Bank had no minimum tax credit
carryforward.

Corporate Dividends. Wolverine may exclude from its income 100% of dividends received from Wolverine Bank as a
member of the same affiliated group of corporations.

Audit of Tax Returns. Wolverine and its subsidiaries’ federal income tax returns have not been audited in the most recent
five-year period.

State Taxation

Companies headquartered in Michigan, such as Wolverine Bank, are subject to a Michigan capital tax which is an assessment
of 0.29% of a company’s consolidated net capital, based on a rolling five-year average. Other applicable state taxes include generally
applicable sales, use and real property taxes.

As a Maryland business corporation, Wolverine is required to file an annual franchise tax return with the State of Maryland.
 

133



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 143/188

Table of Contents

Properties

Wolverine Bank operates from its main office in Midland, Michigan, from one branch office located in Midland, Michigan,
and one branch office located in Frankenmuth, Michigan. At June 30, 2017, the net book value of Wolverine Bank’s premises, land and
equipment was $1.1 million.

The following table sets forth information with respect to Wolverine’s banking offices, including the expiration date of leases
with respect to leased facilities.
 

Address   Leased or Owned   
Year Acquired or

Leased    Expires 
Main Office:
5710 Eastman Avenue
Midland, Michigan 48640   

 Owned 

  

 1979 

  

 n/a 

Branch Offices:       
Downtown Office:
118 Ashman Street
Midland, Michigan 48640   

 Leased 

  

 2005 

  

 2020 

Frankenmuth Office:
464 N. Main Street
Frankenmuth, Michigan
48734   

 Owned 

  

 1978 

  

 n/a 

Legal Proceedings

As of the date of this document, Wolverine was not involved in any pending legal proceedings other than routine legal
proceedings occurring in the ordinary course of business that, in the aggregate, involve amounts that Wolverine’s management believes
will not materially adversely affect Wolverine’s financial condition, results of operations or cash flows.

Market Price and Dividend Information and Related Stockholder Matters

For information regarding the high and low prices per share for Wolverine common stock and the cash dividends declared by
Wolverine for each quarterly period within the last two fiscal years and the first three quarters of 2017, as well as certain other related
stockholder matters, see “Summary – Market Prices and Share Information” on page 17 above.

Dividend payments by Wolverine Bancorp depend, in large part, on dividends it receives from Wolverine Bank, because
Wolverine has no source of income other than dividends from Wolverine Bank and interest payments with respect to Wolverine’s loan
to the Wolverine Bank ESOP.

Wolverine is subject to state law limitations and federal bank regulatory policy on the payment of dividends. Maryland law
generally limits dividends if the corporation would not be able to pay its debts in the usual course of business after giving effect to the
dividend or if the corporation’s total assets would be less than the corporation’s total liabilities plus the amount needed to satisfy the
preferential rights upon dissolution of stockholders whose preferential rights on dissolution are superior to those receiving the
distribution.

The Federal Reserve Board has issued policy guidance regarding the payment of dividends by bank holding companies that it
has made applicable to savings and loan holding companies as well. In general, the Federal Reserve Board’s policies provide that
dividends should be paid only out of current earnings and only if the prospective rate of earnings retention by the holding company
appears consistent with the organization’s capital needs, asset quality and overall financial condition. Federal Reserve Board guidance
provides for prior regulatory review of capital distributions in certain circumstances such as where the company’s net income for the
past four quarters, net of dividends previously paid over that period, is insufficient to fully fund the dividend or the company’s overall
rate of earnings retention is inconsistent with the company’s capital needs and overall financial condition. The ability of a holding
company to pay dividends may be restricted if a subsidiary bank becomes undercapitalized.
 

134



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 144/188

Table of Contents

Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of Wolverine

Critical Accounting Policies

Wolverine considers accounting policies that require management to exercise significant judgment or discretion or make
significant assumptions that have, or could have, a material impact on the carrying value of certain assets or on income, to be critical
accounting policies. Wolverine considers the following to be its critical accounting policies.

Allowance for Loan Losses. Wolverine believes that the allowance for loan losses and related provision for loan losses are
particularly susceptible to change in the near term, due to changes in credit quality, which are evidenced by trends in charge offs and in
the volume and severity of past due loans. In addition, Wolverine’s portfolio is comprised of a substantial amount of commercial real
estate loans that generally have greater credit risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage and consumer loans because these
loans generally have larger principal balances and are non-homogenous.

The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level to cover probable credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the
balance sheet date. Based on Wolverine’s estimate of the level of allowance for loan losses required, Wolverine records a provision for
loan losses as a charge to earnings to maintain the allowance for loan losses at an appropriate level. The estimate of Wolverine’s credit
losses is applied to two general categories of loans:
 

 
•  loans that Wolverine evaluates individually for impairment under Accounting Standards Codification 310-10,

“Receivables;” and
 

 
•  groups of loans with similar risk characteristics that Wolverine evaluates collectively for impairment under Accounting

Standards Codification 450-20, “Loss Contingencies.”

The allowance for loan losses is evaluated on a regular basis by Wolverine’s management and reflects consideration of all
significant factors that affect the collectability of the loan portfolio. The factors used to evaluate the collectability of the loan portfolio
include, but are not limited to, current economic conditions, Wolverine’s historical loss experience, the nature and volume of the loan
portfolio, the financial strength of the borrower, and estimated value of any underlying collateral. This evaluation is inherently
subjective as it requires estimates that are subject to significant revision as more information becomes available. Actual loan losses
may be significantly more than the allowance for loan losses Wolverine has established, which could have a material negative effect on
Wolverine’s financial results.

Income Tax Accounting. The provision for income taxes is based upon income in Wolverine’s consolidated financial
statements, rather than amounts reported on its income tax return. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the future tax
consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their
respective tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the
years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on Wolverine’s
deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized as income or expense in the period that includes the enactment date. Under U.S. GAAP,
a valuation allowance is required to be recognized if it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. The
determination as to whether Wolverine will be able to realize the deferred tax assets is highly subjective and dependent upon judgment
concerning Wolverine’s evaluation of both positive and negative evidence, Wolverine’s forecasts of future income, applicable tax
planning strategies, and assessments of current and future economic and business conditions. Positive evidence includes the existence
of taxes paid in available carryback years as well as the probability that taxable income will be generated in future periods, while
negative evidence includes any cumulative losses in the current year and prior two years and general business and economic trends.
Any reduction in estimated future taxable income may require Wolverine to record a valuation allowance against its deferred tax assets.
Any required valuation allowance would result in additional income tax expense in the period and could have a significant impact on
Wolverine’s future earnings. Positions taken in Wolverine’s tax returns may be subject to challenge by the taxing authorities upon
examination. The benefit of an uncertain tax position is initially recognized in the financial statements only
 

135



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 145/188

Table of Contents

when it is more likely than not the position will be sustained upon examination by the tax authorities. Such tax positions are both
initially and subsequently measured as the largest amount of tax benefit that is greater than 50% likely of being realized upon
settlement with the tax authority, assuming full knowledge of the position and all relevant facts. Differences between Wolverine’s
position and the position of tax authorities could result in a reduction of a tax benefit or an increase to a tax liability, which could
adversely affect Wolverine’s future income tax expense.

Wolverine believes its tax policies and practices are critical accounting policies because the determination of its tax provision
and current and deferred tax assets and liabilities have a material impact on its net income and the carrying value of Wolverine’s assets.
Wolverine believes its tax liabilities and assets are properly recorded in the consolidated financial statements at June 30, 2017,
December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015 and no valuation allowance was necessary.

Comparison of Financial Condition at June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016

Total assets decreased $48.5 million, or 11.2%, to $385.9 million at June 30, 2017 from $434.4 million at December 31, 2016.
The decrease was primarily the result of a decrease of $41.5 million in interest-earning demand deposits due to the payoff in early
January 2017 of $27.0 million of federal funds purchased, the payoff of $13.0 million variable-rate Federal Home Loan Bank advances
that originated in December 2016, the maturity of $5.0 million Federal Home Loan Bank advance, and a decrease of $6.2 million in net
loans receivable offset by $12.0 million of federal funds purchased.

Loans held for sale decreased $238,000 to $0 at June 30, 2017 from $238,000 at December 31, 2016.

Net loans decreased $6.2 million, or 2.1%, to $314.4 million at June 30, 2017 from $320.6 million at December 31, 2016.
Commercial non-mortgage loans decreased $5.2 million, or 25.9%, one-to four-family loans decreased $3.2 million, or 9.0%, and
construction loans decreased $3.1 million, or 23.0%, partially offset by an increase in commercial real estate loans of $6.6 million, or
3.4%.

The undisbursed portion of loans increased $468,000 to $6.3 million at June 30, 2017 from $5.8 million at December 31,
2016.

Other real estate owned increased $112,000, or 130.2%, to $198,000 at June 30, 2017, from $86,000 at December 31, 2016
resulting from additions of $190,000 offset by net sales of $78,000.

Other assets, consisting primarily of net deferred and accrued federal taxes, decreased $204,000 to $4.5 million at June 30,
2017 from $4.7 million at December 31, 2016.

Deposits decreased $17.8 million to $262.7 million at June 30, 2017 from $280.5 million at December 31, 2016. Core
deposits (consisting of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts, money market accounts and savings accounts)
decreased $1.2 million, primarily due to decreases in money market and checking accounts. Certificates of deposit decreased
$16.7 million, or 13.1%, to $110.5 million at June 30, 2017 from $127.2 million at December 31, 2016, primarily due to maturities that
were not renewed.

Federal Home Loan Bank advances decreased $18.0 million to $42.0 million at June 30, 2017 from $60.0 million at
December 31, 2016 due to the payoff of $13.0 million variable rate advances in early January and other scheduled maturities.

Federal Funds purchased decreased $15.0 million, or 55.6%, to $12.0 million at June 30, 2017 from $27.0 million at
December 31, 2016 due to the payoff of $27.0 million in early January offset by new advances of $12.0 million in June.

Interest payable and other liabilities, consisting primarily of liabilities for checks and money orders, and accrued expenses,
increased $1.1 million from $5.9 million at December 31, 2016 to $7.0 million at June 30, 2017 due to a $1.8 million increase in
borrower’s prepaid taxes and insurances, increased accrued profit sharing of $410,000, and increased accounts payable of $324,000
offset in part by a decrease in accrued dividends payable of $1.5 million.
 

136



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 146/188

Table of Contents

Total stockholders’ equity increased $1.2 million, or 2.0%, to $62.2 million at June 30, 2017 from $61.0 million at
December 31, 2016, primarily due to net income of $2.6 million offset in part by dividends payable of $1.7 million.

Comparison of Financial Condition at December 31, 2016 and December 31, 2015

Total assets increased $16.6 million, or 4.0%, to $434.4 million at December 31, 2016 from $417.8 million at December 31,
2015. The increase resulted from an increase of $50.8 million in cash and cash equivalents offset in part by a $39.0 million decrease in
interest-earning time deposits.

Cash and cash equivalents increased $50.8 million, or 96.0%, to $103.6 million at December 31, 2016 from $52.9 million at
December 31, 2015. The increase in cash and cash equivalents was primarily due to a $13.0 million advance, the maturing of
$39.0 million of interest-earning time deposits, and increased Federal funds purchased of $3.0 million.

Mortgage loans held for sale decreased $343,000, or 59.0%, to $238,000 at December 31, 2016 from $581,000 at
December 31, 2015 due to fluctuation in mortgage secondary market activities.

Net loans increased $6.0 million, or 1.9%, to $320.6 million at December 31, 2016 from $314.6 million at December 31,
2015 as commercial real estate loans increased $12.0 million, to $195.9 million at December 31, 2016 from $183.9 million at
December 31, 2015 and commercial non-mortgage loans increased $5.2 million to $20.0 million at December 31, 2016 from
$14.8 million at December 31, 2015. One-to-four family residential mortgage loans decreased $4.3 million, to $35.4 million at
December 31, 2016 from $39.7 million at December 31, 2015, primarily due to repayments and refinances. Additionally, Wolverine
does not hold a significant amount of fixed rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans in its portfolio in the current interest rate
environment. Multifamily loans decreased $4.0 to $54.8 million from $58.8 million at December 31, 2015. In addition, home equity
loans decreased $1.5 million to $4.0 million from $5.5 million, construction loans decreased $1.3 million to $13.5 million from
$14.8 million, and land loans decreased $1.0 million to $11.5 million from $12.5 million.

Securities held to maturity, which consists of one treasury bond at December 31, 2016, decreased to $499,000 at
December 31, 2016 from $500,000 at December 31, 2015.

Other assets, consisting primarily of deferred federal taxes, decreased $452,000, or 8.7%, to $4.7 million at December 31,
2016, from $5.2 million at December 31, 2015. A decrease to the corporate federal income tax rate may impair Wolverine’s deferred
tax assets (DTAs). At December 31, 2016, Wolverine’s DTAs were approximately $3.3 million. While a decline in the corporate tax
rate may lower Wolverine’s tax provision expense, it may also significantly impair the value of Wolverine’s DTAs in the year the rate
decrease is enacted. Such impairment could have a material adverse effect on Wolverine’s financial condition and results of operations.

Federal Home Loan Bank stock remained constant at $2.7 million from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016.

Deposits decreased $1.2 million, or 0.4%, to $280.5 million at December 31, 2016 from $281.7 million at December 31,
2015. Certificates of deposit decreased $36.6 million, or 22.3%, to $127.2 million at December 31, 2016 from $163.8 million at
December 31, 2015. Wolverine’s core deposits (consisting of interest-bearing and noninterest-bearing checking accounts, money
market accounts and savings accounts) increased $35.4 million, or 30.1%, to $153.3 million at December 31, 2016 from $117.9 million
at December 31, 2015.

Total stockholders’ equity increased $494,000, or 0.8%, to $61.0 million at December 31, 2015 from $60.5 million at
December 31, 2015 primarily due to net income of $4.4 million less a dividend declared of $3.2 million and repurchases of Wolverine’s
common stock totaling $1.5 million.

Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016

General. Wolverine recorded net income of $1.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 compared to net income of
$1.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016. The increase was primarily
 

137



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 147/188

Table of Contents

related to a decrease in provision for loan losses of $1.3 million due to a negative provision of $1.5 million for the three months ended
June 30, 2017 from a negative provision of $200,000 for the three months ending June 30, 2016. This was offset in part by an increase
in professional and service fees of $697,000 from $129,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 to $826,000 for the three months
ended June 30, 2017, which is primarily due to the merger, and an increase in salaries and employee benefits of $261,000 from
$1.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016 to $1.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017. In addition interest
and dividend income increased $167,000 to $4.3 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from income of $4.2 million for the
three months ended June 30, 2016.

Interest and Dividend Income. Interest and dividend income increased $167,000, or 4.0%, to $4.3 million for the three
months ended June 30, 2017. Average balances of interest-earnings assets decreased $13.7 million to $363.2 million for the three
months ended June 30, 2017 from $377.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016, and the average yield on interest-earning
assets increased 16 basis points to 4.58% during the 2017 period from 4.42% during the 2016 period.

Interest income on loans increased $141,000, or 3.5%, to $4.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from
$4.1 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016. This increase was partially due to $178,000 in loan interest income related to
one-time prepayment penalties. There was an increase of 28 basis points in the average yield to 5.17% during the 2017 period versus
4.89% during the 2016 period, primarily due to an increase in overall market interest rates. Average net loans decreased $21.3 million,
or 6.4%, to $312.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from $333.7 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016.

Income from dividends and investment securities increased $26,000 to $126,000 for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 from
$100,000 for the quarter ended June 30, 2016.

Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased $34,000, or 3.5%, to $939,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from
$973,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016. Interest expense on deposits increased $40,000 to $548,000 during the 2017 period
from $508,000 during the 2016 period. Interest expense on borrowed funds decreased $74,000 to $391,000 for the three months ended
June 30, 2017 from $465,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016 due to the payoff of maturing advances.

Average interest-bearing liabilities decreased $9.7 million, or 3.1%, to $304.7 million for the three months ended June 30,
2017 from $314.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016. The average rate paid on these liabilities decreased one basis point
to 1.23% during the 2017 period from 1.24% during the 2016 period. Interest expense on certificates of deposit decreased $75,000, or
17.2%, to $362,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from $443,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016. The average
balance of certificates of deposits decreased to $112.4 million for the 2017 period, from $155.7 million for the 2016 period as
certificates of deposits ran off at maturity, while the rate on certificates of deposit increased 15 basis points to 1.29% for the three
months ended June 30, 2017 from 1.14% for the three months ended June 30, 2016 primarily due to the increase in overall market
interest rates.

The average balance of core deposits, consisting of checking accounts, money market accounts and savings accounts,
increased $31.2 million, or 27.9%, to $142.9 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from $111.7 million for the three
months ended June 30, 2016. The interest paid on core deposits increased $120,000 to $185,000 for the three months ended June 30,
2017 from $65,000 for three months ended June 30, 2016. The rate on core deposits for the three months ended June 30, 2017
increased 29 basis points to 0.52% from 0.23% for the three months ended June 30, 2016 primarily due to the increase in overall
market interest rates.

Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased $201,000 to $3.4 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 from
$3.2 million for the three months ended June 30, 2016. Changes in net interest income are influenced by a variety of factors, including
changes in the level and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, the level and direction of interest rates, the
difference between short-term and long-term interest rates and the general strength of the economy.
 

138



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 148/188

Table of Contents

Provision for Loan Losses. Based on Wolverine’s analysis of the factors described in “Critical Accounting Policies –
 Allowance for Loan Losses,” Wolverine recorded a negative provision for loan losses of $1.5 million for the three months ended
June 30, 2017 and a negative provision for loan losses of $200,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016. The negative provision in
the 2017 period was primarily due to a decrease of $760,000 in specific allocations related to four commercial relationships and a
$568,000 reduction in qualitative factors. At June 30, 2017, non-performing loans totaled $4.5 million, or 1.5% of total loans, as
compared to $7.1 million, or 2.1% of total loans, at June 30, 2016. The allowance for loan losses to total loans receivable was 2.2% at
June 30, 2017 and 2.8% at June 30, 2016. The negative provision expense in 2017 is also due to continued economic improvement,
stabilized levels of non-performing assets, and stabilized delinquencies. All loans deemed impaired are reviewed for additional
impairment at least each quarter. Overall, management continues to focus on resolving non-performing assets and maintaining levels of
asset quality. In addition to its collections department personnel in working out loans, Wolverine continues to involve business
development officers and, on significant assets, underwriters and senior management.

Noninterest Income. Noninterest income increased $19,000, or 6.8%, to $297,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2017
from $278,000 for the three months ended June 30, 2016.

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased $1.0 million for the three months ended June 30, 2017 as compared to
the three months ended June 30, 2016. This was primarily due to a $697,000 increase in professional and service fees related to the
merger, a $261,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits expense, and a $75,000 increase in loan legal expense. This was offset in
part by a decrease of $79,000 in Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation premiums.

Income Tax Expense. Wolverine recorded $932,000 of income tax expense for the three months ended June 30, 2017
compared to $587,000 of income tax expense for the three months ended June 30, 2016. Wolverine’s effective tax rate was 42.2% for
the three months ended June 30, 2017 and 33.1% for the three months ended June 30, 2016.

Comparison of Operating Results for the Six Months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016

General. Wolverine recorded net income of $2.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 compared to net income of
$2.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. Net interest income increased $259,000 to $6.5 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2017 from $6.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016.

Interest and Dividend Income. Interest and dividend income increased $248,000, or 3.0%, to $8.5 million for the six months
ended June 30, 2017 from $8.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. Although the average balance of interest-earning assets
decreased $12.9 million to $366.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from $379.0 million for the six months ended
June 30, 2016, the average yield on interest-earning assets increased 18 basis points to 4.52% during the 2017 period from 4.34%
during the 2016 period.

Interest income on loans increased $215,000, or 2.7%, to $8.2 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from
$8.0 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. This increase was due in part to $208,000 in loan interest income related to
one-time prepayment penalties. There was an increase of 21 basis points in the average yield to 5.10% for the six months ended
June 30, 2017 from 4.89% for the six months ended June 30, 2016 reflecting the increase in overall market interest rates.

Interest income on investment securities and other interest-earning assets, and dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank of
Indianapolis stock increased $33,000, or 14.4%, to $262,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from $229,000 for the six months
ended June 30, 2016.

Interest Expense. Interest expense decreased $11,000, or 0.6%, to $1.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from
$1.9 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. There was a decrease in interest-bearing liabilities of $11.9 million, or 3.7%, to
$307.6 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from $319.5 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The average rate
paid on these liabilities increased four basis points to 1.25% for the 2017 period from 1.21% for the 2016 period.
 

139



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 149/188

Table of Contents

The average balance of Wolverine’s core deposits, consisting of checking accounts, money market accounts and savings
accounts, increased $29.7 million, or 26.5%, to $141.7 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 from $112.0 million for the six
months ended June 30, 2016. Also, the interest on core deposits increased $215,000 to $351,000 for the 2017 period from $136,000 for
the 2016 period.

Interest expense on certificates of deposits decreased $128,000, or 14.5%, to $752,000 for the six months ended June 30,
2017 from $880,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016. This was primarily due to a decrease in the average balance of certificates
of deposits of $41.9 million to $118.6 million for the 2017 period, from $160.5 million for the 2016 period as certificates of deposit ran
off at maturity. Also, the yield on certificates of deposit increased 17 basis points to 1.27% for the 2017 period from 1.10% for the
2016 period.

Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased $259,000, or 4.1%, to $6.5 million for the six months ended June 30,
2017 from $6.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016, as Wolverine’s average net loans decreased $13.5 million from
$327.5 million to $314.0 million. Wolverine’s net interest rate spread increased 14 basis points to 3.27% from 3.13% and its net interest
margin increased 13 basis points to 3.39% from 3.26%. The increase in net interest income reflected the increase in net loans; paying
off of maturing, higher interest rate Federal Home Loan Bank advances; managing the maturities of higher interest rate certificates of
deposit; and managing the inflow, interest rates, and term structure of new deposits. These items were offset by Wolverine’s ongoing
interest rate risk strategy of selling in the secondary market long-term, fixed-rate one- to four-family residential mortgage loans during
the current low interest rate environment.

Provision for Loan Losses. Based on its analysis of the factors described in “Critical Accounting Policies – Allowance for
Loan Losses,” Wolverine recorded a negative provision for loan losses of $2.1 million for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and a
negative provision for loan losses of $200,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2016. The negative provision in 2017 was primarily
due to a decrease of $1.6 million in specific allocations related to five commercial relationships, $568,000 in qualitative factors,
changes in quarterly factors used to calculate the allowance for loan losses, and improved loan quality. The negative provision expense
in 2017 is also due to continued economic improvement, stabilized levels of non-performing assets, and stabilized delinquencies. All
loans deemed impaired are reviewed for additional impairment at least each quarter. Overall, management continues to focus on
resolving non-performing assets and maintaining levels of asset quality. In addition to its collections department personnel in working
out loans, Wolverine continues to involve business development officers and, on significant assets, underwriters and senior
management.

The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-performing loans increased to 155.9% at June 30, 2017 from 137.4% at
June 30, 2016. To the best of its knowledge, Wolverine has provided for all losses that are both probable and reasonable to estimate at
June 30, 2017 and 2016.

Noninterest Income. Noninterest income decreased $94,000, or 16.8%, to $467,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2017
from $561,000 for the six months ended June 30, 2017. The decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease of $125,000 in net gain
on loan sales offset by a $36,000 decrease in net gain on the sale of other real estate owned, and a $23,000 decrease in loan fees earned
offset in part by a $47,000 increase in loan fees earned.

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased $1.0 million, or 27.2% for the six months ended June 30, 2017 as
compared to the six months ended June 30, 2016. This was primarily due to an increase of $801,000 in professional and service fees,
which were primarily related to the merger, and a $245,000 increase in salaries and employee benefits.

Income Tax Expense. Wolverine recorded a $1.6 million income tax expense for the six months ended June 30, 2017
compared to a $1.1 million income tax expense for the 2016 period, reflecting the income of $4.2 million before income tax expense
during the six months ended June 30, 2017 versus income before income tax of $3.3 million for the six months ended June 30, 2016.
Wolverine’s effective tax expense rate was 38.6% for the six months ended June 30, 2017 compared to an effective tax expense rate of
34.0% for the six months ended June 30, 2016.
 

140



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 150/188

Table of Contents

Comparison of Operating Results for the Years Ended December 31, 2016 and 2015

Wolverine recorded net income of $4.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016, an increase of $1.2 million as
compared to net income of $3.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015 primarily due to an increase in interest income from
loans. Earnings per share, basic and diluted, for the year ended December 31, 2016 were $2.20 and $2.16, respectively.

Interest and Dividend Income. Interest and dividend income increased $1.2 million, or 7.7%, to $16.8 million for the year
ended December 31, 2016 from $15.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, and the average balance of interest-earning assets
increased to $375.8 million in 2016 from $351.6 million in 2015, and the average yield on interest-earning assets increased 4 basis
points to 4.48% during 2015 from 4.44%.

The biggest component increase in average interest-earning assets was in loans, which increased $22.8 million, or 7.6%, to
$323.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $300.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The average yield
on loans decreased 3 basis points to 5.08% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 5.11% for the year ended December 31, 2015.
The average interest-earning deposits increased $8.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 to $18.0 million from $9.7 million
for the year ended December 31, 2015. The average yield on interest-earning deposits increased 29 basis points to 0.82% at
December 31, 2016 from 0.53% at December 31, 2015. Other interest-earning assets decreased $7.0 million, or 18.5%, to $30.9 million
for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $37.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015.

Interest income on loans increased $1.0 million, or 6.5%, to $16.4 million for 2016 from $15.4 million for 2015, as the
average balance of loans increased to $323.6 million during 2016 from $300.8 million during 2015 and the average yield on net loans
of decreased three basis points to 5.08% for the year ended December 31, 2016 from 5.11% for the year ended December 31, 2015. In
addition, $505,000 of this increase was due to one-time, non-recurring prepayment penalties.

Interest and dividend income on investment securities, other interest-earning assets and FHLB of Indianapolis stock,
increased $140,000, or 57.4%, to $384,000 for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $244,000 for the year ended December 31,
2015. This includes interest income on interest-earning demand deposits, interest-earning time deposits and held-to-maturity securities.
The increased interest income is primarily due an increase of 29 basis points in the average yield on interest bearing deposits from
0.53% for the year ended December 31, 2015 to 0.82% for the year ended December 31, 2016.

Interest Expense. Interest expense increased $432,000, or 12.5%, to $3.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 from
$3.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, as the average rate Wolverine paid on these liabilities increased six basis points to
1.23% from 1.17%, and the average balance of interest-bearing liabilities increased $24.8 million, or 8.5%, to $317.0 million for 2016
from $292.2 million for 2015. Certificate of deposits had the largest increase in interest expense incurred of approximately $611,000,
or 53.9%, to $1.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $1.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, as average
balances increased by $34.6 million. The weighted average rate for certificate of deposits increased 18 basis points to 1.15% for 2016
from 0.97% for 2015.

The average balance of Wolverine’s core deposits, consisting of checking accounts, money market accounts and savings
accounts, decreased $7.0 million, or 5.8%, to $114.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 from $121.4 million for the year
ended December 31, 2015 and the interest on core deposits decreased $28,000 to $290,000 for 2016 from $318,000 for 2015. The cost
of these funds decreased 1 basis point to 0.25% for the year ended December 31, 2016, from 0.26% for the year ended December 31,
2015.

Net Interest Income. Net interest income increased $771,000, or 6.3%, to $12.9 million for the year ended December 31,
2016 from $12.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015, as Wolverine’s net average interest-earning assets increased to
$59.8 million from $59.4 million, its net interest rate spread decreased 2 basis points to 3.25% from 3.27%, and its net interest margin
decreased 1 basis point to 3.38% from 3.39%. The decrease in net interest rate spread and margin is due to an increase in the cost of
interest-bearing deposits. In addition, Wolverine received $500,000 in loan interest income related to one-time,
non-recurring prepayment penalties.
 

141



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 151/188

Table of Contents

Provision for Loan Losses. Based on Wolverine’s analysis of the factors described in “– Critical Accounting Policies –
 Allowance for Loan Losses,” Wolverine recorded a negative provision for loan losses of $760,000 for the year ended December 31,
2016 as compared to a provision for loan losses of $800,000 for the year ended December 31, 2015. The factors used to evaluate the
adequacy of the allowance and provision for loan losses of the loan portfolio include, but are not limited to, current economic
conditions, Wolverine’s historical loss experience, the nature and volume of the loan portfolio, the financial strength of the borrower,
and estimated value of any underlying collateral. The allowance for loan losses to total loans receivable decreased to 2.9% at
December 31, 2016 from 3.0% at December 31, 2015. The decrease in Wolverine’s allowance for loan losses was due in part to a
decrease of $430,000 in specific allocations related to commercial real estate loans and continued economic improvement, the
stabilization of non-performing assets, and stabilized delinquencies.

The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of non-performing loans increased to 146.3% at December 31, 2016 from
125.4% at December 31, 2015, while non-performing loans decreased by $534,000 from December 31, 2015 to December 31, 2016
due to decreased non-accrual loans and troubled debt restructurings. To the best of Wolverine’s knowledge, it has provided for all
losses that are both incurred and reasonable to estimate at December 31, 2016 and 2015.

Noninterest Income. Noninterest income decreased $166,000, or 13.6%, to $1.1 million for the year ended December 31,
2016 from $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. The decrease was due primarily to a decrease of $191,000 in gains on
the sale of a loans, an $86,000 decrease in other income, and a $37,000 decrease in services charges and fees. This was offset in part by
a $148,000 increase in gains on sale of other real estate owned.

Noninterest Expense. Noninterest expense increased $138,000 to $8.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 from
$7.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2015. There was an increase of $412,000 in salaries and benefits as a result of increased
profit sharing and an $186,000 increase in professional and service fees, primarily due to an increase in accounting and audit expenses
of $90,000 and an $85,000 increase in general legal expense. This was offset in part by a $396,000 decrease in loan legal expenses
from $322,000 at December 31, 2015 to a reimbursement of $74,000 at December 31, 2016, due primarily to recoveries of legal
expenses previously incurred.

Income Tax Expense. Wolverine recorded a $2.4 million income tax expense for the year ended December 31, 2016
compared to a $1.5 million income tax expense for 2015, reflecting income of $6.8 million before income tax expense during 2016
versus income of $4.7 million before income tax expense during 2015. Wolverine’s effective tax rate was 35.6% for 2016 compared to
an effective tax rate of 32.6% for 2015.

Asset Quality

Other real estate owned totaled $198,000, or 0.1% of total assets, at June 30, 2017 compared to $86,000, or 0.0% of total
assets, at December 31, 2016. The largest other real estate owned relationship as of June 30, 2017 was $190,000, which consisted
primarily of commercial real estate.

Non-performing assets, which includes non-performing loans, other real estate owned and troubled debt restructurings,
totaled $4.9 million, or 1.3% of total assets, at June 30, 2017 compared to $6.5 million, or 1.5% of total assets, at December 31, 2016.

Wolverine’s largest substandard and non-performing relationship as of June 30, 2017 has a balance of $2.9 million. Of the
$6.1 million loans rated substandard, approximately $1.6 million are performing.

Other real estate owned totaled $86,000, or 0.0% of total assets, at December 31, 2016 as compared to $130,000, or 0.3% of
total assets, at December 31, 2015. The largest relationship as of December 31, 2015 was $78,000 or 90.7% of other real estate owned,
which consisted of one-to-four family property.

Non-performing assets totaled $6.5 million, or 1.5% of total assets, at December 31, 2016 as compared to $7.5 million, or
1.8% of total assets, at December 31, 2015.

The largest substandard relationship as of December 31, 2016 had a total balance of $3.0 million. Of the $7.6 million loans
rated substandard, approximately $2.1 million are performing.
 

142



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 152/188

Table of Contents

Average Balances and Yields

The following tables set forth average balance sheets, average yields and costs, and certain other information for the periods
indicated. Tax-equivalent yield adjustments have not been made for tax-exempt securities. All average balances are based on
month-end balances, which Wolverine’s management deems to be representative of operations. Non-accrual loans were included in the
computation of average balances, but have been reflected in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. The yields set forth below include
the effect of deferred fees, discounts and premiums that are amortized or accreted to interest income or expense.
 
  For the Years Ended December 31,  
  2016   2015   2014  

  

Average
Outstanding

Balance   Interest   Yield/Rate  

Average
Outstanding

Balance   Interest   
Yield/
Rate   

Average
Outstanding

Balance   Interest   Yield/Rate 
           (Dollars in thousands)           
Interest-earning assets:          

Total loans  $ 323,625  $16,435   5.08%  $ 300,758  $15,372   5.11%  $ 285,465  $14,409   5.05% 
Securities:          

U.S. Government and agency
securities   498   3   0.60   500   1   0.19   25   1   4.73 

FHLB Stock   2,700   119   4.41   2,700   127   4.68   3,183   136   4.28 
Interest bearing deposits   18,021   148   0.82   9,726   51   0.53   –   –   – 
Other   30,938   114   0.37   37,904   65   0.17   32,297   61   0.19 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

 

Total interest-earning assets   375,782   16,819   4.48   351,588   15,616   4.44   320,970   14,607   4.55 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
 

Non-interest-earning assets   7,307   –    7,519   –    7,777   –  
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
 

Total assets  $ 383,089  $16,819   $ 359,107  $15,616   $ 328,747  $14,607  
   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

 

Interest-bearing liabilities:          
Regular savings accounts  $ 13,334   12   0.09  $ 12,985   13   0.10  $ 12,828   14   0.11 
Checking accounts   33,562   8   0.02   34,305   10   0.03   33,855   13   0.04 
Money market accounts   67,528   270   0.40   74,150   295   0.40   64,593   230   0.36 
Certificates of deposit   151,281   1,743   1.15   116,704   1,133   0.97   102,082   849   0.83 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

 

Total interest-bearing deposits   265,705   2,033    238,144   1,451    213,358   1,106  
Federal Home Loan Bank

advances   48,083   1,850   3.85   54,083   2,000   3.70   51,333   2,038   3.97 
Federal funds purchased   3,167   12   0.39   2,000   –    –   –  

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

 

Total interest-bearing liabilities   316,955   3,896   1.23   294,227   3,451   1.17   264,691   3,144   1.19 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
 

Non-interest-bearing liabilities   3,937   –    3,225   –    2,975   –  
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
 

Total liabilities   320,892   3,896    297,452   3,451    267,666   3,144  
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
 

Equity   62,197   –    61,654   –    61,081   –  
    

 
     

 
     

 
 

Total liabilities and equity  $ 383,089  $ 3,883   $ 359,107  $ 3,451   $ 328,747  $ 3,144  
   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

 

Net interest income   $12,936    $12,165    $11,463  
    

 

     

 

     

 

 

Net interest rate spread(1)     3.25%     3.27%     3.36% 
Net interest-earning assets(2)  $ 58,827    $ 57,360    $ 56,279   

   

 

     

 

     

 

  

Net interest margin(3)     3.38%     3.39%     3.49% 
Average interest-earning assets to

interest-bearing liabilities     118.56%     119.50%     121.26% 
 

143



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 153/188

Table of Contents

(1) Net interest rate spread represents the difference between the yield on average interest earning assets and the cost of average
interest-bearing liabilities.

(2) Net interest earning assets represents total interest earning assets less total interest-bearing liabilities.
(3) Net interest margin represents net interest income divided by average total interest earning assets.

Rate/Volume Analysis

The following table presents the effects of changing rates and volumes on Wolverine’s net interest income for the fiscal years
indicated. The rate column shows the effects attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). The volume
column shows the effects attributable to changes in volume (changes in volume multiplied by prior rate). The net column represents the
sum of the prior columns. For purposes of this table, changes attributable to both rate and volume, which cannot be segregated, have
been allocated to the changes due to rate and the changes due to volume in proportion to the relationship of the absolute dollar amounts
of change in each.
 
   Years Ended December 31, 2016 vs. 2015   Years Ended December 31, 2015 vs. 2014  

   
Increase (Decrease)

Due to   
Total

Increase   
Increase (Decrease)

Due to   
Total

Increase  
     Volume      Rate      (Decrease)      Volume       Rate      (Decrease)   
         (In thousands)         
Interest earning assets:         
Loans   $ 1,162  $ (99)  $ 1,063  $ 780   $ 184  $ 964 
Held to maturity securities    –   2   2   2    (2)   – 
Other    (212)   350   138   74    (29)   45 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total interest earning assets    950   253   1,203   856    153   1,009 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

Interest bearing liabilities:         
Regular savings accounts    –   (1)   (1)   –    (1)   (1) 
Checking accounts    –   (2)   (2)   –    (3)   (3) 
Money market accounts    (26)   1   (25)   36    28   64 
Certificates of deposit    374   237   611   132    153   285 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total interest-bearing deposits    348   235   583   168    177   345 
Federal Home Loan Bank advances    (228)   65   (163)   106    (144)   (38) 
Federal funds purchased    –   12   12   –    –   – 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

Total interest-bearing liabilities    120   312   432   274    33   307 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
   

 

Change in net interest income   $ 830  $ (59)  $ 771  $ 582   $ 120  $ 702 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

Management of Market Risk

General. Because the majority of Wolverine’s assets and liabilities are sensitive to changes in interest rates, its most
significant form of market risk is interest rate risk. Wolverine is vulnerable to an increase in interest rates to the extent that its interest-
bearing liabilities mature or reprice more quickly than its interest-earning assets. As a result, a principal part of Wolverine’s business
strategy is to manage interest rate risk and limit the exposure of its net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Accordingly,
Wolverine’s Board of Directors has established an internal Asset/Liability Management Committee pursuant to its Interest Rate Risk
Management Policy that is responsible for evaluating the interest rate risk inherent in its assets and liabilities, for determining the level
of risk that is appropriate, given Wolverine’s business strategy, operating environment, capital, liquidity and performance objectives,
and for managing this risk consistent with the guidelines approved by the Board of Directors.

Wolverine’s interest rate sensitivity is monitored through the use of an interest rate risk model that reports Economic Value of
Equity (EVE) and Earnings-at-Risk (EaR).
 

144



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 154/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine has sought to manage its interest rate risk in order to control the exposure of its earnings and capital to changes in
interest rates. As part of Wolverine’s ongoing asset-liability management, it currently uses the following strategies to manage interest
rate risk:
 

 (i) sell the majority of Wolverine’s long-term, fixed rate one-to-four family residential mortgage loans that it originates;
 

 (ii) lengthen the weighted average maturity of Wolverine’s liabilities through retail deposit pricing strategies;
 

 (iii) invest in shorter-term investment securities, interest-earning time deposits, and overnight deposits;
 

 
(iv) originate commercial mortgage loans, including multi-family loans and land loans, commercial loans and consumer

loans, which tend to have shorter terms and higher interest rates than one-to-four family residential mortgage loans, and
that generate customer relationships that can result in larger noninterest-bearing demand deposit accounts; and

 

 (v) maintain adequate levels of capital.

Economic Value of Equity. An Economic Value of Equity (EVE) report measures an institution’s interest rate risk by
focusing on changes in its economic value of equity. EVE is an estimate of the economic net worth of an institution’s on- and off-
balance sheet assets, and provides an indication of an institution’s ability to withstand loss. Unlike book capital, however, because EVE
is a present value measure, changes in economic value caused by changes in interest rates are recognized immediately. The economic
value is determined for the base case for a set of yield curve shock scenarios. These scenarios include rate shocks -100 basis points to
+400 basis points. Wolverine’s model estimates the economic value of each type of asset, liability and off-balance-sheet contract under
the assumption of instantaneous rate increases or decreases of 100 to 300 basis points in 100 basis point increments. An increase in
interest rates from 3% to 4% would mean, for example, a 100 basis point increase in the “Change In Rates” column below.

The table below sets forth, as of December 31, 2016, the calculation of the estimated changes in Wolverine’s economic value
of equity that would result from the designated immediate changes in the yield curve.
 

At December 31, 2016  

              
EVE as a Percentage of Present

Value of Assets(3)  
Change in

Interest Rates
(basis points)(1)

  
Estimated EVE(2) 

  Estimated (Decrease) in EVE   
EVE Ratio(4)  

 Increase(Decrease)
(basis points)      Amount    Percent    

       (Dollars in thousands)        
+300   $ 60,970   $ 467    0.77%   14.40%   13 
+200    60,929    426    0.70%   14.27%   16 
+100    60,716    213    0.35%   14.11%   16 

0    60,503    –    –   13.95%   – 
-100    60,633    130    0.21%   13.86%   (9) 

 

(1) Assumes an instantaneous uniform change in interest rates at all maturities.
(2) EVE is the discounted present value of expected cash flows from assets, liabilities and off-balance sheet contracts.
(3) Present value of assets represents the discounted present value of incoming cash flows on interest earning assets.
(4) EVE Ratio represents EVE divided by the present value of assets.

The table above indicates that at December 31, 2016, in the event of a 200 basis point increase in interest rates, Wolverine
would experience a 0.70% increase in economic value of equity. In the event of a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates, Wolverine
would experience a 0.21% increase in economic value of equity.

Certain shortcomings are inherent in the methodologies used in determining interest rate risk through changes in economic
value of equity. Modeling changes in economic value of equity require making certain
 

145



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 155/188

Table of Contents

assumptions that may or may not reflect the manner in which actual yields and costs respond to changes in market interest rates. In this
regard, the economic value of equity tables presented assume that the composition of Wolverine’s interest-sensitive assets and
liabilities existing at the beginning of a period remains constant over the period being measured and assume that a particular change in
interest rates is reflected uniformly across the yield curve regardless of the duration or repricing of specific assets and liabilities.
Accordingly, although the economic value of equity tables provide an indication of Wolverine’s interest rate risk exposure at a
particular point in time, such measurements are not intended to and do not provide a precise forecast of the effect of changes in market
interest rates on its net interest income and will differ from actual results.

Earnings-at-Risk. The EaR report provides monthly projections of the Net Income and Net Interest Income over 24 months
under a set of interest rate scenarios. Depending on the repricing of the funding and investment, the net income may have significant
variations over time and over the scenarios. Therefore, this report provides valuable information in identifying any risk in future
earnings. The maximum loss in earnings compared with the base case is called the Earnings-at-Risk.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Liquidity is the ability to meet current and future financial obligations of a short-term nature. Wolverine’s primary sources of
funds consist of deposit inflows, loan sales and repayments, retail CDs and money markets with larger customers (i.e. municipalities,
colleges and universities, nonprofits, medium businesses, etc.), and maturities of securities. While maturities and scheduled
amortization of loans and securities are predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and mortgage prepayments are greatly influenced
by general interest rates, economic conditions and competition. Wolverine’s Asset/Liability Management Committee is responsible for
establishing and monitoring Wolverine’s liquidity targets and strategies in order to ensure that sufficient liquidity exists for meeting the
borrowing needs and deposit withdrawals of Wolverine’s customers as well as unanticipated contingencies. For the year ended
December 31, 2016, Wolverine’s liquidity ratio averaged 17.6% of its total assets. Wolverine believes that it has enough sources of
liquidity to satisfy its short- and long-term liquidity needs as of December 31, 2016.

Wolverine regularly monitors and adjusts investments in liquid assets based upon its assessment of: (i) expected loan demand;
(ii) expected deposit flows; (iii) yields available on interest-earning deposits and securities; and (iv) the objectives of its asset/liability
management program. Excess liquid assets are invested generally in interest-earning deposits and short- and medium-term securities.

Wolverine’s most liquid assets are cash and cash equivalents. The levels of these assets are affected by Wolverine’s operating,
financing, lending and investing activities during any given period. At December 31, 2016, cash and cash equivalents totaled
$103.6 million.

Wolverine’s cash flows are derived from operating activities, investing activities and financing activities as reported in its
Statements of Cash Flows included in its financial statements.

At December 31, 2016, Wolverine had $6.1 million in loan commitments outstanding plus $6.3 million in unused lines of
credit to borrowers and $787,000 in standby letters of credit. Depending on market conditions, Wolverine may be required to pay
higher rates on certificates of deposits or other borrowings than it currently pays on the certificates of deposit due on or before
December 31, 2017 in order to retain the deposits. Moreover, it is Wolverine’s intention as it continues to grow its commercial real
estate loan portfolio, to emphasize lower cost deposit relationships with these commercial customers and thereby replace higher cost
certificates with lower cost deposits. Wolverine has the ability to attract and retain deposits by adjusting the interest rates offered.

Wolverine’s primary investing activity is originating loans. During the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015, Wolverine
originated $105.4 million and $97.3 million of loans, respectively.

Financing activities consist primarily of activity in deposit accounts and Federal Home Loan Bank advances. Wolverine had a
net decrease in total deposits of $1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2016. Deposit flows are affected by the overall level of
interest rates, the interest rates and products offered by Wolverine and its local competitors, and by other factors.
 

146



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 156/188

Table of Contents

Liquidity management is both a daily and long-term function of business management. If Wolverine requires funds beyond its
ability to generate them internally, borrowing agreements exist with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis, which provides an
additional source of funds. Federal Home Loan Bank advances were $60.0 million at December 31, 2016 and $47.0 million
December 31, 2015. Federal Home Loan Bank advances have been used primarily to fund loan demand. At December 31, 2016,
Wolverine had the ability to borrow up to an additional $35.9 million from the Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis and had
Federal Funds purchase limits of $27.0 million with four correspondent banks, of which Wolverine had $27.0 million in Federal Funds
purchased as of December 31, 2016.

Wolverine Bank is subject to various regulatory capital requirements, including a risk-based capital measure. The risk-based
capital guidelines include both a definition of capital and a framework for calculating risk-weighted assets by assigning balance sheet
assets and off-balance sheet items to broad risk categories. At December 31, 2016, Wolverine Bank exceeded all regulatory capital
requirements. Wolverine Bank is considered “well capitalized” under regulatory guidelines.

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations

Commitments. As a financial services provider, Wolverine routinely is a party to various financial instruments with
off-balance-sheet risks, such as commitments to extend credit and unused lines of credit. While these contractual obligations represent
Wolverine’s future cash requirements, a significant portion of commitments to extend credit may expire without being drawn upon.
Such commitments are subject to the same credit policies and approval process accorded to loans Wolverine makes.

Contractual Obligations. In the ordinary course of Wolverine’s operations, it enters into certain contractual obligations. Such
obligations include data processing services, operating leases for premises and equipment, agreements with respect to borrowed funds
and deposit liabilities.

Impact of Inflation and Changing Prices

Wolverine’s financial statements and related notes have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. U.S. GAAP generally
requires the measurement of financial position and operating results in terms of historical dollars without consideration of changes in
the relative purchasing power of money over time due to inflation. The impact of inflation is reflected in the increased cost of
Wolverine’s operations. Unlike industrial companies, Wolverine’s assets and liabilities are primarily monetary in nature. As a result,
changes in market interest rates have a greater impact on performance than the effects of inflation.

Additional Information Regarding Eric P. Blackhurst

As noted under “The Merger Agreement – Management and Operations After the Merger,” Eric P. Blackhurst, a current
member of the boards of directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank, will be appointed to the Horizon and Horizon Bank boards of
directors effective upon the closing of the merger. Mr. Blackhurst is expected to meet the standards to be considered an “independent
director” of Horizon under the Listing Standards for the NASDAQ Stock Exchange, as he is not expected to be an employee of either
Horizon or Horizon Bank. Set forth below is information regarding the business background of Mr. Blackhurst, followed by
information regarding compensation earned by Mr. Blackhurst during Wolverine’s fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.

Business Background

Eric P. Blackhurst, age 56, is a member of the boards of directors of Wolverine and Wolverine Bank, positions he has held
since 2009. Mr. Blackhurst also is Assistant General Counsel, Corporate and Financial Law, of The Dow Chemical Company, a global
material science company with 2016 annual sales of $48 billion and headquartered in Midland, Michigan. Mr. Blackhurst has held his
current position with Dow since 2015; was the Assistant General Counsel, Chemicals and Energy, Performance Products and Systems
from 2009 to 2014; and has held positions of increasing importance with Dow since 1990. Mr. Blackhurst’s extensive corporate, legal
and international experience, including experience serving as legal counsel to executives at a major corporation, provides the
Wolverine board with general business acumen and critical insights into legal matters involving Wolverine and Wolverine Bank.
 

147



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 157/188

Table of Contents

Executive Compensation

The following table presents information for compensation earned by, awarded to, or paid to Mr. Blackhurst for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2016:
 

Name   

Fees Earned or
Paid in Cash

($)    
Option Awards(1)(2)

($)    
Total

($)  
Eric P. Blackhurst    28,500    14,325    42,825 
 

(1) The amount represents the aggregate grant date fair value for outstanding stock option awards granted during 2016 computed in
accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Classification Topic 718. The assumptions used to
determine the value of stock option awards are described in Note 14 of the notes to the consolidated financial statements of
Wolverine for the year ended December 31, 2016 included in this document. Amounts reported are grant date fair values
computed based upon the Black-Scholes option valuation model, which estimated the present dollar value of Wolverine’s stock
options at the time of the grant. The actual value, if any, that may be realized will depend on the excess of the stock price over the
exercise price on the date the option is exercised. Therefore, there is no assurance that the value realized by Mr. Blackhurst will be
at or near the value shown above.

(2) As of December 31, 2016, Mr. Blackhurst held 9,006 unvested stock options.

Each person who serves as a director of Wolverine also serves as a director of Wolverine Bank and earns director and
committee fees only in his or her capacity as a board or committee member of Wolverine Bank.

Each individual who serves as a director of Wolverine Bank earns an annual retainer, attendance and committee fees. For the
year ended December 31, 2016, an annual retainer of $17,500 was paid to each director. In addition, each director was paid a fee of
$750 for each board meeting attended. Additionally, for each committee meeting attended, each director was paid a fee of $1,500 if the
director served as chairperson of the committee or $750 if the director served as a member of the committee.

Transactions With Certain Related Persons

In the ordinary course of business, Wolverine Bank makes loans available to its directors, officers and employees. These
loans are made in the ordinary course of business on substantially the same terms, including interest rate and collateral, as those
prevailing at the time for comparable loans to other borrowers not related to Wolverine Bank. Management of Wolverine Bank believes
that these loans neither involve more than the normal risk of collectability nor present other unfavorable features.

The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 generally prohibits a public company from making loans to its executive officers and
directors, but it contains a specific exemption from such prohibition for loans made by a federally insured financial institution such as
Wolverine Bank to Wolverine’s executive officers and directors in compliance with federal banking regulations. As of the date of this
document, all of Wolverine Bank’s loans to directors and executive officers, including loans to Mr. Blackhurst, were made in the
ordinary course of business, were made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as those prevailing at
the time for comparable loans to persons not related to Wolverine Bank, and did not involve more than the normal risk of collectability
or present other unfavorable features.
 

148



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 158/188

Table of Contents

NON-BINDING ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION
(PROPOSAL NO. 2)

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and Rule 14a-21(c) promulgated thereunder, Wolverine is required to submit
a proposal to its stockholders for a non-binding advisory vote to approve the payment of certain compensation to the named executive
officers of Wolverine that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger. This proposal gives Wolverine stockholders the opportunity to
express their views on the compensation that Wolverine’s named executive officers may be entitled to receive that is based on or
otherwise relates to the merger.

The compensation that Wolverine’s named executive officers may be entitled to receive that is based on or otherwise relates
to the merger is summarized in “Interests of Certain Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger,” beginning on page 80. This
summary and the related table include all compensation and benefits that may be paid or provided in connection with the completion of
the merger.

Therefore, Wolverine is requesting the approval of Wolverine’s stockholders, on a non-binding advisory basis, of the
compensation of the named executive officers of Wolverine based on or related to the merger and the agreements and understandings
concerning such compensation. As required by Rule 14a-21(c) of the Exchange Act, Wolverine is asking its stockholders to adopt the
following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the compensation to be paid or become payable to the named executive officers of Wolverine Bancorp,
Inc. that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger of Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. with and into Horizon Bancorp, and the
agreements and understandings concerning such compensation, as disclosed in the section captioned “Interests of Certain
Directors and Officers of Wolverine in the Merger” beginning on page 80 and the related table and narratives pursuant to
Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K and the associated narrative discussion, are hereby APPROVED.”

The vote on this Proposal 2 is a vote separate and apart from the vote on Proposal 1 to approve and adopt the Merger
Agreement. Accordingly, you may vote to approve this Merger-Related Compensation Proposal and vote not to approve Proposal 1 on
the Merger Agreement and vice versa. Because the proposal is advisory in nature only, a vote for or against approval will not be
binding on either Wolverine or Horizon regardless of whether the merger is approved. Accordingly, as the compensation to be paid to
the named executive officers of Wolverine based on or related to the merger is contractual with the executives, regardless of the
outcome of this vote, such compensation will be payable, subject only to the conditions applicable thereto, if the merger is completed.
This proposal includes compensation that would be paid or provided by Wolverine if paid or provided prior to or upon the closing of
the merger, and which would be paid or provided by Horizon if paid or provided following closing of the merger. If the merger is not
completed, Wolverine’s board of directors will consider the results of the vote in making future executive compensation decisions.

For the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal to be approved, more votes must be cast by Wolverine’s stockholders in favor
of the proposal than are cast against it. Abstentions and broker non-votes will not be included in the vote count and will have no effect
on the outcome of the proposal.

Wolverine’s board of directors unanimously recommends that stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the
non-binding advisory resolution approving the merger-related compensation of Wolverine’s named executive officers, and the
agreements or understandings concerning such compensation.
 

149



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 159/188

Table of Contents

ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING
(PROPOSAL NO. 3)

In addition to the proposal to approve the Merger Agreement, the stockholders of Wolverine also are being asked to approve a
proposal to adjourn or postpone the Special Meeting to permit further solicitation of proxies in the event that an insufficient number of
shares is present in person or by proxy to approve the Merger Agreement.

A majority of the outstanding shares of Wolverine common stock is required to be represented at the Special Meeting, in
person or by proxy, for a quorum to be present. In the event that stockholder participation at the Special Meeting is lower than
expected, Wolverine would like the flexibility to postpone or adjourn the meeting in order to attempt to secure broader shareholder
participation. If Wolverine desires to adjourn the Special Meeting, Wolverine will request a motion that the Special Meeting be
adjourned, and delay the vote on the Merger Agreement proposal described herein until the Special Meeting is reconvened. If
Wolverine adjourns the Special Meeting for 30 days or less, Wolverine will not set a new record date and will announce prior to
adjournment the date, time, and location at which the Special Meeting will be reconvened. No other notice will be provided. Unless
revoked prior to its use, any proxy solicited for the Special Meeting will continue to be valid for any adjourned or postponed Special
Meeting, and will be voted in accordance with the shareholder’s instructions and, if no contrary instructions are given, for the Merger
Agreement proposal.

Any adjournment will permit Wolverine to solicit additional proxies and will permit a greater expression of the views of
Wolverine’s stockholders with respect to the merger. Such an adjournment would be disadvantageous to stockholders who are against
the proposal to approve the Merger Agreement because an adjournment will give Wolverine additional time to solicit favorable votes
and increase the chances of approving that proposal. Wolverine has no reason to believe that an adjournment of the Special Meeting
will be necessary at this time.

Wolverine’s board of directors recommends that shareholders vote “FOR” the proposal to adjourn or postpone the
Special Meeting, if necessary.

INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM AND EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements of Horizon incorporated by reference from Horizon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the three years ended December 31, 2016, have been audited by BKD LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth
in their report thereon incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus in reliance upon such report given on the
authority of BKD LLP as experts in accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements of Wolverine as of and for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015 included
in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus is a part have been
audited by BKD LLP, independent registered public accounting firm, as set forth in their report thereon in reliance upon such report
given on the authority of BKD LLP as experts in accounting and auditing.

LEGAL MATTERS

Certain matters pertaining to the validity of the authorization and issuance of the Horizon common stock to be issued in the
proposed merger and certain matters pertaining to the federal income tax consequences of the proposed merger will be passed upon for
Horizon by Barnes & Thornburg LLP, Indianapolis, Indiana. Certain matters pertaining to the federal income tax consequences of the
proposed merger will be passed upon for Wolverine by Luse Gorman, PC, Washington, D.C.

STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS FOR NEXT YEAR

Horizon

If the merger is completed, the Wolverine stockholders receiving the stock consideration in the merger will become
stockholders of Horizon. To be included in Horizon’s proxy statement and voted on at Horizon’s
 

150



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 160/188

Table of Contents

regularly scheduled 2018 annual meeting of stockholders, stockholder proposals must be submitted in writing by November 17, 2017,
to Horizon’s Secretary, 515 Franklin Square, Michigan City, Indiana 46360, which date is 120 calendar days before the anniversary
date of the release of the proxy statement relating to Horizon’s 2017 Annual Meeting. If notice of any other stockholder proposal
intended to be presented at the 2018 annual meeting is not received by Horizon on or before November 17, 2017, the proxy solicited by
the Horizon board of directors for use in connection with that meeting may confer authority on the proxies to vote in their discretion on
such proposal, without any discussion in the Horizon proxy statement for that meeting of either the proposal or how such proxies
intend to exercise their voting discretion. Any such proposals will be subject to the requirements of the proxy rules and regulations
adopted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. If the date of the 2018 annual meeting is changed, the dates set forth
above may change.

Horizon’s Bylaws also provide that a stockholder wishing to nominate a candidate for election as a director or to have any
other matter considered by the stockholders at the annual meeting must give Horizon written notice of the nomination not fewer than
120 days in advance of the date that Horizon’s proxy statement was released to stockholders in connection with the previous year’s
annual meeting, which nomination or proposal date for the 2018 annual meeting is November 17, 2017. Stockholder nominations must
include the detailed information about the nominee required by the Bylaws and also must comply with the other requirements set forth
in the Bylaws. Proposals to bring other matters before the stockholders must include a brief description of the proposal and the other
information required by the Bylaws. Copies of the Bylaws are available to stockholders free of charge upon request to Horizon’s
Secretary.

Wolverine

If the merger occurs, there will be no Wolverine annual meeting of stockholders for 2018 or thereafter. In that case,
stockholder proposals must be submitted to Horizon in accordance with the procedures described above. If the merger is not
completed, Wolverine will provide notice of the record date and annual meeting date for its 2018 annual stockholders’ meeting.

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Horizon and Wolverine file annual, quarterly, and current reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. You
may read and copy any reports, statements, or other information that Horizon and Wolverine file at the SEC’s public reference room at
100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the operation of the
public reference room. Horizon’s and Wolverine’s public filings also are available to the public from commercial document retrieval
services and on the World Wide Web site maintained by the SEC at “http://www.sec.gov.” Shares of Horizon common stock are listed
on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “HBNC,” and shares of Wolverine common stock are listed on the NASDAQ
Capital Market under the symbol “WBKC.”

Horizon has filed with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, with
respect to the common stock of Horizon being offered in the merger. This proxy statement/prospectus, which constitutes part of the
registration statement, does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement. Parts of the registration statement
are omitted from the proxy statement/prospectus in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. For further information, your
attention is directed to the registration statement. Statements made in this proxy statement/prospectus concerning the contents of any
documents are not necessarily complete, and in each case are qualified in all respects by reference to the copy of the document filed
with the SEC.

The SEC allows Horizon to “incorporate by reference” the information filed by Horizon with the SEC, which means that
Horizon can disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is
an important part of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Horizon incorporates by reference the following documents and information that it has filed previously with the SEC
(excluding any Form 8-K reports that have not been “filed” but instead have been “furnished” to the SEC):
 

 •  Horizon’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016;
 

151



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 161/188

Table of Contents

 •  Horizon’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarters ended March 31 and June 30, 2017;
 

 
•  Horizon’s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 6, March 27, May 4, May 5, May 24, May 26, June 13,

June 14, June 26, July 19, and August 16, 2017;
 

 
•  The information concerning share ownership of principal shareholders, directors, and executive officers of Horizon

under the caption “Common Share Ownership of Management and Certain Beneficial Owners” in Horizon’s Proxy
Statement for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders; and

 

 
•  The description of Horizon’s common stock under the caption “Description of Common Stock” in the Registration

Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on January 14, 2015, including any amendment or report filed for the purpose
of updating that description.

Horizon is also incorporating by reference additional documents that it files with the SEC pursuant to Sections 13(a), 13(c),
14, or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date hereof and the date of Wolverine’s Special Meeting. Any statement contained in a
document that is incorporated by reference will be deemed to be modified or superseded for all purposes to the extent that a statement
contained in this document (or in any other document that is subsequently filed with the SEC and incorporated by reference) modifies
or is contrary to that previous statement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless specifically stated to the contrary, none of the
information Horizon discloses under Items 2.02 or 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K that Horizon may from time to time
furnish to the SEC will be incorporated by reference into, or otherwise included in, this proxy statement/prospectus.

These documents may be obtained as explained above, or you may request a free copy of any or all of these documents,
including exhibits that are specifically incorporated by reference into these documents, by writing to or calling Horizon at the
following address or telephone number or via the Internet at:

Horizon Bancorp
515 Franklin Square

Michigan City, Indiana 46360
Attn: Shareholder Relations

(219) 879-0211
Website: www.horizonbank.com

You should rely only on the information contained in this document or to which we have referred you. We have not
authorized anyone to provide you with information that is inconsistent with information contained in this document or any
document incorporated by reference. This proxy statement/prospectus is not an offer to sell these securities in any state where
the offer and sale of these securities is not permitted. The information in this proxy statement/prospectus is current as of the
date it is mailed to security holders, and not necessarily as of any later date. If any material change occurs during the period
that this proxy statement/prospectus is required to be delivered, this proxy statement/prospectus will be supplemented or
amended.

All information regarding Horizon in this proxy statement/prospectus has been provided by Horizon, and all information
regarding Wolverine in this proxy statement/prospectus has been provided by Wolverine.
 

152



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 162/188

Table of Contents

WOLVERINE BANCORP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

 

   Page  
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of June  30, 2017 (unaudited) and December 31, 2016    F-2 
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the three and six months ended June 30, 2017

and 2016 (unaudited)    F-3 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 (unaudited)    F-4 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Change in Stockholders’ Equity for the six months ended June 30, 2017 (unaudited)    F-5 
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited)    F-6 
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm    F-32 
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2016 and 2015    F-33 
Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015    F-34 
Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders’ Equity for the years ended December 31, 2016 and 2015    F-35 
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December  31, 2016 and 2015    F-36 
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements    F-37 
 

F-1



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 163/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share data)
 
   June 30, 2017  December 31, 2016 
   (unaudited)     
Assets    

Cash and due from banks   $ 395  $ 318 
Interest-earning demand deposits    61,753   103,316 

    
 

   
 

Cash and cash equivalents    62,148   103,634 
Investment securities held to maturity    –   499 
Loans held for sale    –   238 
Loans, net of allowance for loan losses of $7,288 and $9,326    314,432   320,606 
Premises and equipment, net    1,051   1,127 
Federal Home Loan Bank stock    2,700   2,700 
Other real estate owned    198   86 
Accrued interest receivable    865   846 
Other assets    4,495   4,699 

    
 

   
 

Total assets   $ 385,889  $ 434,435 
    

 

   

 

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity Liabilities    
Deposits   $ 262,673  $ 280,548 
Federal Home Loan Bank advances    42,000   60,000 
Federal funds purchased    12,000   27,000 
Interest payable and other liabilities    7,003   5,913 

    
 

   
 

Total liabilities    323,676   373,461 
    

 
   

 

Commitments and Contingencies Stockholders’ Equity    
Common Stock, $0.01 par value per share:    
Authorized – 100,000,000 shares    
Issued and outstanding – 2,105,981 and 2,106,153 at June 30, 2017 and

December 31, 2016, respectively    21   21 
Unearned employee stock ownership plan (ESOP)    (1,164)   (1,215) 
Additional paid-in capital    15,842   15,577 
Retained earnings    47,514   46,591 

    
 

   
 

Total stockholders’ equity    62,213   60,974 
    

 
   

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 385,889  $ 434,435 
    

 

   

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
 

F-2



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 164/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share data)
 

   
Three Months Ended

June 30,   
Six Months Ended

June 30,  
       2017          2016      2017   2016  
   (Unaudited)   (Unaudited)  
Interest and Dividend Income      

Loans   $ 4,210  $ 4,069  $ 8,216  $8,001 
Investment securities and other    126   100   262   229 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total interest and dividend income    4,336   4,169   8,478   8,230 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Interest Expense      
Deposits    548   508   1,103   1,016 
Borrowings    391   465   826   924 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total interest expense    939   973   1,929   1,940 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net Interest Income    3,397   3,196   6,549   6,290 
Credit for Loan Losses    (1,450)   (200)   (2,050)   (200) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net Interest Income After Provision for Loan Losses    4,847   3,396   8,599   6,490 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Noninterest Income      
Service charges and fees    60   59   129   139 
Net gain on loan sales    51   112   83   208 
Net gain on sale of real estate owned    –   10   1   37 
Other    186   97   254   177 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total noninterest income    297   278   467   561 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Noninterest Expense      
Salaries and employee benefits    1,426   1,165   2,500   2,255 
Net occupancy and equipment expense    194   196   385   403 
Information technology expense    59   59   116   121 
Federal deposit insurance corporation premiums (recovery)    (24)   55   6   109 
Professional and services fees    826   129   1,024   223 
Other real estate owned expense (recovery)    1   9   (2)   33 
Loan legal expense    64   (11)   80   70 
Advertising expense    27   33   58   54 
Michigan business tax    45   45   90   90 
Other    318   223   565   432 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total noninterest expense    2,936   1,903   4,822   3,790 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income Before Income Tax    2,208   1,771   4,244   3,261 
Provision for Income Taxes    932   587   1,636   1,110 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net Income and Comprehensive Income   $ 1,276  $ 1,184  $ 2,608  $2,151 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Earnings Per Share:      
Basic   $ 0.65  $ 0.59  $ 1.32  $ 1.07 

    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Diluted   $ 0.63  $ 0.58  $ 1.28  $ 1.05 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
 

F-3



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 165/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

(Unaudited)
(Amounts in Thousands, except per share data)

 

   
Six months ended

June 30,  
   2017   2016  
   (Unaudited)  
Operating Activities   

Net income   $ 2,608  $ 2,151 
Items not requiring (providing) cash    

Depreciation    102   114 
Credit for loan losses    (2,050)   (200) 
Gain on other real estate owned    (1)   (37) 
Loans originated for sale    (3,551)   (6,826) 
Proceeds from loans sold    3,871   6,758 
Net gain on sale of loans    (83)   (208) 
Share based compensation    154   173 
Earned ESOP shares    168   131 

Changes in    
Interest receivable and other assets    162   (263) 
Interest payable and other liabilities    2,468   355 

    
 

   
 

Net cash provided by operating activities    3,848   2,148 
    

 
   

 

Investing Activities    
Net change in interest-bearing time deposits    –   22,850 
Purchase of held to maturity securities    –   (498) 
Proceeds from calls, maturities and pay-downs of held to maturity securities    500   500 
Net change in loans    8,224   (17,210) 
Proceeds from sale of real estate owned    79   119 
Purchase of premises and equipment    (26)   (35) 

    
 

   
 

Net cash provided by investing activities    8,777   5,726 
    

 
   

 

Financing Activities    
Net change in demand deposits, money market, checking and savings accounts    (16,775)   (11,567) 
Net change in certificates of deposit    (1,100)   (5,633) 
Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances    (18,000)   – 
Net change in Fed funds purchased    (15,000)   (24,000) 
Proceeds from stock options exercised    –   27 
Purchase of common stock    (6)   (268) 
Dividends paid    (3,229)   – 

    
 

   
 

Net cash used in financing activities    (54,110)   (41,441) 
    

 
   

 

Change in Cash and Cash Equivalents    (41,485)   (33,567) 
Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period    103,634   52,865 

    
 

   
 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period   $ 62,148  $ 19,298 
    

 

   

 

Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flows Information    
Interest paid   $ 1,906  $ 1,876 
Income taxes paid    875   600 
Loans transferred to real estate owned    190   192 
Dividends declared, not paid    1,685   – 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
 

F-4



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 166/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Change in Stockholders’ Equity

(Unaudited)
(Amounts in Thousands, except per share data)

 

  Common Stock  
Additional Paid-in

Capital   
Unearned

ESOP Shares  
Retained
Earnings   

Total
Stockholders’

Equity  
Balances at January 1, 2017  $ 21  $ 15,577  $ (1,215)  $46,591  $ 60,974 
Net income   –   –   –   2,608   2,608 
Purchase of 172 shares of common stock   –   (6)   –   –   (6) 
Share based compensation expense   –   154   –   –   154 
ESOP shares earned   –   117   51   –   168 
Dividends ($.80 per share)   –   –   –   (1,685)   (1,685) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balances at June 30, 2017  $ 21  $ 15,842  $ (1,164)  $47,514  $ 62,213 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements.
 

F-5



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 167/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Note 1: Basis of Presentation

The unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Wolverine Bancorp, Inc. (the “Company”), the holding
company of Wolverine Bank (the “Bank”), have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the
United States of America (“GAAP”) for interim financial information and the instructions to Form 10-Q and Rule 10-01 of Regulation
S-X. Accordingly, they do not include all of the information and footnotes required by GAAP for complete financial statements. In the
opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring adjustments) believed necessary for a fair presentation have
been included. The condensed consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2016 has been derived from the audited
consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of that date. Operating results for the three and six month periods ended June 30, 2017
are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected for the year ending December 31, 2017 or for any other period. These
consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited financial statements and notes thereto filed as part of
our Annual Report on Form 10-K as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 31, 2017.
 

Note 2: Accounting Developments

FASB Accounting Standards Update No. 2017-09, Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Scope Modification

The Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued Accounting Standards Update (ASU) No. 2017-09, Compensation
– Stock Compensation (Topic 718), Scope of Modification Accounting. These amendments provide guidance on determining which
changes to the terms and conditions of share-based payment awards require an entity to apply modification accounting under Topic
718. The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning after
December 15, 2017. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. The amendments should be applied on a
prospective basis to an award modified on or after the adoption date. The Company is assessing the impact of ASU 2017-09 and does
not expect it to have a material impact on its accounting and disclosures.

FASB ASU No. 2017-08, Receivable – Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs (Subtopic 310-20)

The FASB issued ASU No. 2017-08, Receivables – Nonrefundable Fees and Other Costs (Subtopic 310-20): Premium
Amortization on Purchased Callable Debt Securities. The guidance provides amendments to shorten the amortization period for certain
callable debt securities held at a premium. Specifically, the amendments require the premium to be amortized to the earliest call date.
These amendments do not require an accounting change for securities held at a discount; the discount continues to be amortized to
maturity.

The guidance is effective for public business entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts in an interim
period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. The amendments
should be applied on a modified retrospective basis, with a cumulative-effect adjustment directly to retained earnings as of the
beginning of the period of adoption. Adoption of the ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company’s consolidated
financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350)

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2017-04, Intangibles – Goodwill and Other (Topic 350): Simplifying the Test for Goodwill
Impairment. The new guidance is intended to simplify the subsequent measurement of goodwill by eliminating Step 2 from the
goodwill impairment test.
 

F-6



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 168/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The annual, or interim, goodwill impairment test is performed by comparing the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying
amount. An impairment charge should be recognized for the amount by which the carrying amount exceeds the reporting unit’s fair
value; however, the loss recognized should not exceed the total amount of goodwill allocated to that reporting unit.

In addition, the income tax effects of tax deductible goodwill on the carrying amount of the reporting unit should be
considered when measuring the goodwill impairment loss, if applicable. The amendments also eliminate the requirements for any
reporting unit with a zero or negative carrying amount to perform Step 2 of the goodwill impairment test. An entity still has the option
to perform the qualitative assessment for a reporting unit to determine if the qualitative impairment test is necessary. The amendments
should be applied on a prospective basis. The nature of and reason for the change in accounting principle should be disclosed upon
transition.

The amendments in this update should be adopted for annual or any interim goodwill impairment tests in fiscal years
beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted on testing dates after January 1, 2017. The Company does not expect
adoption of this ASU to have a material impact on its consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805)

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2017-01, Business Combinations (Topic 805): Clarifying the Definition of a Business. The
amendments in this update provide a more robust framework to use in determining when a set of assets and activities is a business.
Because the current definition of a business is interpreted broadly and can be difficult to apply, stakeholders indicated that analyzing
transactions is inefficient and costly and that the definition does not permit the use of reasonable judgment. The amendments provide
more consistency in applying the guidance, reduce the costs of application, and make the definition of a business more operable.

The amendments in this update become effective for annual periods and interim periods within those annual periods
beginning after December 15, 2017. We are currently evaluating the impact of adopting the new guidance on the consolidated financial
statements, but it is not expected to have a material impact.

FASB ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230): Classification of Certain Cash Receipts and Cash Payments (a
consensus of the Emerging Issues Task Force)

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-15, Statement of Cash Flows (Topic 230). This update addresses eight specific cash flow
issues with the objective of reducing the existing diversity in practice of how certain cash receipts and cash payments are presented and
classified in the statement of cash flow. In November 2016, the FASB issued ASU No. 2016-18, which gave clarification on how
restricted cash was to be presented in the cash flow statement.

The amendments are effective for public business entities for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, and interim
periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15,
2018, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019. Early adoption is permitted, including adoption in an
interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be reflected as of the beginning
of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. An entity that elects early adoption must adopt all of the amendments in the same
period. Adoption of the ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial
Instruments

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-13, Financial Instruments – Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses
on Financial Instruments. The main objective of this amendment is to provide
 

F-7



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 169/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

financial statement users with more decision-useful information about the expected credit losses on financial instruments and other
commitments to extend credit held by a reporting entity at each reporting date.

The ASU requires the measurement of all expected credit losses for financial assets held at the reporting date based on
historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Financial institutions and other organizations will
now use forward-looking information to better inform their credit loss estimates.

Many of the loss estimation techniques applied today will still be permitted, although the inputs to those techniques will
change to reflect the full amount of expected credit losses. Organizations will continue to use judgment to determine which loss
estimation method is appropriate for their circumstances.

The ASU requires enhanced disclosures to help investors and other financial statement users better understand significant
estimates and judgments used in estimating credit losses, as well as the credit quality and underwriting standards of an organization’s
portfolio. These disclosures include qualitative and quantitative requirements that provide additional information about the amounts
recorded in the financial statements.

In addition, the ASU amends the accounting for credit losses on available-for-sale debt securities and purchased financial
assets with credit deterioration.

For public business entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) filers, the amendments in this Update
are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other
public business entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020, including
interim periods within those fiscal years. For all other entities, the amendments in this Update are effective for fiscal years beginning
after December 15, 2020, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021. All entities may adopt the
amendments in this Update earlier as of the fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018, including interim periods within those
fiscal years. The Company will be evaluating the impact of adopting this ASU and has not determined the anticipated impact on the
consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718)

The FASB issued ASU No. 2016-09, Compensation – Stock Compensation (Topic 718): Improvements to Employee Share-
Based Payment Accounting.

The ASU is intended to improve the accounting for employee shared-base payments and affects all organizations that issue
share-based payment awards to their employees. Several aspects of the accounting for share-based payment award transactions are
simplified, including the income tax consequences, the classification of awards as either equity or liabilities, and the classification on
the statement of cash flows.

For public business entities, the amendments became effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2016, and
interim periods within those annual periods. For all other entities, the amendments are effective for annual periods beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within annual periods beginning after December 15, 2018. Early adoption is permitted for any
entity in any interim or annual period. The amendments in this update became effective for the Company on January 1, 2017 and did
not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-08, 2016-10, 2016-12, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606)

In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers,” which requires an entity to
recognize the amount of revenue to which it expects to be entitled for the transfer of promised goods or services to customers. The
ASU will replace most existing revenue recognition guidance in U.S. GAAP when it becomes effective. In March 2016, the FASB
issued ASU 2016-08, “Principal versus Agent Considerations (Reporting Revenue Gross versus Net),” which clarifies the guidance in
determining revenue
 

F-8



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 170/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

recognition as principal versus agent. In April 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-10, “Identifying Performance Obligations and
Licensing,” which provides guidance in accounting for immaterial performance obligations and shipping and handling. In May 2016,
the FASB issued ASU 2016-12, “Narrow-Scope Improvements and Practical Expedients,” which provides clarification on assessing
the collectability criterion, presentation of sales taxes, measurement date for noncash consideration and completed contracts at
transition. This ASU also provides a practical expedient for contract modifications.

For public business entities, the amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2017,
including interim reporting periods with that reporting period, as deferred by ASU 2015-14. Early application is permitted as of annual
reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within the reporting period.

All other entities should apply the guidance to annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2018, and interim
reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2019. Early application is permitted for all other
entities as of annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, including interim reporting periods within annual reporting
periods beginning one year after the annual reporting period in which the entity first applies the guidance in Update 2014-09. Adoption
of the ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-07, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures (Topic 323)

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-07, Investments – Equity Method and Joint Ventures: Simplifying the Transition
to the Equity Method of Accounting. The amendments eliminate the requirement that when an investment qualifies for use of the equity
method as a result of an increase in the level of ownership interest or degree of influence, an investor must adjust the investment,
results of operations, and retained earnings retroactively on a step-by-step basis as if the equity method had been in effect during all
previous periods that the investment had been held.

The amendments require that the equity method investor add the cost of acquiring the additional interest in the investee to the
current basis of the investor’s previously held interest and adopt the equity method of accounting as of the date the investment becomes
qualified for equity method accounting. Therefore, upon qualifying for the equity method of accounting, no retroactive adjustment of
the investment is required.

The amendments require that an entity that has an available-for-sale equity security that becomes qualified for the equity
method of accounting recognize through earnings the unrealized holding gain or loss in accumulated other comprehensive income at
the date the investment becomes qualified for use of the equity method.

The amendments became effective for all entities for fiscal years, and interim periods within those fiscal years, beginning
after December 15, 2016. The amendments were applied prospectively upon their effective date to increases in the level of ownership
interest or degree of influence that result in the adoption of the equity method. Adoption of the ASU did not have a significant effect on
the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-06, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Contingent Put and Call Options in Debt Instruments

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-05, Derivatives and Hedging (Topic 815): Effect of Derivative Contract Novations and
Existing Hedge Accounting Relationships. The amendments apply to all reporting entities for which there is a change in the
counterparty to a derivative instrument that has been designated as a hedging instrument.

The amendments clarify what steps are required when assessing whether the economic characteristics and risks of call (put)
options are clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics and risks of their
 

F-9



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 171/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

debt hosts, which is one of the criteria for bifurcating an embedded derivative. Consequently, when a call (put) option is contingently
exercisable, an entity does not have to assess whether the event that triggers the ability to exercise a call (put) option is related to
interest rates or credit risks.

This standard became effective for public business entities for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2016 including
interim periods within those fiscal years. Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2017, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2018. Early application is permitted,
including adoption in an interim period. If an entity early adopts the amendments in an interim period, any adjustments should be
reflected as of the beginning of the fiscal year that includes that interim period. Adoption of the ASU did not have a significant effect
on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

FASB ASU No. 2016-02 – Leases (Topic 842)

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-02, Leases. Under the new guidance, lessees will be required to recognize the following
for all leases (with the exception of short-term leases) at the commencement date:
 

 
•  A lease liability, which is a lessee’s obligation to make lease payments arising from a lease, measured on a discounted

basis; and
 

 
•  A right-of-use asset, which is an asset that represents the lessee’s right to use, or control the use of, a specified asset for

the lease term.

Under the new guidance, lessor accounting is largely unchanged. Certain targeted improvements were made to align, where
necessary, lessor accounting with the lessee accounting model and Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers.

The new lease guidance simplified the accounting for sale and leaseback transactions primarily because lessees must
recognize lease assets and lease liabilities. Lessees will no longer be provided with a source of off-balance sheet financing.

This standard will be effective for public business entities for fiscal year beginning after December 15, 2018 including interim
periods within those fiscal years. Nonpublic business entities should apply the amendments for fiscal years beginning after
December 15, 2019 and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2020.

Early application is permitted for all business entities upon issuance.

Lessees (for capital and operating leases) and lessors (for sales-type, direct financing and operating leases) must apply a
modified retrospective transition approach for leases existing at, or entered into after, the beginning of the earliest comparative period
presented in the financial statements.

The modified retrospective approach would not require any transition accounting for leases that expired before the earliest
comparative period presented. Lessees and lessors may not apply a full retrospective transition approach.

Adoption of the ASU is not expected to have a significant effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

FASB Accounting Standards Updates No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments – Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and
Measurement of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities

The FASB has issued ASU No. 2016-01, Financial Instruments – Overall (Subtopic 825-10): Recognition and Measurement
of Financial Assets and Financial Liabilities. The new guidance is intended to improve the recognition and measurement of financial
instruments. The ASU affects public and private companies, not-for-profit organizations, and employee benefit plans that hold financial
assets or owe financial liabilities.
 

F-10



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 172/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The new guidance makes targeted improvements to existing U.S. GAAP by:
 

 
•  Requiring equity investments (except those accounted for under the equity method of accounting, or those that result in

consolidation of the investee) to be measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income;
 

 
•  Requiring public business entities to use the exit price notion when measuring the fair value of financial instruments for

disclosure purposes;
 

 
•  Requiring separate presentation of financial assets and financial liabilities by measurement category and form of

financial asset (i.e., securities or loans and receivables) on the balance sheet or the accompanying notes to the financial
statements;

 

 
•  Eliminating the requirement to disclose the fair value of financial instruments measured at amortized cost for

organizations that are not public business entities;
 

 
•  Eliminating the requirement for public business entities to disclose the method(s) and significant assumptions used to

estimate the fair value that is required to be disclosed for financial instruments measured at amortized cost on the
balance sheet; and

 

 

•  Requiring a reporting organization to present separately in other comprehensive income the portion of the total change in
the fair value of a liability resulting from a change in the instrument-specific credit risk (also referred to as “own credit”)
when the organization has elected to measure the liability at fair value in accordance with the fair value option for
financial instruments.

The new guidance is effective for public companies for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2017, including interim
periods within those fiscal years. The new guidance permits early adoption of the own credit provision. In addition, the new guidance
permits early adoption of the provision that exempts private companies and not-for-profit organizations from having to disclose fair
value information about financial instruments measured at amortized cost. Adoption of the ASU is not expected to have a significant
effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.
 

Note 3: Securities

There were no held to maturity securities as of June 30, 2017.

The amortized cost and approximate fair values of securities are as follows:
 

   
Amortized

Cost    

Gross
Unrealized

Gains    

Gross
Unrealized

Losses    Fair Value 
Held to Maturity Securities:         

June 30, 2017         
Treasury bond   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ – 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

December 31, 2016         
Treasury bond   $ 499   $ 1   $ –   $ 500 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

There were no sales of securities during the six months ended June 30, 2017 and 2016.
 

F-11



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 173/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Note 4: Loans and Allowance for Loan Losses

Categories of loans include:
 
   June 30, 2017   December 31, 2016 
Real Estate     

One-to four-family   $ 32,185   $ 35,389 
Home equity    3,567    4,031 

Commercial mortgage loans     
Commercial real estate    202,513    195,924 
Multifamily    52,896    54,827 
Land    11,075    11,547 

Construction    10,417    13,475 
Commercial non-mortgage    14,850    20,047 
Consumer    1,044    1,074 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    328,547    336,314 
Less     

Net deferred loan costs, premiums and discounts    540    563 
Undisbursed portion of loan    6,287    5,819 
Allowance for loan losses    7,288    9,326 

    
 

    
 

Net Loans   $ 314,432   $ 320,606 
    

 

    

 

The risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment are as follows:

1-4 family, home equity, and consumer

With respect to residential loans that are secured by one-to four-family residences and are primarily owner-occupied, we
generally establish a maximum loan-to-value ratio and require Private Mortgage Insurance (“PMI”) if that ratio is exceeded. Home
equity loans are typically secured by a subordinate interest in one-to four-family residences, and consumer loans are typically secured
by consumer assets such as automobiles or recreational vehicles. Some consumer loans are unsecured such as small installment loans.
Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers, which can be impacted by economic
conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels. Repayment can also be impacted by changes in property values on
residential properties.

Home equity loans secured by second mortgages have greater risk than one- to four-family residential mortgage loans secured
by first mortgages. We face the risk that the collateral will be insufficient to compensate us for loan losses and costs of foreclosure.
When customers default on their loans, we attempt to foreclose on the property and resell the property as soon as possible to minimize
foreclosure and carrying costs. However, the value of the collateral may not be sufficient to compensate us for the amount of the unpaid
loan and we may be unsuccessful in recovering the remaining balance from those customers.

Particularly with respect to our home equity loans, decreases in real estate values could adversely affect the value of property
used as collateral for our loans.

Consumer and other loans generally have greater risk compared to longer-term loans secured by improved, owner-occupied
real estate, particularly consumer loans that are secured by rapidly depreciable assets, such as automobiles. In these cases, any
repossessed collateral for a defaulted loan may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. As a
result, consumer loan collections are dependent on the borrower’s continuing financial stability and thus are more likely to be adversely
affected by job loss, divorce, illness or personal bankruptcy.
 

F-12



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 174/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Commercial real estate and multifamily

Commercial real estate and multifamily loans generally have greater credit risk than the owner-occupied one- to four-family
residential mortgage loans that we originate for retention in our loan portfolio. Repayment of these loans generally depends, in large
part, on sufficient income from the property securing the loan or the borrower’s business to cover operating expenses and debt service.
These types of loans typically involve larger loan balances to single borrowers or groups of related borrowers compared to one- to four-
family residential mortgage loans. Changes in economic conditions that are beyond the control of the borrower may affect the value of
the security for the loan, the future cash flow of the affected property or business, or the marketability of a construction project with
respect to loans originated for the acquisition and development of property. Additionally, due to declining property values in our
primary market area and in Michigan, the loan to value ratios of many of our commercial real estate and multifamily loans have
increased significantly from the loan to value ratios that were assigned to these loans at the time of origination.

Land

Land loans generally have greater credit risk than the owner-occupied one-to four-family residential mortgage loans that we
originate for retention in our portfolio. Repayment of these loans generally depends, in large part, on the sale of the land. The sale of
land can either take place when the land is undeveloped or developed. Generally, other cash flow sources of the borrower are utilized to
make additional payments on land loans. Changes in economic conditions that are beyond the control of the borrower may affect the
value of the security for the loan, the future cash flow of the affected property or business, or the marketability of a construction project
with respect to loans originated for the acquisition and development of property. Additionally, due to declining property values in our
primary market area and in Michigan, the loan to value ratios of many of our land loans have increased significantly from the loan to
value ratios that were assigned to these loans at the time of origination.

Construction

Construction loans include those for one- to four-family residential properties and commercial properties, including
multifamily loans and commercial “mixed-use” buildings and homes built by developers on speculation. With respect to construction
loans for one- to four-family residential properties and which are primarily owner-occupied, we generally establish a maximum loan-
to-value ratio and require PMI if that ratio is exceeded. These are generally “interest-only” loans during the construction period which
typically does not exceed nine months.

Construction loans for commercial real estate are made in accordance with a schedule reflecting the cost of construction, and
are generally limited to a 75% loan-to-completed appraised value ratio. For all construction loans, we generally require that a
commitment for permanent financing be in place prior to closing the construction loan

Repayment of one-to four-family residential property loans is primarily dependent on the personal income of the borrowers,
which can be impacted by economic conditions in their market areas such as unemployment levels. Repayment of commercial property
loans and homes built by developers on speculation is normally expected from the property’s eventual rental income, income from the
borrower’s operations, the personal resources of the guarantor, or the sale of the subject property. Generally, before making a
commitment to fund a construction loan, we require an appraisal of the property by a state-certified or state-licensed appraiser. We
generally review and inspect properties before disbursement of funds during the term of the construction loan.

Construction financing generally involves greater credit risk than long-term financing on improved, owner-occupied real
estate. Risk of loss on a construction loan depends largely upon the accuracy of the initial
 

F-13



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 175/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

estimate of the value of the property at completion of construction compared to the estimated cost (including interest) of construction
and other assumptions. If the estimate of construction cost is inaccurate, we may be required to advance additional funds beyond the
amount originally committed in order to protect the value of the property. Moreover, if the estimated value of the completed project is
inaccurate, the borrower may hold a property with a value that is insufficient to assure full repayment of the construction loan upon the
sale of the property. Construction loans also expose us to the risk that improvements will not be completed on time in accordance with
specifications and projected costs. In addition, the ultimate sale or rental of the property may not occur as anticipated.

Commercial non-mortgage

Commercial non-mortgage loans generally have a greater credit risk than residential mortgage loans. Unlike residential
mortgage loans, which generally are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from his or her employment and
other income, and which are secured by real property whose value tends to be more easily ascertainable, commercial non-mortgage
loans are of higher risk and typically are made on the basis of the borrower’s ability to make repayment from the cash flow of the
borrower’s business.

As a result, the availability of funds for the repayment of commercial non-mortgage loans may be substantially dependent on
the success of the business itself. Further, the collateral securing the loans may depreciate over time, may be difficult to appraise and
may fluctuate in value based on the success of the business. In determining the appropriate level of allowance for loan loss, we analyze
various components of our portfolio. The following components are analyzed: all substandard loans on an individual basis; all loans
that are designated special mention or closely monitored; loans not classified according to purpose or collateral type; and overdrawn
deposit account balances.

We also factor in historical loss experience and qualitative considerations, including trends in charge offs and recoveries;
trends in delinquencies and impaired/classified loans; effects of credit concentrations; changes in underwriting standards and loan
review system; experience in lending staff; current industry conditions; and current market conditions.
 

F-14



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 176/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The following tables present the balance in the allowance for loan losses and the recorded investment in loans based on
portfolio segment and impairment method as of June 30, 2017, December 31, 2016 and June 30, 2016:
 

Loan Class  
1-

4 Family  
Home
Equity  

Commercial
Real Estate   Multifamily  Land   Construction  

Commercial
Non-

Mortgage   Consumer  Total  
Year to date analysis as of

June 30, 2017          
Allowance for loan losses:          
Balance, beginning of period  $ 798  $ 49  $ 5,422  $ 1,084  $ 1,142  $ 294  $ 524  $ 13  $ 9,326 
Provision credited to expense   (214)   (13)   (317)   (337)   (889)   (86)   (191)   (3)   (2,050) 
Losses charged off   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   – 
Recoveries   11   –   –   –   –   –   –   1   12 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance, end of period  $ 595  $ 36  $ 5,105  $ 747  $ 253  $ 208  $ 333  $ 11  $ 7,288 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ –  $ –  $ 250  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 250 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending balance: collectively
evaluated for impairment  $ 595  $ 36  $ 4,855  $ 747  $ 253  $ 208  $ 333  $ 11  $ 7,038 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Loans:          
Ending Balance  $ 32,185  $ 3,567  $ 202,513  $ 52,896  $ 11,075  $ 10,417  $ 14,850  $ 1,044  $328,547 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ 943  $ –  $ 6,486  $ 6,150  $ 343  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 13,922 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Ending balance: collectively
evaluated for impairment  $ 31,242  $ 3,567  $ 196,027  $ 46,746  $ 10,732  $ 10,417  $ 14,850  $ 1,044  $314,625 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

Loan Class  
1-4

Family  
Home
Equity  

Commercial
Real Estate   Multifamily  Land   Construction  

Commercial
Non-

Mortgage   Consumer  Total  
Quarter to date analysis as of

June 30, 2017          
Allowance for loan losses:          
Balance, beginning of period  $ 753  $ 40  $ 5,870  $ 872  $ 540  $ 270  $ 375  $ 14  $ 8,734 
Provision credited to expense   (162)   (4)   (765)   (125)   (287)   (62)   (42)   (3)   (1,450) 
Losses charged off   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   – 
Recoveries   4   –   –   –   –   –   –   –   4 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance, end of period  $ 595  $ 36  $ 5,105  $ 747  $ 253  $ 208  $ 333  $ 11  $ 7,288 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
F-15



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 177/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Loan Class  
1-4

Family   
Home
Equity  

Commercial
Real Estate   Multifamily  Land   Construction  

Commercial
Non-

Mortgage   Consumer  Total  
Year to date analysis as of

December 31, 2016          
Allowance for loan losses:          
Balance, beginning of period  $ 948  $ 108  $ 4,913  $ 1,515  $ 1,605  $ 604  $ 344  $ 24  $ 10,061 
Provision (credit) charged to expense   (137)   (59)   555   (431)   (544)   (310)   180   (14)   (760) 
Losses charged off   (67)   –   (85)   –   –   –   –   (1)   (153) 
Recoveries   54   –   39   –   81   –   –   4   178 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance, end of period  $ 798  $ 49  $ 5,422  $ 1,084  $ 1,142  $ 294  $ 524  $ 13  $ 9,326 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ –  $ –  $ 235  $ –  $ 550  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 785 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated
for impairment  $ 798  $ 49  $ 5,187  $ 1,084  $ 592  $ 294  $ 524  $ 13  $ 8,541 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Loans:          
Ending Balance  $ 35,389  $ 4,031  $ 195,924  $ 54,827  $ 11,547  $ 13,475  $ 20,047  $ 1,074  $336,314 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ 1,500  $ –  $ 8,103  $ 6,311  $ 1,061  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 16,975 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Ending balance: collectively evaluated
for impairment  $ 33,889  $ 4,031  $ 187,821  $ 48,516  $ 10,486  $ 13,475  $ 20,047  $ 1,074  $319,339 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

Loan Class  
1-4

Family   
Home
Equity  

Commercial
Real Estate   Multifamily  Land   Construction  

Commercial
Non-

Mortgage   Consumer  Total  
Year to date analysis as of June 30,

2016          
Allowance for loan losses:          
Balance, beginning of period  $ 948  $ 108  $ 4,913  $ 1,515  $ 1,605  $ 604  $ 344  $ 24  $ 10,061 
Provision charged (credited) to

expense   (190)   (45)   777   (250)   (168)   (354)   43   (13)   (200) 
Losses charged off   (67)   –   (61)   –   –   –   –   –   (128) 
Recoveries   27   –   39   –   29   –   –   1   96 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance, end of period  $ 718  $ 63  $ 5,668  $ 1,265  $ 1,466  $ 250  $ 387  $ 12  $ 9,829 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ –  $ –  $ 315  $ –  $ 750  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 1,065 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending balance: collectively
evaluated for impairment  $ 718  $ 63  $ 5,353  $ 1,265  $ 716  $ 250  $ 387  $ 12  $ 8,764 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Loans:          
Ending Balance  $ 38,088  $ 4,622  $ 198,480  $ 59,823  $ 12,197  $ 12,764  $ 19,135  $ 1,071  $346,180 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Ending Balance: individually
evaluated for impairment  $ 1,071  $ –  $ 8,095  $ 7,003  $ 1,520  $ –  $ –  $ –  $ 17,689 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Ending balance: collectively
evaluated for impairment  $ 37,017  $ 4,622  $ 190,385  $ 52,820  $ 10,677  $ 12,764  $ 19,135  $ 1,071  $328,491 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
F-16



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 178/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Loan Class  
1-4

Family  
Home
Equity  

Commercial
Real Estate   Multifamily  Land   Construction  

Commercial
Non-

Mortgage   Consumer  Total  
Quarter to date analysis as of

June 30, 2016          
Allowance for loan losses:          
Balance, beginning of period  $ 909  $ 99  $ 4,822  $ 1,409  $1,634  $ 736  $ 392  $ 23  $ 10,024 
Provision charged (credited) to

expense   (213)   (36)   891   (144)   (196)   (486)   (5)   (11)   (200) 
Losses charged off   (1)   –   (45)   –   –   –   –   –   (46) 
Recoveries   23   –   –   –   28   –   –   –   51 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance, end of period  $ 718  $ 63  $ 5,668  $ 1,265  $1,466  $ 250  $ 387  $ 12  $ 9,829 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Consistent with regulatory guidance, charge offs on all loan segments are taken when specific loans, or portions thereof, are
considered uncollectible. Our policy is to promptly charge these loans off in the period the uncollectible loss is reasonably determined.

For all loan portfolio segments except one-to-four family residential loans and consumer loans, we promptly charge off loans,
or portions thereof, when available information confirms that specific loans are uncollectible based on information that includes, but is
not limited to, (1) the deteriorating financial condition of the borrower, (2) declining collateral values, and/or (3) legal action, including
bankruptcy, that impairs the borrower’s ability to adequately meet its obligations. For impaired loans that are considered to be solely
collateral dependent, a partial charge off is recorded when a loss has been confirmed by an updated appraisal or other appropriate
valuation of the collateral.

We charge off one-to-four family residential and consumer loans, or portions thereof, when we reasonably determine the
amount of the loss. We adhere to timeframes established by applicable regulatory guidance which provides for the charge off of one-to-
four family first and junior lien mortgages to the net realizable value less costs to sell when the loan is more than 180 days past due,
charge off of unsecured open-end loans when the loan is more than 180 days past due, and charge down to the net realizable value
when other secured loans are more than 120 days past due. Loans at these respective delinquency thresholds for which we can clearly
document that the loan is both well-secured and in the process of collection, such that collection will occur regardless of delinquency
status, need not be charged off.

The following table presents the credit risk profile of our loan portfolio based on rating category and payment activity as of
June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016:
 
   1-4 Family    Home Equity    Commercial Real Estate  
   2017    2016    2017    2016    2017    2016  
Pass   $30,888   $33,787   $3,567   $4,031   $181,794   $173,375 
Pass (Closely Monitored)    331    490    –    –    14,438    14,349 
Special Mention    239    241    –    –    1,247    2,630 
Substandard    727    871    –    –    5,034    5,570 
Doubtful    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Loss    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

  $32,185   $35,389   $3,567   $4,031   $202,513   $195,924 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
F-17



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 179/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 
   Multifamily    Land    Construction  
   2017    2016    2017    2016    2017    2016  
Pass   $49,741   $48,241   $ 9,932   $ 9,631   $10,417   $13,475 
Pass (Closely Monitored)    3,155    6,586    801    855    –    – 
Special Mention    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Substandard    –    –    342    1,061    –    – 
Doubtful    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Loss    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

  $52,896   $54,827   $11,075   $11,547   $10,417   $13,475 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 

   
Commercial Non-

Mortgage    Consumer    Total  
   2017    2016    2017    2016    2017    2016  
Pass   $12,152   $16,500   $1,044   $1,074   $299,535   $300,114 
Pass (Closely Monitored)    488    658    –    –    19,213    22,938 
Special Mention    2,210    2,889    –    –    3,696    5,760 
Substandard    –    –    –    –    6,103    7,502 
Doubtful    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Loss    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

  $14,850   $20,047   $1,044   $1,074   $328,547   $336,314 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

We categorize loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such
as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation and current economic trends, among other
factors. We analyze loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed during the loan approval
process and is updated as circumstances warrant.

The Pass asset quality rating encompasses assets that have performed as expected. These assets generally do not have
delinquency or servicing issues. Loans assigned this rating include loans to borrowers possessing solid credit quality with acceptable
risk. Borrowers in these grades are differentiated from higher grades on the basis of size (capital and/or revenue), leverage, asset
quality, stability of the industry or specific market area and quality/coverage of collateral. These borrowers generally have a history of
consistent earnings and reasonable leverage.

The Closely Monitored asset quality rating encompasses assets that have been brought to the attention of management and
may, if not corrected, warrant a more serious quality rating by management. These assets are usually in the first phase of a deficiency
situation and may possess similar criteria as Special Mention assets. This grade includes loans to borrowers which require special
monitoring because of deteriorating financial results, declining credit ratings, decreasing cash flow, increasing leverage, marginal
collateral coverage or industry stress that has resulted or may result in a changing overall risk profile.

The Special Mention asset quality rating encompasses assets that have potential weaknesses that deserve management’s close
attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the asset or in the
institution’s credit position at some future date. Special mention assets are not adversely classified and do not expose an institution to
sufficient risk to warrant adverse classification. This grade is intended to include loans to borrowers whose credit quality has clearly
deteriorated and where risk of further decline is possible unless active measures are taken to correct the situation. Weaknesses are
considered potential at this state and are not yet fully defined.

The Substandard asset quality rating encompasses assets that are inadequately protected by the current net worth and paying
capacity of the obligor or of the collateral pledged, if any; assets having a well-defined
 

F-18



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 180/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

weakness(es) based upon objective evidence; assets characterized by the distinct possibility that we will sustain some loss if the
deficiencies are not corrected; or the possibility that liquidation will not be timely. Loans categorized in this grade possess a well-
defined credit weakness and the likelihood of repayment from the primary source is uncertain. Significant financial deterioration has
occurred and very close attention is warranted to ensure the full repayment without loss. Collateral coverage may be marginal and the
accrual of interest has been suspended.

The Doubtful asset quality rating encompasses assets that have all of the weaknesses of those classified as Substandard. In
addition, these weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently existing facts, conditions and values, highly
questionable and improbable.

The Loss asset quality rating encompasses assets that are considered uncollectible and of such little value that their
continuance as assets of the Bank is not warranted. A loss classification does not mean that an asset has no recovery or salvage value;
instead, it means that it is not practical or desirable to defer writing off or reserving all or a portion of a basically worthless asset, even
though partial recovery may be realized in the future.

The following table is a summary of our past due and non-accrual loans as of June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016:
 

As of June 30, 2017  
30-59 Days
Past Due   

60-89 Days
Past Due   

Greater
than 90

Days   
Total Past

Due   Current   
Total Loans
Receivable   

Total Loans
>90 Days &

Accruing   
Total

Nonaccrual 
1-4 Family  $ –  $ 70  $ 219  $ 289  $ 31,896  $ 32,185  $ –  $ 335 
Home Equity   11   –   –   11   3,556   3,567   –   – 
Commercial Real Estate   184   635   –   819   201,694   202,513   –   3,789 
Multifamily   –   –   –   –   52,896   52,896   –   – 
Land   –   –   343   343   10,732   11,075   –   343 
Construction   –   –   –   –   10,417   10,417   –   – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage   –   –   –   –   14,850   14,850   –   – 
Consumer   –   –   –   –   1,044   1,044   –   – 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total  $ 195  $ 705  $ 562  $ 1,462  $327,085  $ 328,547  $ –  $ 4,467 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 

As of December 31, 2016  
30-59 Days
Past Due   

60-89 Days
Past Due   

Greater
than 90

Days   
Total Past

Due   Current   
Total Loans
Receivable   

Total Loans
>90 Days &

Accruing   
Total

Nonaccrual 
1-4 Family  $ 165  $ 94  $ 137  $ 396  $ 34,993  $ 35,389  $ –  $ 137 
Home Equity   –   –   –   –   4,031   4,031   –   – 
Commercial Real Estate   –   648   100   748   195,176   195,924   –   4,872 
Multifamily   –   –   –   –   54,827   54,827   –   – 
Land   –   –   1,061   1,061   10,486   11,547   –   1,061 
Construction   –   –   –   –   13,475   13,475   –   – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage   –   –   –   –   20,047   20,047   –   – 
Consumer   –   –   –   –   1,074   1,074   –   – 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total  $ 165  $ 742  $1,298  $ 2,205  $334,109  $ 336,314  $ –  $ 6,070 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

The accrual of interest is discontinued on all loan classes at the time the loan is 90 days past due unless the credit is well-
secured and in process of collection. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual or charged off at an earlier date if collection of
principal or interest is considered doubtful. The entire balance of a loan is considered delinquent if the minimum payment contractually
required to be made is not received by the specified due date.
 

F-19



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 181/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

All interest accrued but not collected for loans that are placed on nonaccrual or charged off is reversed against interest
income. Subsequent payments on non-accrual loans are recorded as a reduction of principal, and interest income is recorded only after
principal recovery is reasonably assured. Nonaccrual loans are returned to accrual status when, in the opinion of management, the
financial position of the borrower indicates there is no longer any reasonable doubt as to the timely collection of interest or principal.
We generally require a period of satisfactory performance of not less than six months before returning a nonaccrual loan to accrual
status.

A loan is considered impaired, in accordance with the impairment accounting guidance (ASC 310-10-35-16), when based on
current information and events, it is probable we will be unable to collect all amounts due from the borrower in accordance with the
contractual terms of the loan. Impaired loans include non-performing commercial loans but also include loans modified in troubled
debt restructurings where concessions have been granted to borrowers experiencing financial difficulties.

These concessions could include a reduction in the interest rate on the loan, payment extensions, forgiveness of principal,
forbearance or other actions intended to maximize collection. Interest income on loans individually classified as impaired is recognized
on a cash basis after all past due and current principal payments have been made.
 

F-20



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 182/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The following table presents impaired loans at June 30, 2017:
 

   
Recorded
Balance    

Unpaid
Principal
Balance    

Specific
Allowance   

QTD
Average
Balance    

YTD
Average
Balance    

QTD Interest
Income    

YTD
Interest
Income  

Loans without a specific valuation
allowance:               

1-4 Family   $ 943   $ 1,067   $ –   $ 1,155   $ 1,181   $ 4   $ 13 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    5,780    7,838    –    6,308    6,850    17    56 
Multi Family    6,150    6,964    –    6,195    6,234    129    168 
Land    343    2,507    –    510    694    31    31 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Loans with a specific valuation allowance:               
1-4 Family   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ 120   $ 80   $ –   $ 2 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    706    706    250    1,397    855    2    10 
Multi Family    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    1,264    842    –    35 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Totals               
1-4 Family   $ 943   $ 1,067   $ –   $ 1,275   $ 1,261   $ 4   $ 15 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    6,486    8,544    250    7,705    7,705    19    66 
Multi Family    6,150    6,964    –    6,195    6,234    129    168 
Land    343    2,507    –    510    694    31    31 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    1,264    842    –    35 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total   $13,922   $19,082   $ 250   $16,949   $16,736   $ 183   $ 315 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
F-21



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 183/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The following table presents impaired loans at December 31, 2016:
 

   
Recorded
Balance    

Unpaid
Principal
Balance    

Specific
Allowance   

YTD Average
Balance    

YTD Interest
Income  

Loans without a specific valuation allowance:        
1-4 Family   $ 1,500   $ 1,620   $ –   $ 1,311   $ 70 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    7,494    9,669    –    8,296    426 
Multi Family    6,311    7,125    –    6,884    402 
Land    –    –    –    24    – 
Construction    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    – 
Loans with a specific valuation allowance:           
1-4 Family   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ – 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    609    695    235    385    41 
Multi Family    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    1,061    3,158    550    1,832    123 
Construction    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    – 
Totals           
1-4 Family   $ 1,500   $ 1,620   $ –   $ 1,311   $ 70 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    8,103    10,364    235    8,681    467 
Multi Family    6,311    7,125    –    6,884    402 
Land    1,061    3,158    550    1,856    123 
Construction    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total   $16,975   $22,267   $ 785   $ 18,773   $ 1,062 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
F-22



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 184/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The following table presents impaired loans at June 30, 2016:
 

   
Recorded
Balance    

Unpaid
Principal
Balance    

Specific
Allowance   

QTD
Average
Balance    

YTD
Average
Balance    

QTD Interest
Income    

YTD
Interest
Income  

Loans without a specific valuation
allowance:               

1-4 Family   $ 1,071   $ 1,198   $ –   $ 1,184   $ 1,271   $ 14   $ 24 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    7,599    9,575    –    8,941    9,265    52    99 
Multi Family    7,003    7,850    –    7,242    7,454    129    204 
Land    –    –    –    48    45    –    – 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Loans with a specific valuation allowance:               
1-4 Family   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ –   $ – 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    496    550    315    248    165    4    4 
Multi Family    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Land    1,520    3,417    750    1,598    1,680    –    – 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Totals               
1-4 Family   $ 1,071   $ 1,198   $ –   $ 1,184   $ 1,271   $ 14   $ 24 
Home Equity    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial real estate    8,095    10,125    315    9,189    9,430    56    103 
Multi Family    7,003    7,850    –    7,242    7,454    129    204 
Land    1,520    3,417    750    1,646    1,725    –    – 
Construction    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Commercial Non-Mortgage    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 
Consumer    –    –    –    –    –    –    – 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total   $17,689   $22,590   $ 1,065   $19,261   $19,880   $ 199   $ 331 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Interest payments on impaired loans are typically applied to principal unless collectability of the principal amount is
reasonably assumed, in which case interest is recognized on a cash basis and is reasonable compared to interest income noted above.

Troubled Debt Restructuring (TDR)

We may grant a concession or modification for economic or legal reasons related to a borrower’s financial condition that we
would not otherwise consider resulting in a modified loan which is then identified as a troubled debt restructuring. We may modify
loans through rate reductions, short-term extensions of maturity, interest only payments, or payment modifications to better match the
timing of cash flows due under the modified terms with the cash flows from the borrowers’ operations. Loan modifications are
intended to minimize the economic loss and to avoid foreclosure or repossession of the collateral.

We identify loans for potential restructure primarily through direct communication with the borrower and evaluation of the
borrower’s financial statements, revenue projections, tax returns, and credit reports. Even if
 

F-23



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 185/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

the borrower is not presently in default, management will consider the likelihood that cash flow shortages, adverse economic
conditions, and negative trends may result in a payment default in the near future.

For one-to-four family residential and home equity lines of credit, a restructure often occurs with past due loans and may be
offered as an alternative to foreclosure. There are other situations where borrowers, who are not past due, experience a sudden job loss,
become over-extended with credit obligations, or other problems, have indicated that they will be unable to make the required monthly
payment and request payment relief.

When considering a loan restructure, management will determine if: (i) the financial distress is short or long term; (ii) loan
concessions are necessary; and (iii) the restructure is a viable solution.

When a loan is restructured, the new terms often require a reduced monthly debt service payment. No TDRs that were on
non-accrual status at the time the concessions were granted have been returned to accrual status. For commercial loans, management
completes an analysis of the operating entity’s ability to repay the debt. If the operating entity is capable of servicing the new debt
service requirements and the underlying collateral value is believed to be sufficient to repay the debt in the event of a future default, the
new loan can be placed on accrual status after six months of performance with the new loan terms. To date, there have been no
commercial loans restructured and immediately placed on accrual status after the execution of the TDR.

For retail loans, an analysis of the individual’s ability to service the new required payments is performed. If the borrower is
capable of servicing the newly restructured debt and the underlying collateral value is believed to be sufficient to repay the debt in the
event of a future default, the new loan can be placed on accrual status after six months of performance to the new loan terms. The
reason for the TDR is also considered, such as paying past due real estate taxes or payments caused by a temporary job loss, when
determining whether a retail TDR loan could be returned to accrual status. Retail TDRs remain on nonaccrual status until sufficient
payments have been made to bring the past due principal and interest current and/or after six months of performance to the new loan
terms at which point the loan could be transferred to accrual status.

There were no TDRs that had payment defaults during the six months ended June 30, 2017. Default occurs when a TDR is 90
days or more past due, transferred to nonaccrual status, or transferred to other real estate owned within twelve months of restructuring.

Management monitors the TDRs based on the type of modification or concession granted to the borrower. These types of
modifications may include rate reductions, payment/term extensions, forgiveness of principal, forbearance, and other applicable
actions. Management predominantly utilizes rate reductions and lower monthly payments, either from a longer amortization period or
interest only repayment schedule, because these concessions provide needed payment relief without risking the loss of principal.
Management will also agree to a forbearance agreement when it is deemed appropriate to avoid foreclosure.

The following table summarizes the loans that were restructured as TDRs during the three and six months ended June 30,
2017 and 2016:
 

   
Three months ended

June 30, 2017    
Six months ended

June 30, 2017  

   Count   

Balance
prior to

TDR    

Balance
after
TDR    Count   

Balance
prior to

TDR    

Balance
after
TDR  

   (Dollars in thousands)  
One-to four Family    2    116    116    2    116    116 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    2   $ 116   $ 116    2   $ 116   $ 116 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
F-24



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 186/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

The one-to four-family TDRs in 2017 were modified with maturity extensions.
 

   
Three months ended

June 30, 2016    
Six months ended

June 30, 2016  

   Count   

Balance
prior to

TDR    

Balance
after
TDR    Count   

Balance
prior to

TDR    

Balance
after
TDR  

   (Dollars in thousands)  
Commercial real estate    –    –    –    1    996    996 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total loans    –   $ –   $ –    1   $ 996   $ 996 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

The commercial real estate TDR in 2016 was modified with a forbearance agreement and maturity extension.
 

Note 5: Disclosures About Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities

ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, defines fair value as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Topic 820 also establishes a fair value
hierarchy, which requires an entity to maximize the use of observable inputs and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when
measuring fair value. The standard describes three levels of inputs that may be used to measure fair value:
 

Level 1   Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.

Level 2

  

Observable inputs other than Level 1 prices, such as quoted prices for similar assets or liabilities; quoted prices in markets
that are not active; or other inputs that are observable or can be corroborated by observable market data for substantially the
full term of the assets or liabilities.

Level 3
  

Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market activity and that are significant to the fair value of the assets
or liabilities.

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for assets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and
recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets, as well as the general classification of such assets under the
valuation hierarchy. We have no assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis and no liabilities measured at fair value
on a nonrecurring basis.

Recurring and Nonrecurring Measurements

The following table presents the fair value measurements of assets and liabilities recognized in the accompanying
consolidated balance sheets measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis and the level within the fair value hierarchy in which the fair
value measurements fall at June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016.
 
       Fair Value Measurements Using  

   
Fair

Value   

Quoted Prices
in Active

Markets for
Identical

Assets
(Level 1)    

Significant
Other

Observable
Inputs

(Level 2)    

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)  

June 30, 2017         
Collateral-dependent Impaired loans   $461   $ –   $ –   $ 461 

December 31, 2016         
Collateral-dependent Impaired loans   $885   $ –   $ –   $ 885 

 
F-25



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 187/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Collateral-dependent Impaired Loans

The estimated fair value of collateral-dependent impaired loans is based on the appraised fair value of the collateral, less
estimated cost to sell. Collateral-dependent impaired loans are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy.

The Company considers the appraisal or an evaluation as the starting point for determining fair value and then considers other
factors and events in the environment that may affect the fair value. Appraisals of the collateral underlying collateral-dependent loans
are obtained when the loan is determined to be collateral-dependent or subsequently as deemed necessary and approved by
management. Appraisals are reviewed for accuracy and consistency by the Credit Analysis department. Typically, appraisers are
selected from the list of approved appraisers maintained by the Underwriting department. The appraised values may be reduced by
discounts to consider a lack of marketability or estimated cost to sell if repayment or satisfaction of the loan is dependent on the sale of
the collateral. These discounts and estimates are developed by the Credit Analysis department and approved by management.

Unobservable (Level 3) inputs

The following table presents quantitative information about unobservable inputs used in recurring and nonrecurring Level 3
fair value measurements other than goodwill at June 30, 2017 and December 31, 2016.
 
   Collateral-dependent Impaired Loans

   Fair Value   
Valuation
Technique   

Unobservable
Inputs   

Range (Weighted
Average)

As of June 30, 2017
Collateral-dependent impaired loans   $ 461   

Market comparable
properties   

Marketability
discount   0-17.5% (3%)

December 31, 2016
Collateral-dependent impaired loans   $ 885   

Market comparable
properties   

Marketability
discount   3-13% (6%)

 
F-26



9/17/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1500836/000119312517274949/d447245ddefm14a.htm 188/188

Table of Contents

Wolverine Bancorp, Inc.
Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited)

(Amounts in Thousands, except per share amounts)
 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments

The following table presents estimated fair values of our financial instruments recognized in the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets at amounts other than fair value at the individual dates. The fair values of certain instruments were calculated by
discounting expected cash flows, which involves significant judgments by management and uncertainties. Because no market exists for
certain financial instruments and because management does not intend to sell these financial instruments, we do not know whether the
fair values shown below represent values at which the respective financial instruments could be sold individually or in the aggregate.
 
       Fair Value Measurements Using  

   
Carrying
Amount    

Quoted
Prices in
Active

Markets
for

Identical
Assets

(Level 1)    

Significant
Other

Observable
Inputs

(Level 2)    

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)  

As of June 30, 2017         
Financial Assets         

Cash and cash equivalents   $ 62,148   $ 62,148   $ –   $ – 
Loans, net of allowance for loan losses    314,432    –    –    317,161 
Federal Home Loan Bank stock    2,700    –    2,700    – 
Interest receivable    865    –    865    – 

Financial liabilities         
Deposits   $262,673   $152,139   $ –   $ 111,646 
Federal Home Loan Bank advances    42,000    –    41,381    – 
Federal funds purchased    12,000    –    12,000    – 
Interest payable    85    –    85    – 

 
       Fair Value Measurements Using  

   
Carrying
Amount    

Quoted
Prices in
Active

Markets
for

Identical
Assets

(Level 1)   

Significant
Other

Observable
Inputs

(Level 2)    

Significant
Unobservable

Inputs
(Level 3)  

As of December 31, 2016         


