







































9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 1/217

DEFM14A 1 d440513ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

 
UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549

 
 

SCHEDULE 14A
(RULE 14a-101)

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934

 
 
 
Filed by the Registrant  ☒   Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:   
 

☐   Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐   Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒   Definitive Proxy Statement

☐   Definitive Additional Materials

☐   Soliciting Material Pursuant to §240.14a-12

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

 
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒    No fee required.
☐    Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

  
 (1) 

 
Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
     

  
 (2) 

 
Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
     

  

 (3) 

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the amount on which the filing fee
is calculated and state how it was determined):
     

  
 (4) 

 
Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
     

  
 (5) 

 
Total fee paid:
     

☐    Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
☐

  
 
Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the
offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and
the date of its filing.

  
 (1) 

 
Amount Previously Paid:
     

  
 (2) 

 
Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
     

  
 (3) 

 
Filing Party:
     

  
 (4) 

 
Date Filed:
     



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 2/217

 
 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 3/217

Table of Contents

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
1177 Bishop Street

Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813
MERGER PROPOSED—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

October 5, 2017

Dear Stockholder of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.:

On July 9, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. (“Hawaiian Telcom”) entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “merger
agreement”), with Cincinnati Bell Inc., an Ohio corporation (“Cincinnati Bell”), and Twin Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of
Cincinnati Bell (“Merger Sub”).

The merger agreement provides for Merger Sub to be merged with and into Hawaiian Telcom (the “merger”), after which Hawaiian Telcom will survive the merger as a wholly
owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell. If the merger is completed, for each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock you own, you will receive (unless you seek appraisal and
comply with all related statutory requirements of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”)), at your election, any one of the following less applicable
withholding taxes (the “merger consideration”): (a) 1.6305 common shares, par value $0.01 per share, of Cincinnati Bell (the “Cincinnati Bell common shares”), plus cash in lieu of
fractional shares (the “share consideration”), (b) 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “mixed
consideration”), or (c) $30.75 in cash, without interest (the “cash consideration”). You will have an opportunity to specify the number of shares with respect to which you elect to
receive the share consideration, mixed consideration or cash consideration. Both the election to receive the cash consideration and the election to receive the share consideration will
be subject to proration procedures to ensure the total amount of cash paid and the total number of Cincinnati Bell common shares issued in the merger, as a whole, will equal the
total amount of cash and number of Cincinnati Bell common shares that would have been paid and issued if all Hawaiian Telcom stockholders received the mixed consideration.
Each share as to which you do not make an election will receive the mixed consideration. Changes in the market price of Cincinnati Bell common shares prior to the completion of
the merger will affect the value of the share consideration and the mixed consideration. Accordingly, we urge you to obtain current market quotations for Cincinnati Bell common
shares before deciding whether to vote for adoption of the merger agreement. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are currently traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market
(“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “HCOM”, and Cincinnati Bell common shares are currently traded on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”) under the symbol “CBB”.

In connection with the merger, Hawaiian Telcom will hold a special meeting of its stockholders (the “special meeting”) to adopt the merger agreement and to consider and vote
on certain other matters. The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote on the merger proposal is
required to adopt the merger agreement. Stockholders of record as of September 26, 2017 (the “record date”) are entitled to vote to adopt the merger agreement and for the other
proposals presented at the special meeting. In connection with the signing of the merger agreement, Twin Haven Capital Partners L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates, who,
collectively and in the aggregate, hold voting power over approximately 22.5% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock as of the record date, entered into a
voting agreement with Cincinnati Bell. Pursuant to the voting agreement, among other things, such stockholders agreed to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement the
lesser of 25% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or the total number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock then held by such stockholders.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Information about the special meeting, the merger and the other business to be considered by the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders at the special meeting is contained
in the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, which we urge you to read in its entirety. In particular, see the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40 of the
accompanying document.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors has adopted resolutions approving the merger agreement and declaring it advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders for Hawaiian Telcom to enter into the merger agreement, complete the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger,
and perform Hawaiian Telcom’s obligations thereunder, and has adopted, approved and declared advisable and authorized in all respects the merger agreement, the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommends that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders
vote (1) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement; (2) “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, certain compensation that will be paid
or may become payable to Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of
Regulation S-K (the “merger-related compensation”); and (3) “FOR” any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in
favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of the accompanying
proxy statement/prospectus or need help voting your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, please contact Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy solicitor:

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor

New York, New York 10022
Stockholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834

Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833
 

Sincerely,

Scott K. Barber
President and Chief Executive Officer

Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the merger, the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement or the securities to be issued under the accompanying proxy statement/prospectus or determined if the accompanying proxy
statement/prospectus is accurate or complete. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The accompanying document is dated October 5, 2017 and is first being mailed to the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders on or about October 10, 2017.



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 4/217

Table of Contents

Notice of Special Meeting of Stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
1177 Bishop Street

Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813

October 5, 2017

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

Dear Stockholder of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.:

Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders (the “special meeting”) of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Hawaiian
Telcom”), will be held on November 7, 2017 at the headquarters of Hawaiian Telcom at 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813 at 8:00 a.m., local time. Only
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders of record at the close of business on September 26, 2017, the record date, are entitled to receive this notice and to vote at the special
meeting or any adjournment or postponement of that meeting. The special meeting has been called for the following purposes:

1. Adoption of the Merger Agreement. To consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 9, 2017, by and among
Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell Inc., an Ohio corporation (“Cincinnati Bell”), and Twin Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation and a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell (“Merger Sub”) (as it may be amended from time to time, the “merger agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub
will be merged with and into Hawaiian Telcom, with Hawaiian Telcom surviving the merger as a subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell (the “merger”);

2. Advisory Vote Regarding Merger-Related Compensation. To consider and approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation; and

3. Adjournment or Postponement of the Special Meeting. To consider and vote upon any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to
solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Hawaiian Telcom will transact no other business at the special meeting except such business that may properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment,
postponement or other delay of the special meeting.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors has approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and is submitting the merger agreement to the
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders for adoption at the special meeting. The merger agreement will be adopted upon receiving the affirmative vote of the holders of
a majority of all outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote thereon at the special meeting.

Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, please submit your proxy with voting instructions as soon as possible. If you hold shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock in your name as a stockholder of record, please complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply
envelope, use the toll-free telephone number shown on the proxy card or use the internet website shown on the proxy card. If you hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, please use the voting instructions you have received from your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee.
Submitting your proxy will not prevent you from attending the special meeting and voting in person. Please note, however, that if you hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, and you wish to vote in person at the special meeting, you must obtain from your broker, bank, trustee or
other nominee a legal proxy issued in your name. You may revoke your proxy by attending the special meeting and voting your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock in person. You may also revoke your proxy at any time prior to your shares being voted by providing a written notice of revocation to the Secretary of Hawaiian
Telcom at the address provided with the proxy card at or before the special meeting or by submitting a proxy card bearing a later date. For shares you hold beneficially in
“street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you will need to follow the instructions provided to you by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee in
order to revoke your proxy or submit new voting instructions.
 

Special Meeting Information   Proxy Voting Information
When: November 7, 2017 at 8:00 a.m., local time   

Where: Headquarters of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop Street,
Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813.

  

You do not need to attend the special meeting to vote your shares. You can vote
your shares by proxy, by mail, telephonically or over the Internet, by following
the instructions on your proxy card or the voting instruction form provided by
your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee.

Stockholders will be asked to sign in upon arrival.   

  
Your vote is important to us. Even if you cannot attend the special
meeting, please vote your shares.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommends that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote:
 
 1. “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement;
 
 2. “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation; and
 

 3. “FOR” any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the mergeragreement.

By Order of the Board of Directors,
 

Sean K. Clark
Secretary



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 5/217

Table of Contents

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important business and financial information about Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell
from other documents that are not included in or delivered with this proxy statement/prospectus. This information is available for you to
review at the public reference room of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C.
20549, and through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov. You can also obtain the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus free of charge by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses
and telephone numbers:
 

Cincinnati Bell Inc.
221 East Fourth Street
Cincinnati, OH 45202

(513) 397-9900
Attention: Investor Relations

http://investor.cincinnatibell.com   

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
1177 Bishop Street
Honolulu, HI 96813

(808) 546-4511
Attention: Secretary

http://ir.hawaiiantel.com

or

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor

New York, New York 10022
Stockholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834

Banks, Brokers, Trustees or Other Nominees may call collect: (212) 750-5833

If you would like to request any documents, please do so by October 24, 2017 in order to receive them before the special meeting.

You also may obtain additional proxy cards and other information related to the proxy solicitation by contacting the appropriate
contact listed above. You will not be charged for any of these documents that you request.

For more information, please see the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

ABOUT THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

This proxy statement/prospectus, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC by Cincinnati Bell,
constitutes a prospectus of Cincinnati Bell under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), with respect to
Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders under the merger agreement. This proxy statement/prospectus
also constitutes a proxy statement under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). It also
constitutes a notice of meeting with respect to the special meeting of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, at which meeting Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders will be asked to vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement, among other things.

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. No one has been
authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this proxy
statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus is dated as of October 5, 2017. You should not assume that the information contained
in this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. You should not assume that the information incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than the date of such incorporated document. Neither the
mailing of this proxy statement/prospectus to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders nor the issuance by Cincinnati Bell of its common shares in
connection with the merger will create any implication to the contrary.

This proxy statement/prospectus is neither an offer to sell, nor a solicitation of an offer to buy any securities, the solicitation of
any vote or approval in any jurisdiction pursuant to or in connection with the merger or otherwise, nor shall there be any sale,
issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. Information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus regarding Hawaiian Telcom has been provided by Hawaiian Telcom and information contained in this proxy
statement/prospectus regarding Cincinnati Bell has been provided by Cincinnati Bell.



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 6/217

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS    1 

SUMMARY    15 

The Companies    15 
The Merger and the Merger Agreement    16 
Merger Consideration    16 
Election Materials and Procedures    16 
Proration Procedures    17 
Financing of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger    17 
Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards    18 
Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders    19 
Vote Required for Adoption of Merger Agreement    20 
Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger    21 
Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor    22 
Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    22 
Board of Directors and Executive Officers After the Merger    22 
New York Stock Exchange Listing of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Hawaiian Telcom

Stock    23 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    23 
Appraisal Rights    24 
No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals by Hawaiian Telcom    24 
No Change in Board Recommendation by the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors    25 
Conditions to Completion of the Merger    25 
Expected Timing of the Merger    26 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    26 
Expenses and Termination Fee    27 
Effect on Hawaiian Telcom if Merger Is Not Completed    27 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences    27 
Withholding Taxes    28 
Accounting Treatment    28 
Comparison of Shareholders’ Rights    28 
The Voting Agreement    28 
The OnX Acquisition    29 
Nonbinding, Advisory Vote to Approve Merger-Related Compensation    29 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CINCINNATI BELL    30 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM    33 

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    35 

COMPARATIVE UNAUDITED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA    37 

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    38 

RISK FACTORS    40 

Risks Relating to the Merger    40 
Risks Relating to the Combined Company Upon Completion of the Merger    45 
Risk Factors Related to Cincinnati Bell Common Shares    47 
Other Risks Relating to Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell    50 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    51 
 

i



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 7/217

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM STOCKHOLDERS    55 

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting    55 
Purpose of the Special Meeting    55 
Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum    55 
Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    56 
Shares Held by Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers    57 
Voting of Proxies    57 
Revocability of Proxies    58 
Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors    59 
Adjournments and Postponements    59 
Solicitation of Proxies    59 
Appraisal Rights    60 
Other Matters    60 
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on November 7,

2017    60 
Householding of Special Meeting Materials    61 
Questions and Additional Information    61 

HAWAIIAN TELCOM PROPOSALS    62 

Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement    62 
Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 2: Nonbinding, Advisory Vote to Approve Merger-Related Compensation    62 
Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 3: Adjournment of the Hawaiian Telcom Special Meeting    63 

THE COMPANIES    64 

Cincinnati Bell Inc.    64 
Twin Acquisition Corp.    64 
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.    64 

THE MERGER    66 

Effect of the Merger    66 
Effect on Hawaiian Telcom if the Merger Is Not Completed    66 
Merger Consideration    66 
Election Materials and Procedures    67 
Proration Procedures    68 
No Recommendation Regarding Elections    72 
Information About the Merger Consideration Elections    72 
Background of the Merger    72 
Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger    90 
Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor    95 
Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts    102 
Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards    111 
Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    112 
Cincinnati Bell’s Reasons for the Merger    116 
Board of Directors and Executive Officers After the Merger    117 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    117 
Appraisal Rights    118 
New York Stock Exchange Listing of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Hawaiian Telcom

Common Stock    123 
 

ii



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 8/217

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    124 

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement    124 
Form and Effects of the Merger; Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation; Directors and Officers    124 
Closing and Effective Time of the Merger    125 
Marketing Period    125 
Merger Consideration    126 
Election Materials and Procedures    127 
Proration Procedures    128 
No Recommendation Regarding Elections    128 
Information About the Merger Consideration Elections    128 
Payment of the Merger Consideration    128 
Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards    129 
Representations and Warranties    130 
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger    131 
Efforts to Complete the Merger    133 
No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals by Hawaiian Telcom    134 
No Change in Board Recommendation by the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Telcom    135 
Efforts to Obtain Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval    136 
Financing    136 
Indemnification and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    137 
Certain Additional Covenants    137 
Conditions to Completion of the Merger    137 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    138 
Expenses and Termination Fees; Liability for Breach    139 
Employee Benefits Matters    140 
Withholding Taxes    140 
Amendments, Extensions and Waivers    141 
Governing Law    141 
Specific Enforcement    141 

FINANCING OF THE MERGER AND INDEBTEDNESS FOLLOWING THE MERGER    142 

Senior Credit Facilities    142 
Senior Unsecured Notes    144 

THE VOTING AGREEMENT    145 

THE ONX ACQUISITION    147 

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT    148 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES    149 

General    149 
The Merger    150 
Ownership and Disposition of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares Received in the Merger    151 

DESCRIPTION OF CINCINNATI BELL CAPITAL STOCK    154 

General    154 
Cincinnati Bell Common Shares    154 
Preferred Shares    155 
Indemnification under Ohio Law    156 
Anti-takeover Effects of Ohio Law, Cincinnati Bell’s Amended and Restated Articles and Cincinnati Bell’s Amended and

Restated Regulations    157 
 

iii



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 9/217

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS    159 

General    159 
Comparison of Shareholders’ Rights    159 

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    172 

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM    188 

SUBMISSION OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    191 

HOUSEHOLDING    192 

LEGAL MATTERS    192 

EXPERTS    192 

WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION    193 

ANNEX A: Agreement and Plan of Merger
   

A-
1 

ANNEX B: Voting Agreement    B-1 

ANNEX C: Opinion of UBS Securities LLC    C-1 

ANNEX D: Section  262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
   

D-
1 

 
iv



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 10/217

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

Set forth below are questions that you, as a stockholder of Hawaiian Telcom, may have regarding the merger and the special
meeting, and brief answers to those questions. These questions and answers may not address all questions that are important to you.
For a more complete description of the legal and other terms of the merger, we encourage you to read carefully this entire document,
including the merger agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus, and the documents incorporated by
reference into this document. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this document without charge by
following the instructions in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on
page 193.

 
Q: Why am I receiving these materials?
 

A: On July 9, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub entered into the merger agreement, which provides for the
merger of Merger Sub, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell, with and into Hawaiian Telcom, with Hawaiian
Telcom surviving the merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell. In order to complete the merger, Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders must vote to adopt the merger agreement. This document is being delivered to you as both a proxy statement
of Hawaiian Telcom and a prospectus of Cincinnati Bell in connection with the merger. It is the proxy statement by which the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors is soliciting proxies from you to vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
at the special meeting or at any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are also
being asked to vote on a proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation. This document is
also the prospectus for the offering by Cincinnati Bell of Cincinnati Bell common shares to pay for the share portion of the merger
consideration, as described below.

 
Q: What is the proposed transaction?
 

A: The proposed transaction is the merger of Merger Sub with and into Hawaiian Telcom pursuant to the merger agreement.
Following the effective time of the merger, Hawaiian Telcom would be a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell.
Cincinnati Bell will issue approximately 7.9 million Cincinnati Bell common shares to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in the
merger (including Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued in connection with outstanding Hawaiian Telcom equity awards).
As a result of these issuances, current Cincinnati Bell shareholders and Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are expected to hold
approximately 85% and 15%, respectively, of Cincinnati Bell’s outstanding common shares immediately following completion of
the merger.

 
Q: What is the amount of cash and/or the number of Cincinnati Bell common shares that I will be entitled to receive for my

shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock?
 

A: If the merger agreement is adopted by the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders and the merger is subsequently completed, each issued
and outstanding share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that are held by
Hawaiian Telcom, are held by Cincinnati Bell or Merger Sub or are owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom, and dissenting shares as described below) will be converted into the right to receive, at the
holder’s election and subject to proration as set forth in the merger agreement and as described below, any of the following forms
of consideration (the “merger consideration”):

 

 •  1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “share consideration”);
 

 
•  0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “mixed

consideration”); or
 

 •  $30.75 in cash, without interest (the “cash consideration”).
 

1



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 11/217

Table of Contents

We refer to an election to receive the share consideration as a “share election”, an election to receive the mixed consideration as a
“mixed election” and an election to receive the cash consideration as a “cash election”. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who make
a share election or a cash election with respect to any of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be subject to
proration to ensure that the aggregate number of Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued by Cincinnati Bell in the merger and
the aggregate amount of cash to be paid in the merger will be the same as if all Hawaiian Telcom stockholders received the mixed
consideration.

Whether you receive the amount of cash and/or Cincinnati Bell common shares you request in your election form/letter of
transmittal (together, the “election form”) will depend in part on the elections of other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. You may
not receive the form of consideration that you elect in the merger, and you may instead receive a prorated amount of cash and/or
Cincinnati Bell common shares.

The greater the oversubscription of the share consideration, the fewer shares and more cash a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
making the share election will receive. Reciprocally, the greater the oversubscription of the cash consideration, the less cash and
more Cincinnati Bell common shares a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the cash election will receive. However, in no event
will a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder who makes a cash election or share election receive less cash and more Cincinnati Bell
common shares, or fewer Cincinnati Bell common shares and more cash, respectively, than a stockholder who makes a mixed
election. For further information, please see the sections titled “The Merger—Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election
Materials and Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration Procedures” on pages 66-68.

Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who elect to receive the mixed consideration for their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
will not be subject to proration for such shares. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who do not make a valid election prior to the
election deadline, or who withdraw their elections prior to the election deadline, will receive the mixed consideration for their
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and will not be subject to proration for such shares.

Cincinnati Bell will not issue any fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger. Instead, a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who otherwise would have received a fraction of a Cincinnati Bell common share will receive an amount in cash
equal to such fractional amount multiplied by the closing sale price of Cincinnati Bell common shares on the NYSE on the last
trading day prior to the effective time of the merger. See the sections of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Merger—
Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election Materials and Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration Procedures” beginning
on pages 66-68.

 
Q: What will the holders of Hawaiian Telcom restricted stock units (“RSUs”) receive in the merger?
 

A: At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding Hawaiian Telcom RSU granted on or after January 1, 2017 that does not
provide for automatic vesting upon the completion of the merger (each such RSU, a “rollover RSU”) will be converted into a
time-based RSU of Cincinnati Bell, with respect to a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares (rounded down to the nearest
whole share) determined by multiplying the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to such rollover RSU by
a ratio based upon the value of the mixed consideration, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable
to such rollover RSU immediately prior to the completion of the merger, with any applicable performance criteria deemed
satisfied at target levels.

At the effective time of the merger, each other outstanding Hawaiian Telcom RSU (each, a “cash-out RSU”) will be canceled and
converted into the right to receive in respect of each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to each cash-out RSU
(i) the merger consideration (as determined by the holder’s election or non-election, as applicable, of the share consideration,
mixed consideration or cash consideration) and (ii) a cash payment equal to any accrued dividend equivalents in respect of each
such RSU, with any applicable performance criteria based upon actual performance as of immediately prior to the effective time
of the merger, as reasonably determined by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors in consultation with Cincinnati Bell in respect
of any performance period that has not concluded prior to the effective time of the merger.

 
2



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 12/217

Table of Contents

Q: Will I receive the form of merger consideration that I elect?
 

A: If you make a mixed election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you will receive the mixed
consideration in respect of such shares. If you make a share election or a cash election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock, you may not receive the exact form of consideration that you elect in respect of such shares. If you make
no election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and do not properly demand appraisal in accordance
with the DGCL, you will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares.

Whether you receive the amount of cash and/or Cincinnati Bell common shares you request in your election form will depend in
part on the elections of other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. You may not receive the form of consideration that you elect in the
merger, and you may instead receive a prorated amount of cash and/or Cincinnati Bell common shares.

The greater the oversubscription of the share consideration, the fewer shares and more cash a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
making the share election will receive. Reciprocally, the greater the oversubscription of the cash consideration, the less cash and
more Cincinnati Bell common shares a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the cash election will receive. However, in no event
will a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder who makes a cash election or share election receive less cash and more Cincinnati Bell
common shares, or fewer Cincinnati Bell common shares and more cash, respectively, than a stockholder who makes a mixed
election. For further information, please see the sections titled “The Merger—Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election
Materials and Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration Procedures” beginning on pages 66-68.

The mix of consideration payable to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who make the share election and/or the cash election will not
be known until the exchange agent tallies the results of the elections made by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, which will not
occur until after the special meeting.

 
Q: How does the merger consideration compare to the market price of the Hawaiian Telcom common stock?
 

A: The relationship of the merger consideration of $30.75 (based on the mixed consideration of $18.45 in cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati
Bell common shares, utilizing the volume weighted average price of Cincinnati Bell common shares for the 20 calendar day
period ended July 7, 2017) to the trading price of the Hawaiian Telcom common stock constituted a premium of approximately
(i) 26% over Hawaiian Telcom’s closing share price of $24.44 on July 7, 2017, the last trading day prior to the date the merger
agreement was publicly announced, (ii) 24% over Hawaiian Telcom’s volume-weighted average price of $24.86 for the 20
calendar days up to and including July 7, 2017, and (iii) 31% over Hawaiian Telcom’s 12-month volume-weighted average price
of $23.55 for the period up to and including July 7, 2017.

The relationship of the merger consideration of $32.47 (based on the mixed consideration of $18.45 in cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati
Bell common shares, utilizing the closing price of Cincinnati Bell common shares as of October 4, 2017, the day before the date
of this proxy statement/prospectus) to the trading price of the Hawaiian Telcom common stock constituted a premium of
approximately (i) 33% over Hawaiian Telcom’s closing share price of $24.44 on July 7, 2017, the last trading day prior to the date
the merger agreement was publicly announced, (ii) 31% over Hawaiian Telcom’s volume-weighted average price of $24.86 for
the 20 calendar days up to and including July 7, 2017, and (iii) 38% over Hawaiian Telcom’s 12-month volume-weighted average
price of $23.55 for the period up to and including July 7, 2017.

 
Q: What am I being asked to consider and vote on?
 

A: Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are being asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:
 

 (1) to adopt the merger agreement (attached as Annex A to this document);
 

 (2) to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation; and
 

3



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 13/217

Table of Contents

 
(3) to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the

proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

 
Q: How does the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommend that I vote on the matters to be considered at the special

meeting?
 

A: The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommends that Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote:
 

 •  “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement;
 

 •  “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation; and
 

 
•  “FOR” any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the

proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

See “The Merger—Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger” beginning on
page 90.

In considering the recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors with respect to the merger agreement, you should
be aware that some of Hawaiian Telcom’s directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or
in addition to, the interests of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders generally. See “The Merger—Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 112.

 
Q: Why is the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommending that I vote “FOR” the merger?
 

A: After careful consideration, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors determined that it is advisable, fair to and in the best interests
of Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders for Hawaiian Telcom to enter into the merger agreement, complete the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger, and perform Hawaiian Telcom’s obligations thereunder. Therefore, after such
consideration, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors approved and declared advisable the merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in accordance with the requirements of the DGCL. In reaching its
decision to approve and declare advisable the merger agreement and to recommend that Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders adopt
the merger agreement, the proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation, and the
proposal regarding adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, by the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors consulted with Hawaiian Telcom’s management, as well as its legal and financial advisors,
and considered its fiduciary obligations, due diligence matters and the terms of the proposed merger agreement. The Hawaiian
Telcom board of directors also considered each of the items set forth under the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled
“The Merger—Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger” beginning on
page 90.

 
Q: How do Hawaiian Telcom’s directors and executive officers intend to vote?
 

A: Hawaiian Telcom’s directors and executive officers who hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock have informed Hawaiian
Telcom that they intend, as of the date hereof, to vote all of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in favor of each of the
proposals to be considered at the special meeting, although none of them (other than Robert B. Webster pursuant to the voting
agreement, as described under the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Voting Agreement”) has entered into any
agreement obligating them to do so. At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of Hawaiian
Telcom and their affiliates were entitled to vote approximately 2,983,418 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, or
approximately 25.7% of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding on that date.

 
4



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 14/217

Table of Contents

Q: What will happen in the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Hawaiian Telcom, with Hawaiian Telcom surviving the
merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell. The merger will be effective when the parties file a certificate of
merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, unless Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom agree to a later time for
the effectiveness of the merger prior to the filing of such certificate of merger and so specify that time in the certificate of merger.
Throughout this proxy statement/prospectus, this date and time is referred to as the “effective time” of the merger.

Following the effective time of the merger, Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be delisted from NASDAQ and deregistered
under the Exchange Act and, accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom will no longer be a public company or be required to file periodic or
current reports with the SEC in respect of Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

 
Q: What vote of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders is required to adopt the merger agreement?
 

A: The proposal to adopt the merger agreement (the “merger agreement proposal”) must be approved by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of all issued and outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote thereon at the
special meeting. Failures to vote, abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger
agreement proposal.

Concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, Twin Haven Capital Partners L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates, who,
collectively and in the aggregate, hold voting power over approximately 22.5% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock as of the record date, entered into a voting agreement with Cincinnati Bell. Pursuant to the voting agreement,
among other things, such stockholders agreed to vote in favor of adoption of the merger agreement the lesser of 25% of the
outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or the total number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock then held
by such stockholders. For a description of the voting agreement, please read the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled
“The Voting Agreement” beginning on page 145.

 
Q: What vote of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders is required to approve the other matters to be considered at the special

meeting?
 

A: Approval, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, of the merger-related compensation (the “advisory say-on-compensation proposal”)
requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of those shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock present in person or
by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The nonbinding vote to approve the advisory say-on-compensation
proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger and the advisory say-on-compensation proposal is advisory in nature and
will not be binding on Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom. Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of the nonbinding vote on the
advisory say-on-compensation proposal, if the merger agreement is adopted and the merger is completed, the merger-related
compensation may be paid or become payable to Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers in connection with the merger.
Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, while failures to vote
and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the nonbinding vote on the advisory say-on-compensation proposal.

Any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt
the merger agreement (the “adjournment proposal”) requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of those shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon,
regardless of whether a quorum is present. Unless the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors fixes a new record date for the
adjourned special meeting, the adjourned special meeting is more than 30 days after the date of the original special meeting, or
law otherwise requires, no notice of the adjourned special meeting will be required so long as (i) the time and place to which the
special meeting is adjourned, and the means of remote communications, if any, by which holders of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock may be deemed to be present or represented by proxy and vote

 
5



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 15/217

Table of Contents

at such adjourned meeting are announced at the original special meeting and (ii) at the adjourned special meeting only such
business is transacted as might have been transacted at the original special meeting. Abstentions will have the same effect as a
vote “AGAINST” a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, while failures to vote and broker non-votes will have no effect on the
outcome of the vote.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote at the special meeting?
 

A: You are entitled to vote your common stock at the special meeting if Hawaiian Telcom’s records show that you held your shares
as of the close of business on September 26, 2017, the record date. At the close of business on the record date, there were
11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding, held by approximately 15 holders of record.

 
Q: How many votes am I entitled to cast for each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that I own?

Each holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock is entitled to one vote per share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
held as of the record date.

 
Q: How are votes counted?
 

A: For (i) the merger agreement proposal, (ii) the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, and (iii) the adjournment proposal, you
may vote “FOR”, “AGAINST” or “ABSTAIN”. If you “ABSTAIN” in any of the above matters, the abstention has the same
effect as a vote “AGAINST”.

If you provide specific instructions with regard to certain items, your shares will be voted as you instruct on such items. If you
sign your proxy card or voting instruction form without giving specific instructions, your shares will be voted in accordance with
the recommendations of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors (“FOR” all of the proposals).

 
Q: What is the deadline for voting my shares?
 

A: If you hold shares as the stockholder of record, your vote by written proxy must be received before the polls close at the special
meeting and any electronic or telephonic vote must be received by 11:59 p.m. EST, on the day before the special meeting. If you
hold shares beneficially in “street name” with a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, please follow the voting instructions
provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the special meeting?
 

A: A majority of all outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock at the close of business on the record date and entitled to
vote, present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting, constitutes a quorum for the purposes of the special
meeting. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for which a stockholder directs an “abstention” from voting will be counted
for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes will not be counted as shares present and entitled to be voted for
purposes of establishing a quorum. A quorum is necessary to transact business at the special meeting. Once a share of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock is represented at the special meeting, it will be counted for the purpose of determining a quorum at the
special meeting and any adjournment of the special meeting, unless a new record date is required to be established. However, if a
new record date is set for the adjourned special meeting, then a new quorum will have to be established. In the event that a
quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is expected that the special meeting will be adjourned.

 
Q: What is a broker non-vote?
 

A: Under applicable stock exchange rules, brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees holding shares of record may vote those shares
in their discretion on certain routine proposals when they do not receive timely voting

 
6



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 16/217

Table of Contents

 
instructions from the beneficial holders. A “broker non-vote” occurs when a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee holding shares
of record is not permitted to vote on a non-routine matter without instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares and no
instruction is given.

Brokers, banks, trustees and other nominees who hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in “street name” for their
customers, but do not have discretionary authority to vote the shares, may not exercise their voting discretion with respect to the
adoption of the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal.
Accordingly, if banks, brokers, trustees or other nominees do not receive specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner of
such shares, they may not vote such shares with respect to the adoption of the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-
compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. For shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held in “street name”, only
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock affirmatively voted “FOR” the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-
compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal will be counted as affirmative votes therefor. Broker non-votes will have the
same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, but will have no effect on the approval of the advisory say-on-
compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal. Broker non-votes are not counted as shares present and entitled to be voted
for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is present.

 
Q: Who will bear the cost of soliciting votes for the special meeting?
 

A: Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom will each bear their own costs related to the merger and the retention of any information
agent or other service provider in connection with the merger, except for the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of
this document, which will be paid by Cincinnati Bell, and the expenses incurred in connection with the printing and mailing of
this document, which will be paid by Hawaiian Telcom. This proxy solicitation is being made by Hawaiian Telcom on behalf of
the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors. Hawaiian Telcom has hired Innisfree M&A Incorporated, a proxy solicitation firm
(“Innisfree”), to assist in the solicitation of proxies, and will pay Innisfree a fee of approximately $25,000, plus certain costs
associated with additional services, if required. In addition, Cincinnati Bell has hired Georgeson LLC (“Georgeson”) to advise
Cincinnati Bell in connection with the solicitation of proxies and will pay Georgeson a fee of approximately $9,500, plus certain
costs associated with additional services, if required. In addition to this mailing, proxies may be solicited by Innisfree, Georgeson,
directors, officers or employees of Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell or their respective affiliates in person, by mail, by
telephone or by electronic transmission. None of the directors, officers or employees of Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell will
be directly compensated for such services.

 
Q: When and where will the special meeting be held?
 

A: The special meeting is scheduled to be held on November 7, 2017 at 8:00 a.m., local time, at the headquarters of Hawaiian
Telcom, 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813.

 
Q: May I attend the special meeting and vote in person?
 

A: Yes. All stockholders as of the record date may attend the special meeting and vote in person. Seating will be limited.
Stockholders will need to present proof of ownership of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and proper photo
identification, such as a driver’s license, to be admitted to the special meeting. If your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
are held through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you will need to provide proof of ownership, such as a recent account
statement or voting instructions form provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee or other similar evidence of
ownership, along with proper photo identification. If you are the representative of a corporate or institutional stockholder, you
must present valid photo identification along with proof that you are the representative of such stockholder. No cameras,
recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the special meeting, except as
administered by Hawaiian Telcom.

 
7



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 17/217

Table of Contents

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person, to ensure that your shares will be represented at the special meeting we
encourage you to complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant
your proxy by telephone electronically over the Internet. If you attend the special meeting and vote in person by ballot, your vote
will revoke any proxy previously submitted by you with respect to the shares so voted in person.

If you hold your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in “street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you
should instruct your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee how to vote your shares in accordance with the voting instruction form
that you will receive from your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. Without your instructions, your broker or other agent
cannot vote on a proposal for which it does not have discretionary authority. If you hold your shares in “street name”, you may
not vote your shares in person at the special meeting unless you obtain a “legal proxy” from your broker, bank, trustee or other
nominee.

 
Q. Where can I find the voting results of the special meeting?
 

A: Hawaiian Telcom intends to announce preliminary voting results at the special meeting and publish final results in a current report
on Form 8-K within four business days of the special meeting.

 
Q: What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger?
 

A: The merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, a U.S. Holder (as defined below in the
section titled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—General”) generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal to
the difference, if any, between (1) the sum of any cash received by such U.S. Holder in the merger, including any cash received in
lieu of fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares, and the fair market value of any Cincinnati Bell common shares
received by such U.S. Holder in the merger and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

Except in certain specific circumstances described in “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—The Merger”, a Non-
U.S. Holder (as defined below in the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—General”) generally will
not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain recognized on the exchange of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock for any Cincinnati Bell common shares and/or cash in the merger.

Please refer to “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—The Merger” beginning on page 150 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for a description of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. Determining the
actual tax consequences of the merger to you may be complex and will depend on your specific situation. You should consult
your tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to you.

 
Q: Are there any risks in the merger that I should consider?
 

A: Yes. There are risks associated with all business combinations, including the merger. These risks are discussed in more detail in
the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40.

 
Q: What do I need to do now? How do I vote at the special meeting?
 

A: We urge you to read this document carefully, including its exhibits, its annexes and the documents referred to or incorporated by
reference in this document, and to consider how the merger affects you. Your vote is important. If you are a stockholder of record
(that is, if your shares Hawaiian Telcom common stock are registered in your name with American Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, LLC, Hawaiian Telcom’s transfer agent), there are four ways to vote:

 

 
•  Voting by Proxy Card. If you are a stockholder of record and received a proxy card, you can vote by completing and

returning your signed proxy card. To vote using your proxy card, please mark, date and
 

8



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 18/217

Table of Contents

 

sign the card and return it by mail in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope so that it is received in time for the special
meeting. If you vote by telephone or by Internet, you should not return a proxy card unless you wish to change your vote. If
you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor of each
of the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, and the adjournment proposal. If you are a
stockholder of record and fail to return your proxy card, unless you are a holder of record on the record date and attend the
special meeting and vote in person, the effect will be that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining
whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger
agreement proposal, but will not affect the approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment
proposal.

 

 

•  Voting by Telephone. You can vote by telephone by calling toll-free (within the U.S. or Canada) the number printed on the
proxy card or, if you are a beneficial owner, in accordance with any telephonic voting instructions provided to you by the
record holder, as applicable. Your shares will be voted as you direct in the same manner as if you had completed, signed,
dated and returned your proxy card, as described above. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day and will be accessible
until 11:59 p.m. EST on November 6, 2017.

 

 

•  Voting by Internet. You can vote electronically over the Internet in accordance with the instructions on the proxy card or, if
you are a beneficial owner, in accordance with any electronic voting instructions provided to you by the record holder, as
applicable. Your shares will be voted as you direct in the same manner as if you had completed, signed, dated and returned
your proxy card, as described above. Internet voting is available 24 hours a day and will be accessible until 11:59 p.m. EST
on November 6, 2017.

 

 
•  Voting in Person. You can vote in person at the special meeting if you are a record owner of the shares to be voted. You can

also vote in person at the special meeting if you present a properly signed “legal proxy” that authorizes you to vote shares on
behalf of the record owner.

A control number, located on your proxy card, is designed to verify your identity and allow you to vote your shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock, and to confirm that your voting instructions have been properly recorded when voting by telephone or
electronically over the Internet. Please be aware that, although there is no charge for voting your shares, if you vote by telephone
or electronically over the Internet, you may incur costs such as internet access and telephone charges for which you will be
responsible.

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person, you are strongly encouraged to vote your shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock by proxy. If you are a record holder or if you obtain a “legal proxy” to vote shares that you beneficially own, you
may still vote your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in person by ballot at the special meeting even if you have
previously voted by proxy. If you are present at the special meeting and vote in person by ballot, your previous vote by proxy will
not be counted.

If your shares are held in “street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you may vote through your broker,
bank, trustee or other nominee by completing and returning the voting form provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other
nominee, or, if such a service is provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, by telephone or electronically over the
Internet. To vote by telephone or over the Internet through your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you should follow the
instructions on the voting instruction form provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee.

 
Q: If my shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are held in “street name” by my broker, bank, trustee or other nominee,

will my broker, bank, trustee or other nominee vote my shares without instructions from me?
 

A: No. Your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee will not be able to vote your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock without
instructions from you. Please follow the procedure your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee provides to vote your shares.
Without instructions, your shares will not be voted on such proposals, which will have the same effect as if you voted
“AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, but

 
9



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 19/217

Table of Contents

 will have no effect on the approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal.

 
Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?
 

A: Most Hawaiian Telcom stockholders hold their shares through a broker or other nominee rather than directly in their own name.

If your shares are registered directly in your name with Hawaiian Telcom’s transfer agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, LLC, you are considered, with respect to those shares, the stockholder of record, and these proxy materials are being
sent directly to you by Hawaiian Telcom. As the stockholder of record, you have the right to grant your voting proxy directly to
Hawaiian Telcom or to a third party, or to vote in person at the special meeting. Hawaiian Telcom has enclosed a proxy card for
you to use.

If your shares are held in a brokerage account or by another nominee, you are considered the beneficial owner of shares held in
“street name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you together with a voting instruction form on behalf of your
broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank, trustee or other
nominee how to vote and you also are invited to attend the special meeting. Your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee has
enclosed or provided voting instructions for you to use in directing the broker, bank, trustee or other nominee in how to vote your
shares. Because a beneficial owner is not the stockholder of record, you may not vote these shares in person at the special meeting
unless you obtain a “legal proxy” from the broker, bank, trustee or other nominee that holds your shares, giving you the right to
vote the shares at the special meeting.

 
Q: If I am planning on attending the special meeting in person, should I still submit a proxy?
 

A: Yes. Whether or not you plan to attend the special meeting, you should submit a proxy. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
will not be voted if the holder of such shares does not submit a proxy and then does not vote in person at the special meeting.

 
Q: What do I do if I want to change my vote after I have delivered my proxy card?
 

A: You may change your vote at any time prior to the vote at the special meeting. If you are the stockholder of record, you may
change your vote by submitting a new proxy bearing a later date (which automatically revokes the earlier proxy), by providing a
written notice of revocation to the Secretary of Hawaiian Telcom prior to your shares being voted, or by attending the special
meeting and voting your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in person. Attendance at the special meeting will not cause
your previously granted proxy to be revoked unless you specifically make that request. For shares you hold beneficially in “street
name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you will need to follow the instructions provided to you by your broker,
bank, trustee or other nominee in order to revoke your proxy or submit new voting instructions.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials for the special meeting?
 

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials for the special meeting and the materials may include multiple proxy cards
or voting instruction forms. For example, you will receive a separate voting instruction form for each brokerage account in which
you hold shares. If you are a holder of record registered in more than one name, you will receive more than one proxy card. Please
complete, sign, date and return each proxy card and voting instruction form that you receive according to the instructions on it to
ensure that all of your shares are voted.

 
10



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 20/217

Table of Contents

Q: What is householding and how does it affect me?
 

A: The SEC permits companies to send a single set of proxy materials to any household at which two or more stockholders reside,
unless contrary instructions have been received, but only if the applicable stockholder provides advance notice and follows certain
procedures.

In such cases, each stockholder continues to receive a separate notice of the meeting and proxy card. Certain brokerage firms may
have instituted householding for beneficial owners of common stock held through brokerage firms. If your family has multiple
accounts holding common stock, you may have already received householding notification from your broker. Please contact your
broker directly if you have any questions or require additional copies of this document. The broker will arrange for delivery of a
separate copy of this document promptly upon your written or oral request. You may decide at any time to revoke your decision to
household, and thereby receive multiple copies.

 
Q: Am I entitled to exercise appraisal rights instead of receiving the merger consideration for my shares of common stock?
 

A: Yes. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders may exercise appraisal rights in connection with the merger under Delaware law. For more
information, please see the section titled “The Merger—Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 118.

 
Q: If I am a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder, how do I make an election to receive the share consideration, mixed consideration

or cash consideration?
 

A: Hawaiian Telcom will mail separately, to each holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, an election form. Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders should read the instructions to the election form, and complete, sign and return it with their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock or appropriate customary guarantee of delivery before the election deadline. Hawaiian Telcom and
Cincinnati Bell have mutually agreed pursuant to the merger agreement that the deadline for submitting a properly completed and
signed election form will be 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell agree is as near as
practicable to two business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger. Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell will
cooperate to publicly announce by press release the election deadline at least five business days prior to the election deadline. An
election will be considered to have been made properly only if the exchange agent receives by the election deadline an election
form properly completed and signed and accompanied by, as applicable: certificates representing shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock to which the election form relates, duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the books
of Hawaiian Telcom, an appropriate customary guarantee of delivery of such certificates, as set forth in such election form, from a
firm that is an “eligible guarantor institution” (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act) (provided such certificates
are then delivered to the exchange agent by the time required in such guarantee of delivery) or, in the case of book-entry shares,
any additional documents specified in the procedures set forth in the election form. For further information, please see the section
titled “The Merger—Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election Materials and Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration
Procedures” beginning on pages 66-68.

If you need to obtain an election form, please contact Georgeson at (800) 457-0759. If you make no election with respect to your
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock by the election deadline and have not properly demanded appraisal in accordance with
the DGCL then you will receive the mixed consideration for your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

The election form and proxy card are separate documents and should each be completed in their entirety and sent to the
appropriate addressee as directed in the instructions accompanying such materials. In lieu of completing a proxy card, you may
also vote by telephone or over the Internet. For further information, please see the section titled “Special Meeting of Hawaiian
Telcom Stockholders—Voting of Proxies” beginning on page 57.

 
Q: Can I revoke or change my election after I mail my election form?
 

A: Yes. You may revoke or change your election by sending written notice of such revocation or change to the exchange agent for the
merger, which notice must be received by the exchange agent prior to the election

 
11



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 21/217

Table of Contents

 

deadline noted above. In the event an election is revoked, under the merger agreement the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock represented by such election will be treated as shares in respect of which no election has been made and will receive the
mixed consideration, except to the extent a subsequent election is properly made by the Hawaiian Telcom stockholder during the
election period. If the merger is not completed, termination of the merger agreement will result in the revocation of all election
forms delivered to the exchange agent prior to such termination. For further information, please see the section titled “The Merger
—Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election Materials and Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration Procedures”
beginning on pages 66-68.

 
Q: Can I sell my Hawaiian Telcom shares after I mail my election form?
 

A: Once you properly submit a completed and signed election form and related documentation as required thereby selecting the type
of consideration you wish to receive in the merger, you will not be able to transfer your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
unless you revoke your election in accordance with the instructions set by the exchange agent to have your shares returned to you
prior to the election deadline. Therefore, from the election deadline until the completion of the merger, Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders will not be able to transfer (including by sale) their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for which a properly
completed and signed election form has been submitted (and not previously revoked prior to the election deadline), unless the
merger agreement is terminated. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who wish to retain the ability to transfer (including by sale) their
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock between the election deadline and the completion of the merger should not return the
election form. However, by not returning an election form, a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder is giving up the choice to elect such
holder’s preferred form of consideration, subject to the proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, and will instead
receive the mixed consideration.

 
Q: What happens if I do not make an election or my election form is not received before the election deadline?
 

A: Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for which no effective election has been made by the election deadline and for which
appraisal has not been demanded in accordance with the DGCL will receive the mixed consideration for such shares. Therefore,
upon completion of the merger, each of such shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be converted into the right to receive
0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares, and $18.45 in cash, without interest. For further
information, please see the section titled “The Merger—Merger Consideration”, “The Merger—Election Materials and
Procedures” and “The Merger—Proration Procedures” beginning on pages 66-68.

 
Q: How do I exchange my Hawaiian Telcom shares for merger consideration?
 

A: As promptly as practicable (and in no event later than the third business day) following the effective time of the merger, the
exchange agent appointed by Cincinnati Bell will mail to each holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders that have properly made an election) entitled to merger consideration (i) a letter of transmittal and
(ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (if such shares have not already
been surrendered with an election form) in exchange for the merger consideration. You should read these instructions carefully.
Assuming that you complete and submit the election form in accordance with their respective instructions and surrender your
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for cancellation, you will not need to take any further action in order to receive the
merger consideration.

 
Q: How will I receive the merger consideration to which I am entitled?
 

A: You will be paid the merger consideration to which you are entitled upon (i) in the case of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock represented by a certificate, the surrender of such certificate for cancelation to the exchange agent or (ii) in the case of
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held in book-entry form, the receipt of an “agent’s message” by the exchange agent, in
each case, together with the associated letter of

 
12



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 22/217

Table of Contents

 

transmittal, duly, completely and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other documents as may
be reasonably required by the exchange agent. More information on the documentation you are required to deliver to the exchange
agent may be found under the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Payment of the Merger Consideration” beginning on page
128. Any Cincinnati Bell common shares that you receive in the merger will be issued in book-entry form and you will receive
cash in lieu of any fractional Cincinnati Bell common shares. No interest will be paid or will accrue on any cash amounts received
as merger consideration or in lieu of any fractional Cincinnati Bell common shares.

 
Q: Should I send in my stock certificates or other evidence of ownership now?
 

A: No. Do not send in your certificates now. You will receive separate detailed written instructions for making your election and
surrendering your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Please only send in your certificates once you receive these
instructions. If your shares of common stock are held in “street name” by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you may
receive instructions from your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee as to what action, if any, you need to take to make an
election and/or effect the surrender of your “street name” shares in exchange for the merger consideration.

 
Q: I do not know where my stock certificate is—how will I get the merger consideration for my shares?
 

A: The election form you will receive prior to the special meeting and, if the merger is completed, the transmittal materials you will
receive after the completion of the merger will include the procedures that you must follow if you cannot locate your stock
certificate. This will include an affidavit that you will need to sign attesting to the loss of your stock certificate. Hawaiian Telcom
may also require that you provide a customary indemnity agreement to Hawaiian Telcom in order to cover any potential loss.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my Hawaiian Telcom shares after the record date but before the special meeting?
 

A: The record date of the special meeting is earlier than the date of the special meeting and the date that the merger is expected to be
completed. If you transfer your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock after the record date but before the date of the special
meeting, you will retain your right to vote at the special meeting (provided that such shares remain outstanding on the date of the
special meeting), but you will not have the right to receive the merger consideration to be received by Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders in the merger. In order to receive the merger consideration, you must hold your shares through the completion of the
merger.

 
Q: Is completion of the merger subject to any conditions?
 

A: Yes. In addition to the adoption of the merger agreement by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, completion of the merger requires the
receipt of the necessary regulatory approvals and the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver of the other
conditions specified in the merger agreement. Certain additional questions and answers regarding conditions to completion of the
merger follow below. For a more complete summary of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of
the merger, please see the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on
page 137.

 
Q: Is Cincinnati Bell’s obligation to complete the merger subject to Cincinnati Bell receiving financing?
 

A: No. Cincinnati Bell’s obligations under the merger agreement are not subject to any condition regarding its ability to finance, or
obtain financing for, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger. For more information
regarding financing, see the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Financing” beginning on page 136.

 
13



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 23/217

Table of Contents

Q: Is completion of the merger contingent upon approval of Cincinnati Bell shareholders?
 

A: No. A vote of Cincinnati Bell’s shareholders is not required to complete the merger.

 
Q: Will Hawaiian Telcom be required to submit the proposal to adopt the merger agreement to Hawaiian Telcom

stockholders even if the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors withdraws or modifies its recommendation that Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders adopt the merger agreement or recommends an alternative takeover proposal?

 

A: Yes. If the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors withdraws or modifies its recommendation, or recommends any alternative
takeover proposal, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors will nonetheless continue to be obligated to call, give notice of, convene
and hold the special meeting and submit the proposals described in this proxy statement/prospectus to Hawaiian Telcom’s
stockholders, unless Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom terminates the merger agreement prior to the special meeting. For more
information regarding the ability of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to terminate the merger agreement, see the section titled
“The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” beginning on page 138.

 
Q: When do you expect to complete the merger?
 

A: Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom are working to complete the merger as promptly as practicable. Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom currently expect to complete the merger in the second half of 2018, subject to the receipt of Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder approval, regulatory approvals and other usual and customary closing conditions. However, no assurance can be
given as to when, or whether, the merger will occur.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement or if the merger is not completed for any other reason,
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in connection
with the merger. Instead, Hawaiian Telcom would remain an independent public company and shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock would continue to be listed and traded on the NASDAQ. Furthermore, depending on the circumstances that caused
the merger not to be completed, the price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock may decline significantly, and if that were to occur,
it is uncertain when, if ever, the price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock would return to the price at which it trades as of the date
of this document. Under specified circumstances, Hawaiian Telcom may be required to pay Cincinnati Bell a breakup fee of
$11.94 million as described in the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Expenses and Termination Fees; Liability for Breach”
beginning on page 139.

 
Q: What will happen if stockholders do not approve the advisory say-on-compensation proposal?
 

A: The approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal is not a condition to the completion of the merger, is an advisory vote
and will not be binding on Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell. If the merger agreement is adopted by the stockholders and the
merger is completed, the merger-related compensation may be paid or become payable to Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive
officers in connection with the merger even if stockholders fail to approve this proposal.

 
Q: Whom can I contact with questions about the special meeting or the merger and related matters?
 

A: If you have any questions about the merger and the other matters contemplated by this document or how to submit your proxy or
voting instruction form or if you need additional copies of this document or the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form,
you should contact Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy solicitor, Innisfree M&A Incorporated, 501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor, New York,
NY 10022. Stockholders may call toll-free at (888) 750-5834. Banks and brokers may call collect at (212) 750-5833. You may
also contact Hawaiian Telcom, Attention: Investor Relations, 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, HI 96813, telephone: (808) 546-
4511.

 
14



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 24/217

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

The Companies

(see page 64)

Cincinnati Bell Inc.
221 East Fourth Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
(513) 397-9900

Cincinnati Bell Inc., an Ohio corporation (“Cincinnati Bell”), together with its subsidiaries, provides integrated
communications and IT solutions for residential and business customers. Through its Entertainment and Communications business
segment, Cincinnati Bell provides high-speed data, video and voice solutions to consumers and businesses over an expanding fiber
network and a legacy copper network. In addition, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Cincinnati Bell Technology Solutions Inc.
(“CBTS”), Cincinnati Bell provides customers across the United States with the sale and service of efficient, end-to-end
communications and IT systems and solutions.

Additional information about Cincinnati Bell and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus. For further information, please see the section titled “The Companies” beginning on page 64 of this
proxy statement/prospectus and the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Twin Acquisition Corp.
221 East Fourth Street
Cincinnati, Ohio 45202
(513) 397-9900

Twin Acquisition Corp., a Delaware Corporation (“Merger Sub”), is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell and
was formed solely for the purpose of facilitating the merger. Upon completing the merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist. For
further information, please see the section titled “The Companies” beginning on page 64 of this proxy statement/prospectus and
the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
1177 Bishop Street
Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813
(808) 546-4511

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Hawaiian Telcom”), is a holding company that, together with its
subsidiaries, is the incumbent local exchange carrier for the State of Hawai‘i with an integrated telecommunications network.
Hawaiian Telcom offers a variety of telecommunication services to residential and business customers in Hawai‘i including local
telephone, network access and data transport, television, Internet, long distance and wireless phone service. Hawaiian Telcom also
provides communications equipment sales and maintenance, data center colocation and network managed services.

Additional information about Hawaiian Telcom and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference into
this proxy statement/prospectus. For further information, please see the section titled “The Companies” beginning on page 64 of
this proxy statement/prospectus and the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.
 

 
15



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 25/217

Table of Contents

The Merger and the Merger Agreement

(see pages 66 and 124)

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom agreed to the combination of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom under the terms of
the merger agreement that is described in this proxy statement/prospectus. In the merger, Merger Sub will merge with and into
Hawaiian Telcom. Hawaiian Telcom will be the surviving corporation in the merger and will become a direct wholly owned
subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement/prospectus, and both
Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom encourage you to read it carefully and in its entirety as well as this proxy
statement/prospectus before making any decisions regarding the merger.

Merger Consideration

(see page 66)

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the completion of the merger (other than shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that are held by Hawaiian Telcom as treasury
stock, are held by Cincinnati Bell or Merger Sub or are owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati
Bell or Hawaiian Telcom, and dissenting shares as described below (collectively, the “excepted shares”)) will be converted into the
right to receive, at the holder’s election and subject to proration as set forth in the merger agreement and described below, any of
the following forms of consideration (the “merger consideration”):
 

 •  1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “share consideration”);
 

 
•  0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the

“mixed consideration”); or
 

 •  $30.75 in cash, without interest (the “cash consideration”).

We refer to an election to receive the share consideration as a “share election”, an election to receive the mixed consideration
as a “mixed election” and an election to receive the cash consideration as a “cash election”.

Election Materials and Procedures

(see page 67)

Hawaiian Telcom will mail separately, to each holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, an election form. Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders should read the instructions to the election form, and complete, sign and return it with their Cincinnati Bell
common shares or appropriate customary guarantee of delivery before the election deadline. Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell
have mutually agreed pursuant to the merger agreement that the deadline for submitting a properly completed and signed election
form will be 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell agree is as near as practicable to two
business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger. Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell will cooperate to publicly
announce by press release the election deadline at least five business days prior to the election deadline. An election will be
considered to have been made properly only if the exchange agent receives by the election deadline an election form properly
completed and signed and accompanied by, as applicable: certificates representing shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to
which the election form relates, duly endorsed in blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the books of Hawaiian
Telcom, an appropriate customary guarantee of delivery of such certificates, as set forth in such election form, from a firm that is
an “eligible guarantor institution” (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act) (provided such certificates are then
delivered to the exchange agent by the time required in such guarantee of delivery) or, in the case of book-entry shares, any
additional documents specified in the procedures set forth in the election form.
 

 
16



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 26/217

Table of Contents

If a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder does not make a valid election as to the form of merger consideration before the election
deadline and has not properly demanded appraisal in accordance with the DGCL, all of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock will be converted into the right to receive the mixed consideration.

Proration Procedures

(see page 68)

The merger consideration to be paid to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders is subject to allocation procedures that are designed to
ensure that the total amount of cash paid and the total number of Cincinnati Bell common shares issued in the merger, as a whole,
will equal the total amount of cash and number of shares that would have been paid and issued if all Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders received the mixed consideration in respect of all of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

Whether a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder receives the amount of cash and/or shares they request in their election form will
depend in part on the elections of other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. If you make a mixed election with respect to any shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares. If you make a share election
or a cash election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you may not receive the exact form of
consideration that you elect in respect of such shares. If you make no election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock and do not properly demand appraisal in accordance with the DGCL, you will receive the mixed consideration in
respect of such shares.

The greater the oversubscription of the share election, the fewer shares and more cash a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
making the share election will receive. Similarly, the greater the oversubscription of the cash election, the less cash and more
shares a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the cash election will receive. However, in no event will a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who makes the cash election or the share election receive less cash and more Cincinnati Bell common shares, or fewer
shares Cincinnati Bell common shares and more cash, respectively, than a stockholder who makes the mixed election.

Financing of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger

(see page 142)

Cincinnati Bell’s obligation to complete the merger is not contingent upon receipt by Cincinnati Bell of any financing.
Cincinnati Bell plans to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration from a combination of cash on hand and debt financing,
which may include some combination of a senior secured revolving credit facility, senior secured term loan facilities and senior
unsecured notes, as described below.

On July 9, 2017, in connection with entering into the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell entered into a commitment letter
with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., which was amended and restated on July 24, 2017 (as amended and restated, the
“commitment letter”) to, among other things, join PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup
Global Markets Inc. and Citizens Bank, N.A. with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as initial lenders (collectively, the
“commitment parties”). Under the commitment letter, the commitment parties agreed to provide $1.13 billion in credit facilities,
consisting of a $180 million senior secured revolving credit facility and $950 million in senior secured term loan facilities.

On October 2, 2017, Cincinnati Bell entered into a new credit agreement, consisting of a five-year $200 million senior
secured revolving credit facility (representing a $20 million increase to the commitments available under the commitment letter)
and a seven-year $600 million senior secured term loan facility. The revolving credit facility was undrawn at the closing thereof.
Amounts borrowed and repaid under the revolving credit facility may be reborrowed until maturity and the revolving credit facility
may be prepaid without penalty. The term loan facility must be drawn in a single drawing on the closing date of such term loan
facility. Amounts
 

 
17



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 27/217

Table of Contents

repaid under the term loan facilities may not be reborrowed and any prepayment within the first 180 days after the earliest of (i)
the closing of the merger, (ii) the final closing date of the term loan facilities and the funding of a portion of the proceeds of the
term loan facilities into escrow to fund in part the cash portion of the merger consideration, (iii) the issuance of the senior
unsecured notes by CB Escrow Corp. to fund in part the cash portion of the merger consideration (or the funding of the proceeds
into escrow) and (iv) the termination of the merger agreement will be subject to a prepayment premium of 1.00%.

The closing of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility reduced the aggregate amount of revolving commitments
available under the commitment letter to $0 and the amount of term loan commitments available under the commitment letter to
$350 million. Upon the issuance of the senior unsecured notes, as described below, the aggregate commitments in respect of the
term loan facilities under the commitment letter will be further reduced to $0.

On September 22, 2017, Cincinnati Bell announced the pricing of a private offering of $350 million aggregate principal
amount of 8.00% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “notes”) by CB Escrow Corp., an Ohio corporation and wholly owned
subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell (the “escrow issuer”). At the closing of the merger, the escrow issuer will merge with and into
Cincinnati Bell (the “escrow merger”), with Cincinnati Bell continuing as the surviving corporation. At the time of the escrow
merger, Cincinnati Bell will assume the obligations of the escrow issuer under the notes and the related indenture (the “notes
assumption”). Prior to the notes assumption, the notes will not be guaranteed. From and after the notes assumption, the notes will
be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, by certain of Cincinnati Bell’s existing and future domestic
subsidiaries. The offering of notes is expected to close on October 6, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing
conditions.

Proceeds from the term loan facilities and the notes will be used, together with cash on hand and borrowings under the
receivables facility, for the purposes of (a) refinancing Cincinnati Bell’s existing credit facilities, refinancing existing indebtedness
of Hawaiian Telcom, funding in part the cash portion of the merger consideration and paying costs and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger and related transactions, (b) funding the purchase price for the acquisition of OnX Holdings LLC by
Cincinnati Bell and paying costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith and (c) funding working capital and other general
corporate purposes.

For more information on the financing of the merger, see the section titled “Financing of the Merger and Indebtedness
Following the Merger” beginning on page 142 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards

(see page 111)

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding rollover RSU will be converted into a time-based RSU of Cincinnati
Bell, with respect to a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by
multiplying the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to such rollover RSU by a ratio based upon the value
of the mixed consideration, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such rollover RSU
immediately prior to the completion of the merger, with any applicable performance criteria deemed satisfied at target levels.

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding cash-out RSU will be canceled and converted into the right to receive in
respect of each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to each cash-out RSU (i) the merger consideration (as determined
by the holder’s election or non-election, as applicable, of the share consideration, mixed consideration or cash consideration) and
(ii) a cash payment equal to any accrued dividend equivalents in respect of each such RSU, with any applicable performance
criteria based upon actual performance as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors in consultation with Cincinnati Bell in respect of any performance period that has not
concluded prior to the effective time of the merger.
 

 
18



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 28/217

Table of Contents

Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders

(see page 55)

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting is scheduled to be held at the headquarters of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop Street,
Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813 on November 7, 2017 at 8:00 a.m., local time.

Purpose

At the special meeting, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:
 

 (1) to adopt the merger agreement (attached as Annex A to this document) (the “merger agreement proposal”);
 

 
(2) to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation (the “advisory say-on-compensation

proposal”); and
 

 
(3) to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of

the proposal to adopt the merger agreement (the “adjournment proposal”).

Hawaiian Telcom will transact no other business at the special meeting except such business that may properly come before
the special meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay of the special meeting.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

You may vote at the special meeting if Hawaiian Telcom’s records show that you held your shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock at the close of business on September 26, 2017 (the “record date”). You may cast one vote for each share of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock that you owned on the record date.

Quorum

At the close of business on the record date, there were 11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and
outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. A majority of all outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock at
the close of business on the record date and entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting, shall
constitute a quorum for the purposes of the special meeting.

Share Ownership of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Telcom and their subsidiaries were
entitled to vote 2,983,418 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, or approximately 25.7% of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock issued and outstanding on that date.

Voting and Proxies

Any stockholder of record entitled to vote at the special meeting may submit a proxy by completing, signing, dating and
returning the enclosed proxy card by mail in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or granting a proxy to vote by telephone or
electronically over the Internet, or may vote in person by appearing at the special meeting. If you are a beneficial owner and hold
your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in “street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you should
instruct your broker, bank, trustee or
 

 
19



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 29/217

Table of Contents

other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock using the instructions provided by your
broker, bank, trustee or other nominee. Under applicable stock exchange rules, brokers, banks, trustees and other nominees have
the discretion to vote on routine matters. The proposals to be considered at the special meeting include non-routine matters, and
brokers, banks, trustees and other nominees cannot vote on these proposals without your instructions. As a result, absent specific
instructions from the beneficial owner of such shares, brokers are not empowered to vote those shares, referred to generally as
“broker non-votes”. Broker non-votes will not be treated as shares that are present at the special meeting for purposes of
determining whether a quorum exists and will have the same effect as votes “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement. Broker non-votes do not count as shares entitled to vote, so they will have no effect on the approval of the advisory
say-on-compensation compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. Therefore, it is important that you cast your vote or
instruct your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted at the special
meeting by: (1) submitting a new proxy with a later date, by using the telephone or Internet proxy submission procedures
described above, or by completing, signing, dating and returning a new proxy card by mail to Hawaiian Telcom, (2) attending the
special meeting and voting in person or (3) delivering to the Secretary of Hawaiian Telcom a written notice of revocation c/o
Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813. Please note, however, that only your last-dated
proxy will count. Attendance at the special meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked without taking one
of the actions described above. Please note that if you want to revoke your proxy by mailing a new proxy card to Hawaiian Telcom
or by sending a written notice of revocation to Hawaiian Telcom, you should ensure that you send your new proxy card or written
notice of revocation in sufficient time for it to be received by Hawaiian Telcom before the special meeting.

For shares you hold beneficially in “street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you will need to follow
the instructions provided to you by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee in order to revoke your proxy or submit new voting
instructions.

All shares represented by properly executed proxies received in time for the special meeting will be voted at the special
meeting in the manner specified by the holders. Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting instructions will be voted
“FOR” the merger agreement proposal, “FOR” the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, and “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Vote Required for Adoption of Merger Agreement

(see page 56)

The merger agreement proposal must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all issued and
outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote thereon. Failures to vote, abstentions and broker non-votes
will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal.

Approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of those
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote
thereon. The vote to approve the merger-related compensation is not a condition to completion of the merger. The vote of
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders on the merger-related compensation that may be received by Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive
officers in connection with the merger is advisory in nature and will not be binding on Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom.
Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote, if the merger agreement is adopted and the merger is completed,
 

 
20



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 30/217

Table of Contents

the merger-related compensation may be paid. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the advisory say-on-
compensation proposal, while failures to vote and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the advisory vote.

Any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of those shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon, regardless of whether a quorum
is present. Unless the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned special meeting, the adjourned
special meeting is more than 30 days after the date of the original special meeting, or law otherwise requires, no notice of the
adjourned special meeting will be required so long as (i) the time and place to which the special meeting is adjourned, and the
means of remote communications, if any, by which holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock may be deemed to be present or
represented by proxy and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the original special meeting and (ii) at the adjourned
special meeting only such business is transacted as might have been transacted at the original special meeting. Abstentions will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, while failures to vote and broker non-votes
will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger

(see page 90)

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors has approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the merger and has
recommended that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. In reaching its
decision to approve and declare advisable the merger agreement and the merger and recommend to the Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders that they vote to adopt the merger agreement, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors consulted with Hawaiian
Telcom’s management and its financial and legal advisors and considered a variety of factors. Some of those factors include:
 

 
•  The aggregate value and composition of the merger consideration to be received by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in

the merger.
 

 

•  The ability of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders to choose the mixed election, share election or cash election for their
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, and that, following the merger, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who receive
Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger will have the opportunity to participate in the equity value of the combined
company.

 

 •  The premium that the merger consideration represents compared to Hawaiian Telcom’s historical trading prices.
 

 

•  The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ belief, based on discussions and negotiations with Cincinnati Bell, that $30.75
per share (based on the mixed consideration of $18.45 in cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares, utilizing the
volume-weighted average price of Cincinnati Bell common shares for the 20 calendar day period ended July 7, 2017)
was the highest price Cincinnati Bell would be willing to pay.

 

 
•  The likelihood of completing the merger, based on, among other things, the limited number of conditions to the merger

including the lack of a financing condition.
 

 
•  The potential termination fee of $11.94 million payable by Hawaiian Telcom to Cincinnati Bell under the circumstances

specified in the merger agreement.
 

 
•  The interests of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors as discussed under “The Merger—Interests of Hawaiian

Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 112.
 

 
21



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 31/217

Table of Contents

Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor

(see page 95)

On July 9, 2017, at a meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors held to evaluate the merger, UBS Securities LLC
(“UBS”) delivered to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was subsequently confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion, dated July 9, 2017, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions
made, matters considered and limitations described in its written opinion, the aggregate merger consideration (as defined under the
heading “The Merger—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”) to be received in the merger by holders of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock (other than holders of excepted shares) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of UBS’s written opinion describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations on the review undertaken by UBS. This opinion is attached as Annex C and is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus in its entirety. Holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are encouraged to read UBS’s opinion
carefully in its entirety. UBS’s opinion was provided for the benefit of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors (in its
capacity as such) in connection with, and for the purpose of, its evaluation of the aggregate merger consideration to be
received by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in the merger from a financial point of view and does not address
any other aspect or implication of the merger or the merger agreement, including, without limitation, the relative merits of
the merger as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available with respect to Hawaiian
Telcom or Hawaiian Telcom’s underlying business decision to effect the merger. The opinion does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to how such stockholder should vote or act with respect to the merger. In addition,
the opinion does not address, or constitute a recommendation with respect to, any particular stockholder election, and UBS
expressed no opinion as to the proration mechanisms, procedures and limitations contained in the merger agreement.

Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

(see page 112)

The directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Telcom have certain interests in the merger that are different from, or in
addition to, those of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders generally. These interests include, among others, potential severance benefits
and other payments, the treatment of outstanding equity awards pursuant to the merger agreement, rights to ongoing
indemnification and insurance coverage and the potential to serve on Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors following the completion
of the merger. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors was aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in
reaching its decision to (i) approve and adopt the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) adopt, approve and
declare advisable the merger agreement; and (iii) resolve to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement to Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders. See the section titled “The Merger—Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger”
for a more detailed description of these interests.

Board of Directors and Executive Officers After the Merger

(see page 117)

Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Cincinnati Bell After the Merger

The composition of the board of directors and executive officers of Cincinnati Bell will not change as a result of the merger,
except that pursuant to the merger agreement, unless the merger agreement is terminated or the completion of the merger does not
occur, Cincinnati Bell will appoint to its board of directors two persons selected by Hawaiian Telcom, subject to approval of such
persons by the Cincinnati Bell board of directors (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The two new directors
will be in addition to the nine directors serving on the Cincinnati Bell board of directors immediately prior to the effective time of
the merger.
 

 
22



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 32/217

Table of Contents

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have not made a determination as to
which two directors would be selected by Hawaiian Telcom to be appointed to Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors.

Board of Directors and Executive Officers of the Surviving Corporation After the Merger

As of the effective time of the merger, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will
be the directors of Hawaiian Telcom, as the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of the merger, until
their respective successors are duly appointed and qualified, or until their earlier resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The officers of Hawaiian Telcom immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger shall continue as the officers of the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of
the merger until their respective successors are duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in
accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The board of directors of the surviving
corporation will include individuals who are domiciled in Hawai‘i.

New York Stock Exchange Listing of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Hawaiian Telcom
Stock

(see page 123)

It is a condition to the completion of the merger that the Cincinnati Bell common shares issuable as merger consideration be
approved for listing on the New York Stock Exchange (“NYSE”), subject to official notice of issuance. It is expected that
following the merger, Cincinnati Bell common shares will continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol “CBB”.

If the merger is completed, Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be delisted from the Nasdaq Stock Market (“NASDAQ”)
and deregistered under the Exchange Act, and, accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom will no longer be a public company or be required to
file periodic reports with the SEC with respect to Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

(see page 117)

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom intend to make all required filings as promptly as practicable. The management of each
of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently believe that the necessary regulatory approvals can be obtained by the second
half of 2018; however, there can be no assurances that such approvals will be obtained in accordance with this timing or at all.

The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the
“Hart-Scott-Rodino Act”) and the rules promulgated by the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), which prevent transactions such
as the merger from being completed until (i) certain information and materials are furnished to Department of Justice (“DOJ”) and
the FTC and (ii) the applicable waiting period is terminated or expires. On September 1, 2017, both Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom filed their respective Notification and Report Forms with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ. The 30-day
statutory waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act expired at 11:59 p.m. New York time on October 2, 2017.

In addition, completion of the merger is also conditioned upon the receipt of approvals from the Federal Communications
Commission (“FCC”), the State of Hawai‘i Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs and the Hawai‘i Public Utilities
Commission. There can be no assurance that the requisite FCC and state approvals will be obtained on a timely basis or at all.
 

 
23



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 33/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom also intend to make all required filings under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
relating to the merger and obtain all other approvals and consents which may be necessary to give effect to the merger.

Appraisal Rights

(see page 118)

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, who continuously
hold their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time and who properly demand appraisal of their shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL, which we refer to as
“Section 262”, will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with the merger under Section 262. This means that
holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who may exercise appraisal rights and who also have properly exercised,
perfected and not lost those appraisal rights are entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to
receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, exclusive of any elements of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest (subject to certain exceptions) to be paid on
the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, so long as those holders comply
exactly with the procedures established by Section 262.

Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and which are
held by a stockholder who has made and not withdrawn a proper demand for appraisal rights in compliance with the requirements
of Section 262 are referred to as “dissenting shares”.

Due to the complexity of the appraisal process, stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights.
Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined pursuant to
Section 262 could be more than, the same as or less than the value of the merger consideration.

To perfect your appraisal rights, you must follow exactly the procedures specified under Section 262, including, (i) delivering
a written demand for appraisal that complies with Section 262 to Hawaiian Telcom before the vote is taken on the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement; (ii) not submitting a proxy or otherwise voting in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement; and (iii) continuing to hold your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock of record through the effective time. Your
failure to follow exactly the procedures specified under Section 262 will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. If you hold your
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal
rights, you should consult with your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for the making
of a demand for appraisal by such bank, brokerage firm or nominee. The Section 262 requirements for exercising appraisal rights
are described in further detail in this proxy statement/prospectus in the section titled “The Merger—Appraisal Rights” beginning
on page 118, and Section 262 regarding appraisal rights is reproduced and attached as Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus.
This proxy statement/prospectus constitutes a formal notice of appraisal rights under Section 262 in connection with the merger.

No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals by Hawaiian Telcom

(see page 134)

The merger agreement contains detailed provisions that restrict Hawaiian Telcom, its affiliates and their respective
representatives from soliciting, initiating or knowingly encouraging, inducing or facilitating any other
 

 
24



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 34/217

Table of Contents

takeover proposal or inquiry that may reasonably be expected to lead to a takeover proposal. The merger agreement also generally
restricts Hawaiian Telcom, its affiliates and their respective representatives from participating in any discussions or negotiations
regarding any other takeover proposal, subject to certain limited exceptions described in the merger agreement.

No Change in Board Recommendation by the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors

(see page 135)

The board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom has agreed that it will not: (a) withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to
Cincinnati Bell, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to Cincinnati Bell, the approval,
recommendation or declaration of advisability by the board with respect to the merger agreement or the merger; (b) adopt,
recommend or declare advisable, or propose publicly to adopt, recommend or declare advisable any takeover proposal; or
(c) adopt, recommend or declare advisable, or propose publicly to adopt, recommend or declare advisable, or allow Hawaiian
Telcom to execute or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger agreement,
acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, alliance agreement, partnership agreement or other similar
agreement or arrangement constituting or related to any takeover proposal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote at a duly held meeting of such
stockholders for such purpose (such adoption, the “Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval”), the board of directors of Hawaiian
Telcom may withdraw or modify its recommendation or recommend an alternative takeover proposal if it receives a superior
proposal or the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a
financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that the failure to do so would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with
its fiduciary duties under applicable law. Prior to taking any such action, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors must inform
Cincinnati Bell of its decision to change its recommendation and specify the reasons therefor in writing and give Cincinnati Bell
three business days to respond to such decision, including by proposing changes to the merger agreement.

If the board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom withdraws or modifies its recommendation, or recommends any alternative
takeover proposal, Hawaiian Telcom will nonetheless continue to be obligated to call, give notice of, convene and hold its
stockholders meeting and submit the proposals described in this proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

(see page 137)

The respective obligations of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:
 

 
•  the merger agreement shall have been adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding

shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote at a duly held meeting of such stockholders for such purpose;
 

 
•  the approval of the Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued as merger consideration for listing on the NYSE, subject

to official notice of issuance;
 

 •  the termination or expiration of any waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act;
 

 
•  certain agreed-upon FCC consents, state regulatory consents and the local consents required in connection with the

merger have been obtained, shall not be subject to agency reconsideration or
 

 
25



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 35/217

Table of Contents

 judicial review, and the time for any person to petition for agency reconsideration or judicial review shall have expired;
 

 

•  the absence of any applicable law or judgment, whether preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal restraint or
binding order or determination by any governmental entity that prevents, restrains, enjoins, makes illegal or otherwise
prohibits the completion of the merger or imposes on either party as a condition to completion of the merger, an
obligation to take or refrain from taking, any action or actions that, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably
likely to have a material adverse effect on either Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell; and

 

 •  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part.

In addition, each of Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s obligations to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  the representations and warranties of the other party being true and correct, subject in most cases to an overall material

adverse effect qualification;
 

 
•  the other party having performed or complied with, in all material respects, all material obligations required to be

performed or complied with by it under the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  the absence, since the date of the merger agreement, of any event or development that, individually or in the aggregate,

has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the other party.

Expected Timing of the Merger

(see page 137)

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently expect to complete the merger during the second half of 2018, subject to the
receipt of required stockholder and regulatory approvals and the satisfaction or waiver of the other conditions to completion of the
merger. Because many of the conditions to completion of the merger are beyond the control of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom, exact timing for completion of the merger cannot be predicted with any amount of certainty. For more information, please
see the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 137 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

(see page 138)

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before or after receipt
of the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, under the following circumstances:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom;
 

 •  by either Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom:
 

 
•  if the merger is not completed by October 9, 2018, subject to a three-month extension under certain

circumstances;
 

 •  certain legal restraints regarding the merger become final and nonappealable;
 

 •  the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting; or
 

 
•  the other party breaches the merger agreement in a way that would entitle the party seeking to terminate the

agreement not to complete the merger, subject to the right of the breaching party to take good faith efforts to cure
the breach.

 

 
26



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 36/217

Table of Contents

 

•  by Cincinnati Bell, if prior to Hawaiian Telcom obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, the board of
directors of Hawaiian Telcom withdraws or modifies in any adverse manner, or proposes publicly to withdraw or modify
in any adverse manner, its approval or recommendation with respect to the merger, or approves or recommends, or
proposes publicly to approve or recommend, any alternative takeover proposal with a third party.

Expenses and Termination Fee

(see page 139)

With the exception of the termination fee of $11.94 million to be paid by Hawaiian Telcom to Cincinnati Bell under certain
circumstances, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses, whether or not such transactions are completed. For a
description of certain fees and expenses incurred by the parties in connection with this proxy statement/prospectus, see the section
of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders—Solicitation of Proxies” beginning
on page 59.

Upon the termination of the merger agreement under certain circumstances, including termination by Cincinnati Bell in the
event that prior to Hawaiian Telcom obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, the board of directors of Hawaiian
Telcom withdraws or modifies in any adverse manner, or proposes publicly to withdraw or modify in any adverse manner, its
approval or recommendation with respect to the merger, or approves or recommends, or proposes publicly to approve or
recommend, any alternative takeover proposal with a third party, then Hawaiian Telcom may be obligated to pay Cincinnati Bell a
termination fee of $11.94 million.

Effect on Hawaiian Telcom if Merger Is Not Completed

(see page 66)

If the merger agreement is not adopted or if the merger is not completed for any other reason, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders
will not receive any payment for their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Instead, Hawaiian Telcom will remain an
independent public company, shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will continue to be listed and traded on NASDAQ and
registered under the Exchange Act, and Hawaiian Telcom will continue to file periodic and current reports with the SEC. If the
merger is not completed, depending on the circumstances that caused the merger not to be completed, the price of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock may decline significantly, and if that were to occur, it is uncertain when, if ever, the price of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock would return to the price at which it trades as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus. Under
specified circumstances, Hawaiian Telcom will be required to pay Cincinnati Bell a termination fee of $11.94 million upon the
termination of the merger agreement. For more details, see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Merger—
Effect on Hawaiian Telcom if the Merger is Not Completed” beginning on page 66.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

(see page 149)

The merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, a U.S. Holder (as defined below in
the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—General”) generally will recognize capital gain or loss equal
to the difference, if any, between (1) the sum of any cash received by such U.S. Holder in the merger, including any cash received
in lieu of fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares, and the fair market value of any Cincinnati Bell common shares
received by such U.S. Holder in the merger, and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Hawaiian Telcom common stock.
 

 
27



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 37/217

Table of Contents

Except in certain specific circumstances described in “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—The Merger”, a
Non-U.S. Holder (as defined below in the section titled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—General”) generally
will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on any gain recognized on the exchange of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock for any Cincinnati Bell common shares and/or cash in the merger.

Please refer to “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences—The Merger” beginning on page 150 of this proxy
statement/prospectus for a description of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. Determining the
actual tax consequences of the merger to you may be complex and will depend on your specific situation. You should consult
your tax advisor for a full understanding of the tax consequences of the merger to you.

Withholding Taxes

Cincinnati Bell and the exchange agent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from consideration payable to any Hawaiian
Telcom stockholder the amounts that may be required to be withheld under any applicable tax law. Amounts withheld and paid
over to the applicable governmental entity will be treated for all purposes of the merger as having been paid to the stockholders
from whom such amounts were withheld.

Accounting Treatment

(see page 148)

In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, Cincinnati Bell will account for the merger
using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Cincinnati Bell will be treated as the acquirer for
accounting purposes.

Comparison of Shareholders’ Rights

(see page 159)

The rights of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, including the DGCL,
Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws (as
amended, “Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws”). Your rights as a shareholder of Cincinnati Bell will be governed by
the laws of the State of Ohio, including the General Corporation Law of Ohio (“OGCL”), Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
articles of incorporation (as amended, “Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation”) and Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated regulations. Your rights under the laws of the State of Delaware, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws will differ in some respects from your rights
under the laws of the State of Ohio, Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated regulations. For more detailed information regarding a comparison of your rights as a stockholder of
Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell, see the section titled “Comparison of Shareholders’ Rights” beginning on page 159 of this
proxy statement/prospectus.

The Voting Agreement

(see page 145)

On July 9, 2017, concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell entered into a voting agreement
(the “voting agreement”) with Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C. and certain of its affiliates (collectively, the “Twin Haven
Stockholders”), who, collectively and in the aggregate, hold voting power over
 

 
28



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 38/217

Table of Contents

approximately 22.5% of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Pursuant to the voting agreement, each Twin Haven
Stockholder has agreed, among other things, to vote all of their Subject Shares (as defined under the section titled “The Voting
Agreement” beginning on page 145 of this proxy statement/prospectus) in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. The
Subject Shares will not exceed 25% of the total number of outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock at any time. In
addition, each Twin Haven Stockholder has irrevocably appointed Cincinnati Bell, and any other individual designated in writing
by Cincinnati Bell, as their proxy and attorney-in-fact to vote all of their respective Subject Shares in accordance the voting
agreement.

The voting agreement will terminate upon completion of the special meeting of the stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom at
which a proposal to adopt the merger agreement is voted upon or if the merger agreement is terminated. The voting agreement will
also terminate if the merger agreement is amended or otherwise modified without any Twin Haven Stockholder’s prior written
consent so as to (1) decrease the merger consideration, (2) change the form of merger consideration or (3) otherwise affect such
Twin Haven Stockholder in an adverse manner.

The voting agreement is attached hereto as Annex B.

The OnX Acquisition

(see page 147)

On October 2, 2017, Cincinnati Bell completed its previously announced acquisition of OnX Holdings LLC, a Delaware
limited liability company (“OnX”), pursuant to an agreement and plan of merger, dated July 9, 2017 (the “OnX merger
agreement”), by and among Cincinnati Bell, OnX, Yankee Acquisition LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly
owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell (“OnX Merger Sub”), and, solely in its capacity as representative of the Unitholders, MLN
Holder Rep LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “OnX Unitholder Representative”). Pursuant to the OnX merger
agreement, OnX Merger Sub merged with and into OnX, with OnX continuing as the surviving company and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell (the “OnX acquisition”).

As a result of the OnX acquisition, Cincinnati Bell paid the holders of OnX’s limited liability company interests (the
“Unitholders”) aggregate merger consideration of $201 million in cash, without interest, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to
customary post-closing adjustments.

Nonbinding, Advisory Vote to Approve Merger-Related Compensation

(see page 62)

Hawaiian Telcom is requesting the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-
related compensation.
 

 
29



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 39/217

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CINCINNATI BELL

The following table sets forth selected historical consolidated financial data of Cincinnati Bell. The selected historical
consolidated financial data of Cincinnati Bell as of and for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012 have
been derived from Cincinnati Bell’s historical audited consolidated financial statements. Cincinnati Bell’s historical audited
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and historical audited consolidated statement of operations and
cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by
reference to Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. The historical audited
consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2014 and 2013 and the historical audited consolidated statement of operations
and cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 have been derived from Cincinnati Bell’s historical audited
consolidated financial statements included in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31,
2014, which has not been incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The historical audited consolidated
balance sheet data as of December 31, 2012 has been derived from Cincinnati Bell’s historical audited consolidated balance sheet
as of December 31, 2012 included in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2013, which
has not been incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical consolidated financial data of Cincinnati
Bell as of June 30, 2017 and for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2017 and 2016 have been derived from Cincinnati Bell’s
historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter
ended June 30, 2017, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. The selected historical consolidated
financial data of Cincinnati Bell as of June 30, 2016 has been derived from Cincinnati Bell’s historical unaudited condensed
consolidated financial statements contained in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, which has
not been incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. In the opinion of Cincinnati Bell’s management, the
unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Cincinnati Bell have been prepared on the same basis as its audited
consolidated financial statements and include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair
statement of the financial position of Cincinnati Bell as of June 30, 2017 and its results of operations for the six-month periods
ended June 30, 2017 and 2016. Results of interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for a full year or for
future periods.
 

 
30



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 40/217

Table of Contents

The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future results and should be read together with the other
information contained in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and Cincinnati
Bell’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, including the sections titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related
notes therein. See the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy statement/prospectus.
 
  

Six Months Ended
June 30,   Year Ended December 31,  

  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013(a)   2012(a)  
  Unaudited                 
  (In millions, except per share data)  
Operating Data(b)        
Revenue  $ 572.2  $ 588.1  $1,185.8  $1,167.8  $1,161.5  $1,073.4  $1,251.5 
Cost of services and products, selling, general and

administrative, depreciation and amortization
expense   525.1   531.1   1,079.8   1,031.3   979.5   877.6   1,018.0 

Other operating costs and losses(c)   31.5   —     13.0   8.5   5.1   56.0   20.3 
Operating income   15.6   57.0   93.0   128.0   176.9   139.8   213.2 
Interest expense   36.1   40.2   75.7   103.1   145.9   176.0   211.2 
Loss on extinguishment of debt, net   —     2.8   19.0   20.9   19.6   29.6   13.6 
Loss from CyrusOne investment(d)   —     —     —     5.1   7.0   10.7   —   
Gain on sale of CyrusOne investment   (117.7)   (118.6)   (157.0)   (449.2)   (192.8)   —     —   
Income (loss) from continuing operations   98.2   133.7   101.8   290.8   117.7   (64.9)   (18.8) 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of

tax(e)   —     —     0.3   62.9   (42.1)   10.2   30.0 
Net income (loss)   62.5   84.6   102.1   353.7   75.6   (54.7)   11.2 
Basic earnings (loss) per common share from

continuing operations  $ 1.36  $ 1.89  $ 2.17  $ 6.69  $ 2.57  $ (1.83)  $ (0.74) 
Basic earnings (loss) per common share from

discontinued operations  $ —    $ —    $ 0.01  $ 1.50  $ (1.01)  $ 0.25  $ 0.76 
Basic earnings (loss) per common share  $ 1.36  $ 1.89  $ 2.18  $ 8.19  $ 1.56  $ (1.58)  $ 0.02 
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share from

continuing operations  $ 1.35  $ 1.89  $ 2.17  $ 6.68  $ 2.56  $ (1.83)  $ (0.74) 
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share from

discontinued operations  $ —    $ —    $ 0.01  $ 1.49  $ (1.00)  $ 0.25  $ 0.76 
Diluted earnings (loss) per common share  $ 1.35  $ 1.89  $ 2.18  $ 8.17  $ 1.56  $ (1.58)  $ 0.02 
Dividends declared per common share  $ —    $ —    $ —    $ —    $ —    $ —    $ —   
Weighted-average common shares outstanding        
Basic   42.1   42.0   42.0   41.9   41.7   41.2   39.4 
Diluted   42.3   42.1   42.1   42.0   41.9   41.2   39.4 

Financial Position (as of period end)        
Property, plant and equipment, net  $1,111.7  $1,021.7  $1,085.5  $ 975.5  $ 815.4  $ 756.8  $1,415.4 
Total assets(f)   1,481.7   1,423.2   1,541.0   1,446.4   1,807.0   2,088.2   2,850.4 
Total long-term obligations(g)(h)   1,343.8   1,383.3   1,429.8   1,485.4   2,044.7   2,509.5   3,191.8 

Other Data        
Cash flow provided by operating activities, net  $ 122.9  $ 97.9  $ 173.2  $ 110.9  $ 175.2  $ 78.8  $ 212.7 
Cash flow (used in) provided by investing

activities, net   26.3   25.1   (95.5)   383.2   392.6   (185.4)   (371.8) 
Cash flow (used in) provided by financing

activities, net   (100.7)   (120.8)   (75.4)   (544.6)   (514.5)   87.6   109.0 
Capital expenditures(i)   (105.2)   (121.6)   (286.4)   (283.6)   (182.3)   (196.9)   (367.2) 
 

 
31



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 41/217

Table of Contents

 
(a) Results for 2012 include the revenues and expenses of CyrusOne, Cincinnati Bell’s former data center business. During 2013,

CyrusOne results are included for the period January 1, 2013 through January 23, 2013. Effective January 24, 2013, the date
of the CyrusOne IPO, Cincinnati Bell no longer includes CyrusOne’s operating results in our consolidated financial
statements. See Notes 1 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements included in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 incorporated by reference herein.

(b) All shares of common stock and per share information have been adjusted to reflect a one-for-five reverse stock split of
Cincinnati Bell common shares on October 4, 2016 on a retroactive basis for all periods presented.

(c) Other operating costs and losses consist of restructuring and severance related charges (reversals), transaction-related
compensation, curtailment loss (gain), loss (gain) on disposal of assets—net, impairment of assets and transaction costs.

(d) Losses represent Cincinnati Bell’s equity method share of CyrusOne’s losses from the date of the IPO through December 31,
2015. Effective January 1, 2016, Cincinnati Bell’s ownership in CyrusOne is no longer accounted for using the equity
method.

(e) Cincinnati Bell ceased operations of its wireless business as of March 31, 2015. As a result, certain wireless assets, liabilities
and results of operations are now presented as discontinued operations. Accordingly, Cincinnati Bell recast its 2014, 2013 and
2012 results, with the exception of the consolidated statements of comprehensive income, consolidated statements of
shareowners’ deficit and consolidated statements of cash flows.

(f) Total assets include current and noncurrent assets from discontinued operations.
(g) Total long-term obligations comprise long-term debt less current portion, pension and postretirement benefit obligations,

other noncurrent liabilities and noncurrent liabilities from discontinued operations. See Notes 6, 7, 9, 13 and 16 to the
consolidated financial statements for discussions related to 2016 and 2015 included in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

(h) Accounting Standard Update (“ASU”) 2015-03 Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs was adopted effective
January 1, 2016. As a result, certain debt issuance costs were reclassified from “Other noncurrent assets” to “Long-term debt,
less current portion”. All periods presented have been recast to present the impact of ASU 2015-03, retrospectively.

(i) Capital expenditures include capital expenditures from discontinued operations.
 

 
32



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 42/217

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM

The following table sets forth selected historical consolidated financial data of Hawaiian Telcom. The selected historical
consolidated financial data of Hawaiian Telcom as of and for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015, 2014, 2013 and 2012
have been derived from Hawaiian Telcom’s historical audited consolidated financial statements. Hawaiian Telcom’s historical
audited consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2016 and 2015 and historical audited consolidated statement of
operations and cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 are incorporated into this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference to Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. The
historical audited consolidated balance sheet data as of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 and the historical audited consolidated
statement of operations and cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 have been derived from Hawaiian
Telcom’s historical audited consolidated financial statements included in Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2014, which has not been incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The selected
historical consolidated financial data of Hawaiian Telcom as of June 30, 2017 and for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2017
and 2016 have been derived from Hawaiian Telcom’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained
in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, which is incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus. The selected historical consolidated financial data of Hawaiian Telcom as of June 30, 2016 has been derived
from Hawaiian Telcom’s historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements contained in its Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2016, which has not been incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by
reference. In the opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s management, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of
Hawaiian Telcom have been prepared on the same basis as its audited consolidated financial statements and include all
adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary for a fair statement of the financial position of Hawaiian
Telcom as of June 30, 2017 and its results of operations for the six-month periods ended June 30, 2017 and 2016. Results of
interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results expected for a full year or for future periods.

The information set forth below is not necessarily indicative of future results and should be read together with the other
information contained in Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and Hawaiian
Telcom’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2017, including the sections titled “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial statements and related
notes therein. See the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statement of Operations Data and Balance Sheet Data

 
   

Six Months Ended
June 30,   Year Ended December 31,  

   2017   2016   2016    2015    2014    2013    2012  
   Unaudited                     
   (In millions, except per share data)  
Statement of income (loss) data:(a)             
Operating revenues   $185.8  $198.3  $393.0   $393.4   $390.7   $391.2   $385.5 
Depreciation and amortization    43.0   44.4   89.9    87.9    78.0    77.3    70.9 
Operating income    3.4   11.4   18.8    19.3    30.5    41.8    45.9 
Interest expense    (7.8)   (8.7)   17.1    16.8    16.5    18.9    22.2 
Income tax provision (benefit)(b)    (3.8)   1.1   0.6    1.4    5.9    8.8    (91.4) 
Net income (loss)    (5.4)   1.6   1.1    1.1    8.1    10.5    110.0 
Earnings (loss) per common share—             
Basic   $ (0.47)  $ 0.14  $ 0.10   $ 0.10   $ 0.76   $ 1.01   $10.74 
Diluted    (0.47)   0.14   0.10    0.10    0.72    0.95    10.32 
 

 
33



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 43/217

Table of Contents

   
Six Months Ended

June 30,   Year Ended December 31,  
   2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
   Unaudited                 
   (In millions, except per share data)  
Statements of cash flow data—net cash provided by

(used in):(c)         
Operating activities   $ 40.6  $ 51.3  $ 90.1  $ 90.6  $ 90.5  $ 77.0  $ 86.5 
Investing activities    (52.6)   (52.9)   (97.8)   (98.2)   (96.2)   (85.0)   (85.3) 
Financing activities    22.1   (2.5)   (5.2)   1.3   (3.4)   (9.4)   (16.2) 
Balance sheet data (as of end of period):         
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 25.9  $ 26.2  $ 15.8  $ 30.3  $ 39.9  $ 49.6  $ 67.0 
Property, plant and equipment, net    601.3   589.6   596.0   579.1   566.0   524.4   507.2 
Total assets    810.5   802.6   803.9   799.7   796.7   771.7   780.7 
Long-term debt(d)    313.9   285.2   284.7   286.0   287.2   288.4   291.0 
Stockholders’ equity    313.7   310.4   304.9   307.7   304.5   313.0   276.9 
 
(a) Hawaiian Telcom acquired SystemMetrics Corporation on September 30, 2013 and Wavecom Solutions Corporation on

December 31, 2012. The results of operations are included in the above financial information from the acquisition date.
(b) As of December 31, 2012, Hawaiian Telcom released its valuation allowance resulting in an income tax benefit of $91.4

million for the year ended December 31, 2012.
(c) In 2016, Hawaiian Telcom adopted a new accounting standard modifying the presentation of restricted cash in the statements

of cash flow. The statements of cash flow data has been revised for the application of the new standard for all periods
presented. See Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the year ended December 31, 2016 and incorporated by reference herein.

(d) Long-term debt includes the related current portion and is net of debt issuance costs and original issue discount.
 

 
34



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 44/217

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following table presents selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom after giving effect to the merger, including the financing structure established to effect the merger. The selected
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations data for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and the year ended
December 31, 2016 give effect to the merger as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2016. The selected unaudited pro
forma condensed combined balance sheet data gives effect to the merger as if it had been completed on June 30, 2017. The
following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is subject to risks and uncertainties, including
those discussed in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared by applying the
acquisition method of accounting with Cincinnati Bell treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes and is dependent on certain
valuations and other analyses that have yet to progress to a stage where there is sufficient information for a definitive
measurement. Accordingly, any pro forma adjustments, including the allocation of the purchase price, are very preliminary, have
been made solely for the purpose of providing selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information and may
be revised as additional information becomes available and additional analysis is performed. The following selected unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical
consolidated financial statements and the related notes of both Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom incorporated herein by
reference, together with the more detailed unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information provided in the section
titled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” beginning on page 172 of this proxy
statement/prospectus. For further information with respect to the documents incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by
reference, please see the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy
statement/prospectus. The following selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is subject to risks
and uncertainties, including those discussed in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on
page 40 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information set forth below has been presented for
informational purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what the combined financial condition or results of operations
actually would have been had the merger been completed as of the assumed dates or for the periods presented. In addition, the
selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presented below does not purport to project the combined
financial condition or operating results for any future period. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information has not been adjusted to give effect to the OnX acquisition (including any financing in respect thereof).
 

   
Year Ended

December 31, 2016    
Six Months Ended

June 30, 2017  
   (Unaudited)  
   (Values in millions, except per share amounts)  
Statement of Operations Data:     
Revenue:     

Services   $ 1,359.3   $ 671.4 
Products    219.5    86.6 

    

 

    

 

Total revenue   $ 1,578.8   $ 758.0 
    

 

    

 

 

 
35



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 45/217

Table of Contents

   
Year Ended

December 31, 2016    
Six Months Ended

June 30, 2017  
   (Unaudited)  
   (Values in millions, except per share amounts)  
Earnings:     

Net income   $ 94.2   $ 50.3 
Preferred stock dividends    10.4    5.2 

    
 

    
 

Net income applicable to common
shareholders   $ 83.8   $ 45.1 

    

 

    

 

Basic earnings per common share
from continuing operations   $ 1.68   $ 0.90 

    

 

    

 

Diluted earnings per common share
from continuing operations   $ 1.68   $ 0.90 

    

 

    

 

       As of June 30, 2017  

       
(Unaudited)

(Values in millions)  
Balance Sheet Data (as of period end):    

Total assets     $ 2,290.1 
Long-term debt, less current

portion      1,606.4 
Total shareowners’ equity     $ 14.2 

 

 
36



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 46/217

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE UNAUDITED HISTORICAL AND PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

The following table sets forth, for the six months ended June 30, 2017 and the year ended December 31, 2016, selected per
share information for (1) Cincinnati Bell common shares on a historical basis, (2) Hawaiian Telcom common stock on a historical
basis and (3) Cincinnati Bell common shares on an historical and equivalent pro forma combined basis giving effect to the merger,
including the financing structure established to effect the merger. Except for the historical information as of and for the year ended
December 31, 2016, the information provided in the table below is unaudited. The unaudited pro forma financial information
provided in the table below has been derived from, and should be read in conjunction with, the historical consolidated financial
statements and the related notes of both Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom incorporated herein by reference, together with the
more detailed unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information provided in the section titled “Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information” beginning on page 172 of this proxy statement/prospectus. For further information
with respect to the documents incorporated into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference, please see the section titled “Where
To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma financial information set forth below has been presented for informational purposes only and is not
necessarily indicative of what the combined financial condition or results of operations actually would have been had the merger
been completed as of the assumed dates or for the periods presented. In addition, the unaudited pro forma financial information
presented below does not purport to project the combined financial condition or operating results for any future period. The
unaudited pro forma financial information provided in the table below has not been adjusted to give effect to the OnX acquisition
(including any financing in respect thereof).

The pro forma equivalent per share amounts are calculated by multiplying each pro forma combined per share amount by the
mixed consideration exchange ratio. The pro forma equivalent per share amounts assume each Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
receives the mixed consideration. The exchange ratio for purposes of these calculations is 0.6522.
 

   Historical          

   
Cincinnati

Bell    
Hawaiian

Telcom    
Pro Forma
Combined    

Pro Forma
Equivalent 

Basic earnings per common share from continuing
operations         

Six months ended June 30, 2017   $ 1.36   $ (0.47)   $ 0.90   $ 0.59 
Year ended December 31, 2016   $ 2.17   $ 0.10   $ 1.68   $ 1.10 
Diluted earnings per common share from

continuing operations         
Six months ended June 30, 2017   $ 1.35   $ (0.47)   $ 0.90   $ 0.59 
Year ended December 31, 2016   $ 2.17   $ 0.10   $ 1.68   $ 1.10 
Dividends(1)   $ —     $ —     $ —     $ —   
Book value per share(2)         
As of June 30, 2017   $ (2.94)   $ 27.07   $ 0.28   $ 0.18 

 
(1) Both Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell did not declare or pay any dividends on common stock in the period presented.
(2) The historical book value per share is computed by dividing total stockholders’ equity and shareowners’ deficit by the

number of shares of common stock outstanding at the end of the period.
 

 
37



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 47/217

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share for Cincinnati Bell
common shares, which trades on the NYSE under the symbol “CBB”, and for Hawaiian Telcom common stock, which trades on
the NASDAQ under the symbol “HCOM”, and the cash dividends declared per share of Cincinnati Bell common shares and
Hawaiian Telcom common stock.
 
   Cincinnati Bell Common Shares(1)    Hawaiian Telcom Common Stock  

   High    Low    

Cash
Dividends
Declared    High    Low    

Cash
Dividends
Declared  

2017         
Fourth Quarter (through October 4, 2017)   $ 21.50   $ 20.25   $ —     $ 30.79   $ 30.21   $ —   
Third Quarter    21.85    16.60    —      31.20    24.33    —   
Second Quarter    19.66    16.40    —      26.45    23.12    —   
First Quarter    24.35    17.60    —      26.59    22.80    —   
2016         
Fourth Quarter   $ 22.75   $ 17.90   $     —     $ 25.50   $ 20.11   $     —   
Third Quarter    25.10    19.55    —      24.09    21.28    —   
Second Quarter    23.05    18.00    —      24.66    19.14    —   
First Quarter    19.45    14.50    —      25.26    20.75    —   
2015         
Fourth Quarter   $ 19.85   $ 15.70   $ —     $ 25.97   $ 20.51   $ —   
Third Quarter    19.85    15.40    —      26.06    20.46    —   
Second Quarter    20.45    16.70    —      27.96    24.92    —   
First Quarter    18.40    14.65    —      27.45    25.80    —   
 
(1) The numbers presented for Cincinnati Bell take account of a one-for-five reverse split of its issued common shares on

October 4, 2016 on a retroactive basis.

The following table sets forth the closing sale price per share of Cincinnati Bell common shares and Hawaiian Telcom
common stock as reported on the NYSE and NASDAQ, respectively, as of July 7, 2017, the last trading day before the public
announcement of the merger, and as of October 4, 2017, the most recent practicable trading day prior to the date of this proxy
statement/prospectus. The table also shows the implied value of the merger consideration proposed for each share of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock. The equivalent share election per share prices set forth below were determined, for Hawaiian Telcom
common stock in respect of which an election for share consideration is made, by multiplying the closing price of Cincinnati Bell
common shares on July 7, 2017 and October 4, 2017, respectively, by the share consideration exchange ratio of 1.6305 and, for
Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of which an election for mixed consideration is made, by multiplying the closing price
of Cincinnati Bell common shares on July 7, 2017 and October 4, 2017, respectively, by the mixed consideration exchange ratio of
0.6522 and adding $18.45 to such amount.
 

   

Cincinnati Bell
Common

Shares    

Hawaiian
Telcom

Common Stock   
Share

Consideration   
Mixed

Consideration   
Cash

Consideration 
July 7, 2017   $ 19.35   $ 24.44   $ 31.55   $ 31.07   $ 30.75 
October 4, 2017   $ 21.50   $ 30.79   $ 35.06   $ 32.47   $ 30.75 

The market prices of Cincinnati Bell common shares and Hawaiian Telcom common stock will fluctuate between the date of
this proxy statement/prospectus and the completion of the merger. No assurance can be given concerning the market prices of
Cincinnati Bell common shares or Hawaiian Telcom common stock before the completion of the merger or Cincinnati Bell
common shares after the completion of the merger.

Changes in the market price of Cincinnati Bell common shares prior to the completion of the merger will affect the value of
the share consideration and the mixed consideration. Accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom
 

 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 48/217

38



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 49/217

Table of Contents

stockholders are advised to obtain current market quotations for Cincinnati Bell common shares and Hawaiian Telcom common
stock before deciding whether to vote for adoption of the merger agreement.

As of September 26, 2017, the last date prior to printing this proxy statement/prospectus for which it was practicable to
obtain this information for Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom, respectively, there were approximately 6,034 registered holders
of Cincinnati Bell common shares and approximately 15 registered holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock.
 

 
39



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 50/217

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information included and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus, including the
matters addressed in the section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this proxy statement/prospectus, you
should carefully consider the following risks before deciding whether to vote for adoption of the merger agreement. In addition, you
should read and consider the risks associated with each of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell and their respective businesses. These
risks can be found in Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s respective Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2016, as updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, all of which are filed with the SEC and incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. For further information regarding the documents incorporated into this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference, please see the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this
proxy statement/prospectus.

Risks Relating to the Merger

Because the share consideration exchange ratio and the mixed consideration exchange ratio will not be adjusted for stock price
changes and the market price of Cincinnati Bell common shares will fluctuate, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders cannot be sure of
the market value of Cincinnati Bell common shares that they will receive in the merger.

At the time the merger is completed, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to
the completion of the merger (other than excepted shares) will be converted into the right to receive, at the holder’s election and subject
to proration as set forth in the merger agreement, (i) 1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares;
(ii) 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares; or (iii) $30.75 in
cash, without interest. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who elect to receive the share consideration or the cash consideration will be
subject to proration to ensure that the aggregate number of shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued by Cincinnati Bell in
the merger and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid in the merger will be the same as if all electing stockholders received the mixed
consideration.

Neither the share consideration exchange ratio nor the mixed consideration exchange ratio will change to reflect changes in the
market prices of Cincinnati Bell common shares or Hawaiian Telcom common stock. The market price of Cincinnati Bell common
shares at the time of completion of the merger may vary significantly from the market price of Cincinnati Bell common shares on the
date the merger agreement was executed, the date of this proxy statement/prospectus and the date of the Hawaiian Telcom special
meeting. In addition, as discussed below, the merger consideration will be subject to proration. Accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders will not know or be able to calculate at the time of the Hawaiian Telcom special meeting the market value of the merger
consideration they will receive upon completion of the merger.

Further, the merger might not be completed until a significant period of time has passed after the Hawaiian Telcom special
meeting. Because the share consideration exchange ratio and mixed consideration exchange ratio will not be adjusted to reflect any
changes in the market values of Cincinnati Bell common shares or Hawaiian Telcom common stock, the market value of the Cincinnati
Bell common shares issued in connection with the merger and the Hawaiian Telcom common stock surrendered in connection with the
merger may be higher or lower than the values of those shares on earlier dates. Stock price changes may result from, among other
things, changes in the business, operations or prospects of Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom prior to or following the merger, market
expectations of the likelihood that the merger will be completed and the timing of the completion, litigation or the effect of any of the
conditions or restrictions imposed on or proposed with respect to the merging parties by regulatory agencies, general business, market,
industry or economic conditions and other factors both within and beyond the control of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom. Neither
Cincinnati Bell nor Hawaiian Telcom is permitted to terminate the merger agreement solely because of changes in the market price of
either company’s common stock.
 

40



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 51/217

Table of Contents

Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are urged to obtain current market quotations for shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares and
Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

Hawaiian Telcom stockholders may receive a combination of consideration different from that which they elect.

In the merger, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders may not receive the entirety of their merger consideration in the form which they
have elected to receive. The merger consideration is subject to proration so that the aggregate number of Cincinnati Bell common
shares to be issued, and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid, will be the same as if all electing stockholders received the mixed
consideration. Accordingly, depending on the elections made by other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, each Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who elects to receive all cash for their shares in the merger may receive a portion of their consideration in Cincinnati Bell
common shares, and each Hawaiian Telcom stockholder who elects to receive all Cincinnati Bell common shares for their shares in the
merger may receive a portion of their consideration in cash. A Hawaiian Telcom stockholder who elects to receive the mixed
consideration will always receive 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares plus $18.45 in cash for each share of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock they hold (subject to payment of cash in lieu of fractional shares). For further information, please see the section titled
“The Merger Agreement—Merger Consideration” beginning on page 126 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The merger is subject to Hawaiian Telcom stockholder approval.

In order for the merger to be completed, the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders must adopt the merger agreement, which requires the
affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote on the merger proposal
as of the record date for the Hawaiian Telcom special meeting.

A vote of Cincinnati Bell shareholders is not required to approve the merger.

Directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Telcom have certain interests in the merger that may be different from, or in
addition to, the general interests of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in recommending that Hawaiian stockholders vote in favor
of the merger agreement.

The directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Telcom have certain interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition
to, those of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders generally. These interests include, among others, potential severance benefits and other
payments, the treatment of outstanding equity awards pursuant to the merger agreement, rights to ongoing indemnification and
insurance coverage and the potential to serve on Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors following the completion of the merger. The
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors was aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in reaching its decision to
(i) approve the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby; (ii) adopt, approve and declare advisable the merger
agreement; and (iii) resolve to recommend the adoption of the merger agreement to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. See the section
titled “The Merger—Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 112 for a more
detailed description of these interests.

The merger is subject to the receipt of clearances or approvals from various regulatory authorities, which may impose
conditions that could have an adverse effect on Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company or, if not obtained,
could prevent completion of the merger.

Before the merger may be completed, the applicable waiting period must expire or terminate under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and
clearances or approvals must be obtained from various regulatory entities, including the FCC, the State of Hawai‘i Department of
Commerce and Consumer Affairs and the Hawai‘i Public Utilities Commission. There can be no assurance that all of these required
consents, orders, approvals and clearances will
 

41



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 52/217

Table of Contents

be obtained, or will be obtained on a timely basis. In deciding whether to grant regulatory clearances, the relevant governmental
entities will consider, among other things, the effect of the merger on competition within their relevant jurisdiction. The terms and
conditions of the approvals that are granted may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the
combined company’s business. The merger agreement may require Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to comply with conditions
imposed by regulatory entities and neither company is required to take any action with respect to obtaining regulatory approval that,
individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on either Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati
Bell. There can be no assurance that regulators will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions and that such conditions,
terms, obligations or restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the merger, imposing additional material costs on or
materially limiting the revenues of the combined company following the merger or otherwise reduce the anticipated benefits of the
merger. In addition, neither Cincinnati Bell nor Hawaiian Telcom can provide assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or
restrictions will not result in the delay or abandonment of the merger. For further information, please see the section titled “The Merger
—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger” beginning on page 117 of this proxy statement/prospectus and “The Merger
Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger” beginning on page 133 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The merger is subject to conditions, including certain conditions that may not be satisfied or completed on a timely basis, if at
all. Any delay in completing the merger may reduce or eliminate the benefits expected.

In addition to the required stockholder approval and regulatory clearances and approvals, the merger is subject to certain other
conditions beyond the control of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom that may prevent, delay, or otherwise materially adversely affect
completion of the merger. Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom cannot predict whether and when these other conditions will be
satisfied. The requirements for satisfying such conditions could delay completion of the merger for a period of time, reducing or
eliminating some or all anticipated benefits of the merger, or prevent completion of the merger from occurring at all. For further
information, please see the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 137 of
this proxy statement/prospectus.

The pendency of the merger could materially adversely affect the future business and operations of Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom and/or result in a loss of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom employees.

In connection with the pending merger, while it is not expected by the respective managements of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom, it is possible that some customers, suppliers and other persons with whom Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom have a business
relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions, which could negatively impact revenues, earnings and cash flows of
Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom, as well as the market prices of Cincinnati Bell common shares or Hawaiian Telcom common
stock, regardless of whether the merger is completed. Similarly, current and prospective employees of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom may experience uncertainty about their future roles within the combined company following completion of the merger, which
may materially adversely affect the ability of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to attract and retain key employees.

The pursuit of the merger and the preparation for the integration may place a significant burden on Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian
Telcom’s management and internal resources. Any significant diversion of management attention away from ongoing business and any
difficulties encountered in the transition and integration process could affect Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian Telcom’s financial results.

In addition, the merger agreement restricts Cincinnati Bell, on the one hand, and Hawaiian Telcom, on the other, without the other
party’s consent, from making certain acquisitions and dispositions and taking other specified actions while the merger is pending.
These restrictions may prevent Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom from pursuing attractive business opportunities and making other
changes to their respective businesses
 

42



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 53/217

Table of Contents

prior to completion of the merger or termination of the merger agreement. For further information, please see the section titled “The
Merger Agreement—Conduct of Business Pending the Merger” beginning on page 131.

The fairness opinion obtained by Hawaiian Telcom from its financial advisor will not reflect subsequent changes.

On July 9, 2017, at a meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors held to evaluate the proposed merger, UBS delivered to
the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion,
dated July 9, 2017. The opinion of UBS stated that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters
considered and limitations described in its written opinion, the aggregate merger consideration (as defined under the heading “The
Merger—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”) to be received in the merger by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock (other than holders of excepted shares) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. The opinion does not reflect
changes that may occur or may have occurred after the date of the opinion, including changes to the operations and prospects of
Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom, changes in general market and economic conditions or regulatory or other factors. Any such
changes, or other factors on which the opinion is based, may materially alter or affect the relative values of Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom.

If the merger is not completed by October 9, 2018 or, subject to specific instances of regulatory delay, January 9, 2019, either
Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom may choose not to proceed with the merger.

Either Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom may terminate the merger agreement if the merger has not been completed by
October 9, 2018, unless the failure of the merger to have been completed by such date was the result of the failure of the party seeking
to terminate the merger agreement to have performed its obligations thereunder. This date will be automatically extended to January 9,
2019 in the event required regulatory approvals have not yet been obtained but the merger is otherwise able to be completed. For
further information, please see the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” beginning on
page 138 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Current Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest after the merger and will exercise
less influence over management.

Cincinnati Bell will issue approximately 7.9 million Cincinnati Bell common shares to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in the
merger (including Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued in connection with outstanding Hawaiian Telcom equity awards). As a
result of these issuances, current Cincinnati Bell shareholders and Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are expected to hold approximately
85% and 15%, respectively, of Cincinnati Bell’s outstanding common shares immediately following completion of the merger.

Hawaiian Telcom stockholders currently have the right to vote for their respective directors and on other matters affecting the
company. When the merger occurs, the Cincinnati Bell common shares that each Hawaiian Telcom stockholder receives in exchange
for its Hawaiian Telcom common stock will represent a percentage ownership of the combined company that is significantly smaller
than the Hawaiian Telcom stockholder’s percentage ownership of Hawaiian Telcom. As a result of these reduced ownership
percentages, former Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will have less influence on the management and policies of Cincinnati Bell than
they now have with respect to Hawaiian Telcom.

Cincinnati Bell’s shareholders will also be diluted by the merger.

The merger will dilute the ownership position of Cincinnati Bell’s current shareholders. Cincinnati Bell will issue approximately
7.9 million Cincinnati Bell common shares to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in the merger (including Cincinnati Bell common shares
to be issued in connection with outstanding Hawaiian Telcom equity awards). As a result of these issuances, current Cincinnati Bell
shareholders and Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are expected to hold approximately 85% and 15%, respectively, of Cincinnati Bell’s
outstanding common shares immediately following completion of the merger.
 

43



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 54/217

Table of Contents

The merger agreement and voting agreement contain provisions that could discourage a potential acquirer of Hawaiian Telcom
from making a competing takeover proposal and, in certain circumstances, could require Hawaiian Telcom to pay to Cincinnati
Bell a cash termination fee.

The merger agreement contains detailed “no shop” provisions that restrict Hawaiian Telcom, its affiliates and their respective
representatives from soliciting, initiating or knowingly encouraging, inducing or facilitating any other takeover proposal or inquiry that
may reasonably be expected to lead to a takeover proposal. The merger agreement also generally restricts Hawaiian Telcom, its
affiliates and their respective representatives from participating in any discussions or negotiations regarding any other takeover
proposal, subject to certain limited exceptions described in the merger agreement.

If Hawaiian Telcom withdraws or modifies in any adverse manner, or proposes publicly to withdraw or modify in any adverse
manner, its approval or recommendation with respect to the merger or proposes publicly to approve or recommend any other takeover
proposal with a third party, Hawaiian Telcom would be required to pay to Cincinnati Bell a cash termination fee of $11.94 million.

In addition, the Twin Haven Stockholders, who collectively hold voting power over approximately 22.5% of the shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock, have agreed to vote all of their shares in favor of the merger and against any takeover proposal.

These provisions could discourage a potential third-party acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant
portion of Hawaiian Telcom’s stock or assets from considering or proposing that acquisition, even if it were prepared to pay
consideration with a higher per share cash or market value than the market value proposed to be received or realized in the merger.
Similarly, these provisions might result in a potential third-party acquirer proposing to pay a lower price to Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders than it might otherwise have proposed to pay because of the added expense of the termination fee that may become
payable in certain circumstances. If the merger agreement is terminated and Hawaiian Telcom determines to seek another business
combination, it may not be able to negotiate a transaction with another party on terms comparable to, or better than, the terms of the
merger.

For further information, please see the sections titled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals by
Hawaiian Telcom” beginning on page 134; “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” beginning on page 138;
“The Merger Agreement—Expenses and Termination Fees; Liability for Breach” beginning on page 139; and “The Voting Agreement”
beginning on page 145 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively affect Hawaiian Telcom’s stock price, its future business and financial results.

If the merger is not completed, Hawaiian Telcom’s ongoing businesses may be adversely affected and Hawaiian Telcom will be
subject to several risks and consequences, including the following:
 

 
•  under the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom may be required, under certain circumstances, to pay Cincinnati Bell a

termination fee of $11.94 million;
 

 
•  Hawaiian Telcom will be required to pay certain costs relating to the merger, whether or not the merger is completed, such as

legal, accounting, financial advisor and printing fees;
 

 •  Hawaiian Telcom would not realize the expected benefits of the merger;
 

 
•  under the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom is subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business prior to

completing the merger, which may adversely affect its ability to execute certain of its business strategies;
 

44



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 55/217

Table of Contents

 
•  matters relating to the merger may require substantial commitments of time and resources by Hawaiian Telcom

management, which could otherwise have been devoted to other opportunities that may have been beneficial to Hawaiian
Telcom as an independent company; and

 

 
•  Hawaiian Telcom may lose key employees during the period in which Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell are pursuing the

merger, which may adversely affect Hawaiian Telcom in the future if it is not able to hire and retain qualified personnel to
replace departing employees.

In addition, if the merger is not completed, Hawaiian Telcom may experience negative reactions from the financial markets and
from its customers and employees. Hawaiian Telcom also could be subject to litigation related to any failure to complete the merger or
to enforcement proceedings commenced against Hawaiian Telcom to attempt to force it to perform its obligations under the merger
agreement.

A different set of factors and conditions affect Cincinnati Bell common shares and could have a negative impact on its share
price.

Upon completion of the merger, some Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will become holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares. The
businesses and markets of Cincinnati Bell and the other companies it has acquired and may acquire in the future are different from
those of Hawaiian Telcom. There is a risk that various factors, conditions and developments which would not affect the price of
Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock could negatively affect the price of Cincinnati Bell’s common shares. Please see the section titled
“Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this proxy statement/prospectus for a summary of some of the key factors that
might affect Cincinnati Bell and the prices at which Cincinnati Bell common shares may trade from time to time.

Risks Relating to the Combined Company Upon Completion of the Merger

If completed, the merger may not achieve its intended results, and Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom may be unable to
successfully integrate their operations.

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom entered into the merger agreement with the expectation that the merger will result in
various benefits, including, among other things, expanding Cincinnati Bell’s asset base and creating synergies and opportunities for
cost savings. Achieving the anticipated benefits of the merger is subject to a number of uncertainties, including whether the businesses
of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom can be integrated in an efficient and effective manner.

It is possible that the integration process could take longer than anticipated and could result in the loss of valuable employees, the
disruption of each company’s ongoing businesses, processes and systems or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures,
practices, policies and compensation arrangements, any of which could adversely affect the combined company’s ability to achieve the
anticipated benefits of the merger. The combined company’s results of operations could also be adversely affected by any issues
attributable to either company’s operations that arise or are based on events or actions that occur prior to the closing of the merger. The
companies may have difficulty addressing possible differences in corporate cultures and management philosophies. The integration
process is subject to a number of uncertainties, and no assurance can be given that the anticipated benefits will be realized or, if
realized, the timing of their realization. Failure to achieve these anticipated benefits could result in increased costs or decreases in the
amount of expected revenues and could adversely affect the combined company’s future business, financial condition, operating results
and prospects.

The combined company is expected to incur expenses related to the integration of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom.

The combined company is expected to incur expenses in connection with the integration of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom.
There are a large number of back-office information technology systems, processes and
 

45



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 56/217

Table of Contents

policies that will need to be addressed during the integration. While Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have assumed that a certain
level of expenses will be incurred, there are many factors beyond their control that could affect the total amount or the timing of the
integration expenses. Moreover, many of the expenses that will be incurred are, by their nature, difficult to estimate accurately. These
integration expenses likely will result in the combined company taking charges against earnings following the completion of the
merger, and the amount and timing of such charges are uncertain at present.

The future results of the combined company will suffer if the combined company does not effectively manage its expanded
operations following the merger.

Following the merger, the size of the business of the combined company will increase significantly beyond the current size of
either Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian Telcom’s business. The combined company’s future success depends, in part, upon its ability to
manage this expanded business, which will pose substantial challenges for management. There can be no assurances that the combined
company will be successful or that it will realize the expected operating efficiencies, cost savings, revenue enhancements and other
benefits currently anticipated from the merger.

Uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could
adversely affect the future business and operations of the combined company.

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other key
employees to execute their business plans. Each company’s success until the merger, and the combined company’s success after the
merger, will depend in part upon the ability of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to retain key management personnel and other key
employees. Current and prospective employees of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom may experience uncertainty about their roles
within the combined company following the merger, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom to attract or retain key management and other key personnel. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the combined
company will be able to attract or retain key management personnel and other key employees of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom
to the same extent that Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have previously been able to attract or retain their own employees.

The combined company will have substantial indebtedness following the merger and the credit ratings of the combined
company or its subsidiaries may be different from what the companies currently expect.

Cincinnati Bell has obtained new credit facilities and expects to issue senior unsecured notes in order to provide funds to
(i) refinance its existing credit facilities, (ii) finance in part the cash portion of the merger consideration, (iii) refinance existing
indebtedness of Hawaiian Telcom and (iv) pay other costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger and related
transactions. The receipt of financing by Cincinnati Bell, however, is not a condition to completion of the merger. In addition to the
new credit facilities and the expected issuance of the notes, Cincinnati Bell may incur other indebtedness, including senior
indebtedness, to finance the merger and related transactions. Following completion of the merger, the combined company will have
substantial indebtedness and the credit ratings of the combined company and its subsidiaries may be different from what the companies
currently expect.

This substantial indebtedness may adversely affect the business, financial condition and operating results of the combined
company, including:
 

 •  making it more difficult for the combined company to satisfy its debt service obligations;
 

 
•  requiring the combined company to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flows to debt service obligations, thereby

potentially reducing the availability of cash flows to pay cash dividends and to fund working capital, capital expenditures,
acquisitions, investments and other general operating requirements;

 
46



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 57/217

Table of Contents

 
•  limiting the ability of the combined company to obtain additional financing to fund its working capital requirements, capital

expenditures, acquisitions, investments, debt service obligations and other general operating requirements;
 

 
•  restricting the combined company from making strategic acquisitions or taking advantage of favorable business

opportunities;
 

 •  placing the combined company at a relative competitive disadvantage compared to competitors that have less debt;
 

 
•  limiting flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in the businesses and industries in which the combined company operates,

which may adversely affect the combined company’s operating results and ability to meet its debt service obligations;
 

 
•  increasing the vulnerability of the combined company to adverse general economic and industry conditions, including

changes in interest rates; and
 

 •  limiting the ability of the combined company to refinance its indebtedness or increasing the cost of such indebtedness.

If the combined company incurs additional indebtedness following the merger, the risks related to the substantial indebtedness of
the combined company may intensify. For further information, please see “Financing of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the
Merger” beginning on page 142 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The merger may involve unexpected costs, unexpected liabilities or unexpected delays.

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently expect to incur substantial costs and expenses relating directly to the merger,
including debt financing and refinancing costs, fees and expenses payable to financial advisors, professional fees and expenses,
insurance premium costs, fees and costs relating to regulatory filings and notices, SEC filing fees, printing and mailing costs and other
transaction-related costs, fees and expenses. In addition, the merger and post-merger integration process may give rise to unexpected
liabilities and costs, including costs associated with the defense and resolution of possible litigation or other claims, which may
significantly increase the related costs and expenses incurred by the combined company.

The pro forma financial statements included in this proxy statement/prospectus are presented for illustrative purposes only and
may not be an indication of the combined company’s financial condition or results of operations following the merger.

The pro forma financial statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus are presented for illustrative purposes only, are
based on various adjustments, assumptions and preliminary estimates and may not be an indication of the combined company’s
financial condition or results of operations following the merger for several reasons. The actual financial condition and results of
operations of the combined company following the merger may not be consistent with, or evident from, these pro forma financial
statements. In addition, the assumptions used in preparing the pro forma financial information may not prove to be accurate, and other
factors may affect the combined company’s financial condition or results of operations following the merger. Any potential decline in
the combined company’s financial condition or results of operations may cause significant variations in the share price of the combined
company. For further information, please see section titled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information”
beginning on page 172 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Risk Factors Related to Cincinnati Bell Common Shares

Cincinnati Bell does not intend to pay any dividends on the common shares at this time.

Cincinnati Bell did not pay any cash dividends on its common shares in 2015 or 2016. The payment of cash dividends on
common shares in the future will be dependent upon Cincinnati Bell’s revenues and earnings, if
 

47



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 58/217

Table of Contents

any, and general financial condition and will be within the discretion of Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors. Further, as of the close of
business on the record date, there are 155,250 issued and outstanding shares of 6 3/4% Cumulative Convertible Voting Preferred Shares
(the “6 3/4% Preferred Shares”) of Cincinnati Bell, which are entitled to annual dividends of $67.50 per share, regardless of whether or
not Cincinnati Bell declares or pays a dividend on its common shares. Dividends on any series of preferred shares, including the 6 3/4%
Preferred Shares, must be paid or declared and set apart for payment for all past dividend periods and for the current dividend period
before any dividends (other than dividends payable in Cincinnati Bell common shares) may be declared or paid or set apart for
payment on Cincinnati Bell common shares.

Cincinnati Bell does not anticipate declaring any cash dividends on the common shares in 2017.

Cincinnati Bell’s outstanding 6 3/4% Preferred Shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of Cincinnati Bell
common shares.

Cincinnati Bell has issued and outstanding 155,250 shares of 6 3/4% Preferred Shares which are convertible into Cincinnati Bell
common shares at a conversion rate of 5.7676 common shares per one share of 6 3/4% Preferred Shares as of the close of business on
the record date. The conversion, or even the possibility of conversion, of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares could have an adverse effect on
the market price for Cincinnati Bell common shares or on Cincinnati Bell’s ability to obtain future public financing. If and to the extent
the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares are exercised, Cincinnati Bell shareholders may experience dilution to their holdings.

Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors may issue preferred shares that would adversely affect the rights of Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders.

Cincinnati Bell’s authorized capital stock includes 1,357,299 shares of voting preferred shares, 155,250 of which are designated
as 6 3/4% Preferred Shares and were issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the record date, and 1,000,000 shares of non-
voting preferred shares, none of which were issued and outstanding as of the close of business on the record date. The Cincinnati Bell
board of directors, in its sole discretion, may designate and issue one or more series of preferred shares from the authorized and
unissued preferred shares. Subject to limitations imposed by law or Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation,
Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors is empowered to determine, among other things:
 

 •  the designation of, and the number of, shares constituting each series of preferred shares;
 

 
•  the dividend rate for each series, the dates of payment of such dividends, and the date or dates from which such dividends

shall be cumulative;
 

 
•  the times when, the prices at which, and all other terms and conditions upon which, shares of such series shall be

redeemable;
 

 
•  the amounts which the holders of shares of such series shall be entitled to receive upon the liquidation, dissolution or

winding up of Cincinnati Bell, which amounts may vary depending on whether such liquidation, dissolution or winding up is
voluntary or involuntary and, if voluntary, may vary at different dates;

 

 •  whether or not the shares will be subject to the operation of a purchase, retirement or sinking fund;
 

 
•  whether or not the shares of such series shall be convertible into or exchangeable for shares of any other class or series and,

if so, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same;
 

 
•  the restrictions, if any, upon the payment of dividends or making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase or other

acquisition of, Cincinnati Bell common shares;
 

 
•  the restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness, and the restrictions, if any, upon the issue of shares of such series

or of any additional shares ranking on a parity with or prior to the shares of such
 

48



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 59/217

Table of Contents

 series in addition to the restrictions provided for in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation; and
 

 
•  such other rights, preferences and limitations as are not inconsistent with Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of

incorporation.

Cincinnati Bell could issue preferred shares with voting and conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power of the
Cincinnati Bell common shares and with preferences over Cincinnati Bell common shares with respect to dividends and in liquidation.
Issuances of preferred shares could also, depending upon the rights, have the effect of deterring or preventing a change of control, even
if the change of control might benefit Cincinnati Bell’s shareholders.

In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of Cincinnati Bell, holders of any preferred shares of
Cincinnati Bell, including the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares, will be entitled to receive payments or distributions of assets in the amount of
the applicable liquidation preference, plus any accumulated dividends, before any payment or distribution of assets may be made to or
set aside for the holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares.

Cincinnati Bell’s organizational documents and certain provisions of the OGCL may have the effect of discouraging a third
party from making a takeover attempt or reducing the market price of Cincinnati Bell’s common shares.

Because Cincinnati Bell is incorporated in Ohio, Cincinnati Bell is governed by the provisions of Section 1704 of the OGCL.
These provisions may prohibit large shareholders, particularly those owning 10% or more of Cincinnati Bell outstanding voting power,
from merging or combining with Cincinnati Bell. Cincinnati Bell is also governed by Section 1701, which requires a two-thirds
majority vote of shareholders to approve a merger or combination involving Cincinnati Bell.

Provisions in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
regulations may also have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control or changes in Cincinnati Bell’s management. These
provisions, among others, include the following:
 

 
•  the 80% shareholder vote required to approve any business combination with a 10% or more shareholder without board

approval;
 

 
•  the prohibition of cumulative voting in the election of directors, which would otherwise allow less than a majority of

shareholders to elect directors;
 

 •  a two-thirds majority vote requirement for shareholders to remove a director;
 

 •  the existence of authorized but unissued preferred shares;
 

 •  the 50% vote requirement for shareholders to call a special meeting;
 

 
•  the requirement under the OGCL that shareholder action by written consent be unanimous unless the corporation’s articles

of incorporation provide otherwise; and
 

 
•  a two-thirds majority vote requirement for shareholders to amend any provision of the amended and restated regulations,

unless such amendment is approved by a two-thirds majority vote of the board.

These provisions in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
regulations and under Ohio law could discourage potential takeover attempts, could reduce the price that investors are willing to pay
for Cincinnati Bell common shares in the future and could potentially result in the market price being lower than it would without these
provisions.
 

49



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 60/217

Table of Contents

Other Risks Relating to Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell

In addition to the risks described above, Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell are, and will continue to be, subject to the risks
described in Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, as
updated by subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K, all of which are filed with the SEC and
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 for the
location of information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement/prospectus.
 

50



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 61/217

Table of Contents

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement/prospectus may contain or incorporate by reference “forward-looking” statements, as defined in federal
securities laws including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are based on Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian
Telcom’s current expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections. Statements that are not historical facts, including statements
concerning projections or expectations of financial or operational performance or economic outlook, or concerning other future events
or results, or about the beliefs, expectations and future plans and strategies of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom, as well as any
information concerning possible or assumed future results of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell as set forth in the sections of this
proxy statement/prospectus titled “Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data”, “Comparative Unaudited
Historical and Pro Forma Per Share Data”, “The Merger—Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its
Reasons for the Merger”, “The Merger—Cincinnati Bell’s Reasons for the Merger”, “The Merger—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s
Financial Advisor” and “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information”, are forward-looking statements.

Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results or events may differ materially from
those projected or expressed in any forward-looking statements. The following important factors, among other things, could cause or
contribute to actual results being materially and adversely different from those described or implied by such forward-looking
statements including, but not limited to:
 

 •  the matters described in the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40 of this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom operate in, and the combined company will operate in, highly competitive industries,

and customers may not continue to purchase products or services, which would result in reduced revenue and loss of market
share;

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom and the combined company may be unable to grow their respective revenues and cash

flows despite the initiatives they have implemented;
 

 
•  failure of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company to anticipate the need for and introduce new products

and services or to compete with new technologies may compromise their success in the telecommunications industry;
 

 
•  changes in demand for the products and services offered by Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company

could negatively impact market share and ability to generate revenue;
 

 

•  Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s access lines, which generate a significant portion of their cash flows and profits,
are decreasing in number and if Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company continue to experience access
line losses similar to the past several years, Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s revenues,
earnings and cash flows from operations may be adversely impacted;

 

 

•  failure to meet performance standards under Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s agreements
could result in customers terminating their relationships with Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company,
as applicable, or customers being entitled to receive financial compensation, which would lead to reduced revenues and/or
increased costs;

 

 
•  both Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom generate a substantial portion of their revenue by serving a limited geographic

area;
 

 
•  a large customer accounts for a significant portion of Cincinnati Bell’s revenues and accounts receivable and the loss or

significant reduction in business from this customer would cause operating revenues to decline and could negatively impact
profitability and cash flows;

 

 
•  maintaining telecommunications networks requires significant capital expenditures, and the inability or failure to maintain

telecommunications networks could have a material impact on Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined
company’s market share and ability to generate revenue;

 
51



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 62/217

Table of Contents

 
•  increases in broadband usage may cause network capacity limitations, resulting in service disruptions or reduced capacity

for customers of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company may be liable for material that content providers distribute on

Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s networks, as applicable;
 

 
•  cyber-attacks or other breaches of network or other information technology security could have an adverse effect on

Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian Telcom’s respective businesses or the business of the combined company;
 

 
•  natural disasters, terrorists acts or acts of war could cause damage to Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s respective

infrastructure and result in significant disruptions to Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s
operations;

 

 

•  the regulation of Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s respective businesses or the business of the combined company
by federal, state and local authorities may, among other things, place Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined
company at a competitive disadvantage, restrict their ability to price their products and services and threaten their operating
licenses;

 

 

•  Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently depend on, and the combined company is expected to depend on, a number
of third party providers, and the loss of, or problems with, one or more of these providers may impede Cincinnati Bell’s,
Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s growth or cause Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined
company to lose customers;

 

 
•  a failure of back-office information technology systems could adversely affect Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the

combined company’s results of operations and financial condition;
 

 
•  if Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom fail to extend or renegotiate their respective collective bargaining agreements with

their labor unions when they expire or if their unionized employees were to engage in a strike or other work stoppage, the
business and operating results of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company could be materially harmed;

 

 
•  the loss of any of the senior management team or attrition among key sales associates could adversely affect Cincinnati

Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s debt could limit their ability to fund operations, raise

additional capital, and fulfill their obligations, which, in turn, would have a material adverse effect on their businesses and
prospects generally;

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s indebtedness imposes significant restrictions on Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian

Telcom;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom depend on and the combined company is expected to depend on loans and credit

facilities to provide for financing requirements in excess of amounts generated by operations, and the availability of those
funds may be reduced or limited;

 

 
•  the servicing of Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s indebtedness is, and the servicing of the combined company’s

indebtedness will be, dependent on Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s ability to generate
cash, which could be impacted by many factors beyond their control;

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom depend on the receipt of dividends or other intercompany transfers from their

subsidiaries and investments;
 

 
•  the trading price of Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s common shares may be volatile, and

the value of an investment in their respective common shares may decline;
 

 •  the ability of large shareholders at Hawaiian Telcom to influence corporate decisions;
 

52



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 63/217

Table of Contents

 
•  the uncertain economic environment, including uncertainty in the U.S. and world securities markets, could impact Cincinnati

Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s business and financial condition;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s future cash flows could be adversely affected if Cincinnati

Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company are unable to fully realize their respective deferred tax assets;
 

 •  the failure of Hawaiian Telcom to renegotiate contracts with television content providers on acceptable terms or at all;
 

 
•  adverse changes in the value of assets or obligations associated with Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s respective

employee benefit plans could negatively impact shareowners’ liquidity and deficit or equity, as applicable;
 

 
•  the ability of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company to continue to license or enforce the intellectual

property rights on which their businesses depend;
 

 
•  third parties may claim that Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company are infringing upon their

intellectual property, and Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company could suffer significant litigation or
licensing expenses or be prevented from selling products;

 

 
•  third parties may infringe upon Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s intellectual property, and

Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company may expend significant resources enforcing their rights or
suffer competitive injury;

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company could be subject to a significant amount of litigation, including

in connection with the merger, which could require the payment of significant damages or settlements;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company could incur significant costs resulting from complying with, or

potential violations of, environmental, health and human safety laws;
 

 
•  the timing and likelihood of completion of the merger, including the timing, receipt and terms and conditions of any required

governmental and regulatory approvals for the merger that could reduce anticipated benefits or cause the parties to abandon
the merger;

 

 •  the possibility that Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders may not approve the merger;
 

 •  the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals for Hawaiian Telcom will be made;
 

 •  the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger;
 

 
•  the possibility that the expected synergies and value creation from the merger will not be realized by the combined company

or will not be realized within the expected time period;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s or the combined company’s ability to maintain and improve cost efficiency of operations, including

savings from the previously announced internal reorganization;
 

 
•  the risk that the businesses of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom and other acquired companies will not be integrated

successfully;
 

 
•  disruption from the merger making it more difficult for Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company to

maintain business and operational relationships;
 

 •  the risk that unexpected costs will be incurred by Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the combined company; and
 

 
•  the possibility that the merger does not close, including due to the failure to satisfy the closing conditions and the other risks

and uncertainties detailed in their filings, including Cincinnati Bell’s
 

53



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 64/217

Table of Contents

 
Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, with the SEC as well as Hawaiian Telcom’s filings, including its Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, with the SEC.

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom caution that the foregoing list of factors is not exhaustive and caution against placing undue
reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect their respective current beliefs and are based on information currently available
to us as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. Additional information concerning these and other risk factors is contained in
Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016.

These forward-looking statements are based on information, plans and estimates as of the date hereof and there may be other
factors that may cause Cincinnati Bell’s, Hawaiian Telcom’s or the combined company’s, as applicable, actual results to differ
materially from these forward-looking statements. Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom assume no obligation to update the
information contained in this communication except as required by applicable law.
 

54



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 65/217

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM STOCKHOLDERS

This section contains information about the special meeting of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders that has been called, among other
reasons, to adopt the merger agreement, and to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation. This
document is being furnished to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Hawaiian Telcom
board of directors to be used at the special meeting. Hawaiian Telcom is first mailing this document and enclosed proxy card on or
about October 10, 2017.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

A special meeting of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will be held at the offices of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop
Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813 on November 7, 2017, starting at 8:00 a.m., local time (unless it is adjourned or postponed to a later
date).

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:
 

 1. to adopt the merger agreement;
 

 2. to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the merger-related compensation; and
 

 
3. to approve the adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the

proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Hawaiian Telcom will transact no other business at the special meeting except such business that may properly come before the
special meeting or any adjournment, postponement or other delay of the special meeting.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors has designated the close of business on September 26, 2017 as the “record date” that will
determine the stockholders who are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or at any adjournment or
postponement of the special meeting. Only holders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote at the
special meeting. At the close of business on the record date, there were 11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
outstanding, held by approximately 15 holders of record. Each holder of Hawaiian Telcom shares is entitled to one vote per share of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock held.

A majority of all issued and outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock at the close of business on the record date and
entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting, constitutes a quorum for the purposes of the special
meeting. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock owned by Hawaiian Telcom itself, or owned by another corporation, if a majority
of the shares entitled to vote in the election of directors of such other corporation is held, directly or indirectly, by Hawaiian Telcom,
are not voted and do not count for this purpose. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for which a stockholder directs an
“abstention” from voting will be counted for purposes of establishing a quorum. Broker non-votes will not be counted as shares present
and entitled to be voted for purposes of establishing a quorum. A quorum is necessary to transact business at the special meeting. Once
a share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock is represented at the special meeting, it will be counted for the purpose of determining a
quorum at the special meeting and any adjournment of the special meeting, unless a new record date is established. If a new record date
is set for the adjourned special meeting, then a new quorum will have to be established. In the event that a quorum is not present at the
special meeting, it is expected that the special meeting will be adjourned.
 

55



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 66/217

Table of Contents

Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

Vote Required

The merger agreement proposal must be approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all issued and
outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote thereon. Failures to vote, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal.

Approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of those shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The
vote to approve the merger-related compensation is not a condition to completion of the merger. The vote of Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders on the merger-related compensation that may be received by Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers in connection
with the merger is advisory in nature and will not be binding on Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom. Accordingly, regardless of the
outcome of the advisory vote, if the merger agreement is adopted and the merger is completed, the merger-related compensation may
be paid. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, while failures to
vote and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the advisory vote.

Any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt
the merger agreement requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon, regardless of whether a quorum is present.
Unless the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors fixes a new record date for the adjourned special meeting, the adjourned special
meeting is more than 30 days after the date of the original special meeting, or law otherwise requires, no notice of the adjourned special
meeting will be required so long as (i) the time and place to which the special meeting is adjourned, and the means of remote
communications, if any, by which holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock may be deemed to be present or represented by proxy
and vote at such adjourned meeting are announced at the original special meeting and (ii) at the adjourned special meeting only such
business is transacted as might have been transacted at the original special meeting. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, while failures to vote and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome
of the vote.

As of the record date, there were 11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding.

Abstentions

Abstentions are counted as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal and
the adjournment proposal. Abstentions are counted as shares present and entitled to be voted for the purposes of determining whether a
quorum is present.

Broker Non-Votes

Under applicable stock exchange rules, brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees holding shares of record may vote those shares
in their discretion on certain routine proposals when they do not receive timely voting instructions from the beneficial holders. A
“broker non-vote” occurs when a broker bank, trustee or other nominee holding shares of record is not permitted to vote on a non-
routine matter without instructions from the beneficial owner of the shares and no instruction is given.

Brokers, banks, trustees and other nominees who hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in “street name” for their
customers, but do not have discretionary authority to vote the shares, may not exercise their voting discretion with respect to the
adoption of the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. Accordingly, if
brokers, banks, trustees or other nominees
 

56



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 67/217

Table of Contents

do not receive specific voting instructions from the beneficial owner of such shares, they may not vote such shares with respect to the
adoption of the merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. For shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock held in “street name”, only shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock affirmatively voted “FOR” the
merger agreement proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal will be counted as affirmative
votes therefor. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, but will have no
effect on the approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal. Broker non-votes are not counted
as shares present and entitled to be voted for the purposes of determining whether a quorum is present.

Shares Held by Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of Hawaiian Telcom and their subsidiaries were
entitled to vote 2,983,418 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, or approximately 25.7% of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock issued and outstanding on that date.

Voting of Proxies

Attendance

All holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock as of the close of business on September 26, 2017, the record date for
voting at the special meeting, including stockholders of record and beneficial owners of Hawaiian Telcom common stock registered in
the “street name” of a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, are invited to attend the special meeting.

Stockholders will need to present proof of ownership of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and proper photo
identification, such as a driver’s license, to be admitted to the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, please be prepared to
provide proper photo identification, such as a driver’s license. If your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are held through a
broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you will need to provide proof of ownership, such as a recent account statement or voting
instructions form provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee or other similar evidence of ownership, along with proper
photo identification. If you are the representative of a corporate or institutional stockholder, you must present valid photo identification
along with proof that you are the representative of such stockholder. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags,
briefcases or packages will be permitted in the special meeting, except as administered by Hawaiian Telcom.

Voting in Person

Stockholders of record will be able to vote in person at the special meeting. If you are not a stockholder of record, but instead
hold your shares in “street name” through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you must provide a legal proxy executed in your
favor from your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee in order to be able to vote in person at the special meeting.

Submitting a Proxy or Providing Voting Instructions

To ensure that your shares are voted at the special meeting, we recommend that you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed
proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy by telephone or over the Internet, even if you plan to
attend the special meeting in person. If you attend the special meeting, you may vote by ballot, thereby revoking any proxy previously
given.
 

57



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 68/217

Table of Contents

Shares Held by Record Holder

If you are a stockholder of record, you may submit a proxy using one of the methods described below:

Voting by Proxy Card. This proxy statement/prospectus is accompanied by a proxy card with instructions for submitting voting
instructions. You can vote by completing and returning your signed proxy card. To vote using your proxy card, please mark, date and
sign the card and return it by mail in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope so that it is received in time for the special meeting. If
you vote by telephone or by Internet, you should not return a proxy card unless you wish to change your vote. If you sign, date and
return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor of each of the merger agreement
proposal, the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, and the adjournment proposal. If you are a stockholder of record and fail to
return your proxy card, unless you are a holder of record on the record date and attend the special meeting and vote in person, the effect
will be that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, but will not affect the approval of the advisory say-on-
compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal.

Voting by Telephone. You may vote by telephone by calling toll-free (within the U.S. or Canada) the number printed on the proxy
card. Your shares will be voted as you direct in the same manner as if you had completed, signed, dated and returned your proxy card,
as described above. Telephone voting is available 24 hours a day and will be accessible until 11:59 p.m. EST on November 6, 2017.

Voting by Internet. You may vote electronically in accordance with the instructions on the proxy card. Your shares will be voted
as you direct in the same manner as if you had completed, signed, dated and returned your proxy card, as described above. Internet
voting is available 24 hours a day and will be accessible until 11:59 p.m. EST on November 6, 2017.

Shares Held in “Street Name”

If you hold shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in the name of a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, you should follow
the instructions provided by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee when voting your Hawaiian Telcom shares or when granting
or revoking a proxy.

Absent specific instructions from you, your broker is not empowered to vote your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. The
shares not voted because brokers lack power to vote them without instructions are also known as “broker non-votes”, as described
above. Broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger agreement proposal, and will have no effect on
the approval of the advisory say-on-compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. Broker non-votes will not be counted as
present and entitled to be voted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. For shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock held in “street name”, only shares of common stock affirmatively voted “FOR” the merger agreement proposal
will be counted as a favorable vote for such proposal.

Revocability of Proxies

You may change your vote at any time prior to the vote at the special meeting. If you are the stockholder of record, you may
change your vote or revoke your proxy by (1) submitting a new proxy bearing a later date, by using the telephone or Internet proxy
submission procedures described above, or by completing, signing, dating and returning a new proxy card by mail to Hawaiian Telcom,
(2) attending the special meeting and voting in person or (3) delivering to the Secretary of Hawaiian Telcom a written notice of
revocation c/o Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813. Please note, however, that only your last-
dated proxy will count. Attendance at the special meeting will not cause your previously granted proxy to be revoked without taking
one of the actions described above. Please note that if you want to revoke your proxy by mailing a new proxy card to Hawaiian Telcom
or by sending a written notice of revocation to Hawaiian Telcom, you should
 

58



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 69/217

Table of Contents

ensure that you send your new proxy card or written notice of revocation in sufficient time for it to be received by Hawaiian Telcom
before the special meeting.

For shares you hold beneficially in “street name” through a bank, broker, or other nominee, you will need to follow the
instructions provided to you by your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee in order to revoke your proxy or submit new voting
instructions.

Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors has determined that it is advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom
and its stockholders for Hawaiian Telcom to enter into the merger agreement, complete the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger, and perform Hawaiian Telcom’s obligations thereunder, and has approved the merger agreement, the merger and
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors therefore recommends that the
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. In addition, the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors recommends that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote “FOR” the proposal to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis,
the merger-related compensation and “FOR” any adjournment of the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional
proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Hawaiian Telcom stockholders should carefully read this document in its entirety for more detailed information concerning the
merger agreement. In particular, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are directed to the merger agreement, which is attached hereto as
Annex A.

Adjournments and Postponements

Although it is not currently expected, the special meeting may be adjourned, including for the purpose of soliciting additional
proxies, if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement or if a
quorum is not present at the special meeting.

The special meeting may be adjourned by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of those shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon, regardless of whether a
quorum is present.

Any adjournment of the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies will allow the Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders who have already sent in their proxies to revoke them at any time prior to their use at the special meeting as adjourned.

Solicitation of Proxies

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom will each bear their own costs related to the merger and the retention of any information
agent or other service provider in connection with the merger, except for the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of this
document, which will be paid by Cincinnati Bell, and the expenses incurred in connection with the printing and mailing of this
document, which will be paid by Hawaiian Telcom. This proxy solicitation is being made by Hawaiian Telcom on behalf of the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors. Hawaiian Telcom has hired Innisfree to assist in the solicitation of proxies, and will pay Innisfree
a fee of approximately $25,000, plus certain costs associated with additional services, if required. In addition, Cincinnati Bell has hired
Georgeson to advise Cincinnati Bell in connection with the solicitation of proxies and will pay Georgeson a fee of approximately
$9,500, plus certain costs associated with additional services, if required. In addition to this mailing, proxies may be solicited by
Innisfree, Georgeson, directors, officers or employees of Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell or their respective affiliates in person, by
mail, by telephone or by electronic transmission. None of the directors, officers or employees of Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell
will be directly compensated for such services.
 

59



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 70/217

Table of Contents

Appraisal Rights

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, who continuously
hold their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time and who properly demand appraisal of their shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in
connection with the merger under Section 262. This means that holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who may exercise
appraisal rights and who also have properly exercised, perfected and not lost those appraisal rights are entitled to have their shares
appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest
(subject to certain exceptions) to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery, so long as those holders comply exactly with the procedures established by Section 262.

Due to the complexity of the appraisal process, stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights.
Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined pursuant to
Section 262 could be more than, the same as or less than the value of the merger consideration.

To perfect your appraisal rights, you must follow exactly the procedures specified under Section 262, including, (i) delivering a
written demand for appraisal that complies with Section 262 to Hawaiian Telcom before the vote is taken on the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement; (ii) not submitting a proxy or otherwise voting in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement; and
(iii) continuing to hold your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock of record through the effective time. Your failure to follow
exactly the procedures specified under Section 262 will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. If you hold your shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult
with your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by
such broker, bank, trustee or nominee. The Section 262 requirements for exercising appraisal rights are described in further detail in
this proxy statement/prospectus in the section titled “The Merger—Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 118, and Section 262
regarding appraisal rights is reproduced and attached as Annex D to this proxy statement/prospectus. This proxy statement constitutes a
formal notice of appraisal rights under Section 262 in connection with the merger.

Other Matters

You should NOT return your stock certificate or send documents representing Hawaiian Telcom common stock with the proxy
card. You will separately receive an election form containing written instructions for making an election with respect to your shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock and delivering your shares in connection therewith. If the merger is completed, the paying agent for
the merger will send you a letter of transmittal and instructions for exchanging your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for the
merger consideration (to the extent you have not already submitted and not revoked a validly completed election form).

Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on November 7, 2017

A copy of this proxy statement/prospectus is available, without charge, by written request to Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177
Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813, at www.hawaiiantel.com, or from the SEC website at www.sec.gov.
 

60



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 71/217

Table of Contents

Householding of Special Meeting Materials

Unless it has received contrary instructions, Hawaiian Telcom may send a single copy of this proxy statement/prospectus to any
household at which two or more Hawaiian Telcom stockholders reside if Hawaiian Telcom believes the stockholders are members of
the same family, as allowed under SEC rules. Each stockholder in the household will continue to receive a separate proxy card. This
process, known as “householding”, reduces the volume of duplicate information received at your household and helps to reduce
expenses.

We will promptly deliver, upon request, a separate copy of this proxy statement/prospectus to any Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
residing at an address at which only one copy was mailed. If you would like to receive your own copy of this proxy
statement/prospectus, follow the instructions described below. Similarly, if you share an address with another stockholder and together
both of you would like to receive only a single copy of this proxy statement/prospectus, follow these instructions.

If you are a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder of record and would like to receive your own copy of this proxy statement/prospectus
without charge, you may contact Hawaiian Telcom by writing to Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 1177
Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813 or by calling (808) 546-4511. Eligible stockholders of record receiving multiple copies of this
proxy statement/prospectus can request householding by contacting Hawaiian Telcom in the same manner. If a broker, bank, trustee or
other nominee holds your shares, please contact your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee directly.

Questions and Additional Information

If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or this proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional
copies of this proxy statement/prospectus or need help voting your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, please contact Hawaiian
Telcom’s proxy solicitor:

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th floor

New York, New York 10022
Stockholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834

Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833
 

61



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 72/217

Table of Contents

HAWAIIAN TELCOM PROPOSALS

Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement

Hawaiian Telcom is asking stockholders to adopt the merger agreement.

For a summary of and detailed information regarding this proposal, see the information about the merger agreement and the
merger throughout this proxy statement/prospectus, including the information set forth in the sections titled “The Merger” and “The
Merger Agreement”. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. You are urged to read
the merger agreement carefully in its entirety.

Under applicable law, we cannot complete the merger without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all outstanding
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to vote thereon. If you abstain from voting, fail to cast your vote, in person or by
proxy, or fail to give voting instructions to your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, it will have the same effect as a vote against the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” this proposal.

Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 2: Nonbinding, Advisory Vote to Approve Merger-Related Compensation

Section 14A of the Exchange Act, which was enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act
of 2010, requires that Hawaiian Telcom provide stockholders with the opportunity to vote to approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis,
the merger-related compensation, as disclosed in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Merger—Interests of
Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger”.

Hawaiian Telcom is asking Hawaiian Telcom stockholders to indicate their approval, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, of the
merger-related compensation. These payments are set forth in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Merger—
Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to
Hawaiian Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger” and the accompanying footnotes. These arrangements
are believed to be reasonable and in line with marketplace norms.

Accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom is seeking approval of the following resolution at the special meeting:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc. approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the
compensation that will be paid or may become payable to Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers that is based on or
otherwise relates to the merger as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the section titled “The Merger—Interests
of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to
Hawaiian Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger” in Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy statement/prospectus
for the special meeting”.

Stockholders should note that this proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger, and as an advisory vote, the result will
not be binding on Hawaiian Telcom, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors or Cincinnati Bell. Further, the underlying plans and
arrangements are contractual in nature and not, by their terms, subject to stockholder approval. Accordingly, regardless of the outcome
of the nonbinding vote on the advisory say-on-compensation proposal, if the merger is completed, the merger-related compensation
may be paid or become payable to Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers in connection with the merger in accordance with the
terms and conditions applicable to those payments.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” this proposal.
 

62



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 73/217

Table of Contents

Hawaiian Telcom Proposal 3: Adjournment of the Hawaiian Telcom Special Meeting

Hawaiian Telcom is asking stockholders to approve a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to
solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. If stockholders
approve the adjournment proposal, we could adjourn the special meeting and any adjourned session of the special meeting and use the
additional time to solicit additional proxies, including proxies from stockholders that have previously returned properly executed
proxies voting against adoption of the merger agreement. Among other things, approval of the adjournment proposal could mean that,
even if Hawaiian Telcom had received proxies representing a sufficient number of votes against adoption of the merger agreement such
that merger agreement proposal would be defeated, Hawaiian Telcom could adjourn the special meeting without a vote on the adoption
of the merger agreement and seek to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to vote in favor of adoption of the
merger agreement. Additionally, Hawaiian Telcom may seek to adjourn the special meeting if a quorum is not present or otherwise at
the discretion of the chairman of the special meeting.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” this proposal.
 

63



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 74/217

Table of Contents

THE COMPANIES

Cincinnati Bell Inc.

Cincinnati Bell, an Ohio corporation, together with its subsidiaries, provides integrated communications and IT solutions for
residential and business customers. Through its Entertainment and Communications business segment, Cincinnati Bell provides high
speed data, video, and voice solutions to consumers and businesses over an expanding fiber network and a legacy copper network. In
addition, through its wholly owned subsidiary, CBTS, Cincinnati Bell provides customers across the United States with the sale and
service of efficient, end-to-end communications and IT systems and solutions.

Cincinnati Bell’s Entertainment and Communications business segment provides products and services such as high-speed
internet, data transport, local voice, long distance, Voice over Internet Protocol (“VoIP”), video and other services. Cincinnati Bell
Telephone Company LLC (“CBT”), a subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell, is the incumbent local exchange carrier (“ILEC”) for a geography
that covers a radius of approximately 25 miles around Cincinnati, Ohio, and includes parts of northern Kentucky and southeastern
Indiana. CBT has operated in this territory for over 140 years. The segment also provides voice and data services beyond its ILEC
territory, particularly in Dayton and Mason, Ohio, through the operations of Cincinnati Bell Extended Territories LLC, a competitive
local exchange carrier and subsidiary of CBT. The Entertainment and Communications segment provides long distance and VoIP
services primarily through its Cincinnati Bell Any Distance Inc.

Cincinnati Bell’s IT Services and Hardware business segment provides a full range of managed IT solutions, including managed
telephony, network and infrastructure services, equipment sales, and professional IT staffing services. These services and products are
provided in various geographic areas throughout the United States and the United Kingdom through Cincinnati Bell’s subsidiaries. By
offering a full range of equipment and managed services in conjunction with Cincinnati Bell’s network expertise, the IT Services and
Hardware segment provides end-to-end IT and telecommunications solutions designed to reduce cost and mitigate risk while
optimizing performance for its customers.

Cincinnati Bell’s common shares are listed on the NYSE under the symbol “CBB”.

Twin Acquisition Corp.

Merger Sub, a Delaware corporation, is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell and was formed solely for the
purpose of facilitating the merger. Merger Sub has not carried on any activities or operations to date, except for those activities
incidental to its formation and undertaken in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Upon completing
the merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist.

The principal executive offices of both Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub are located at 221 East Fourth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio
45202, and their telephone number is (513) 397-9900.

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.

Hawaiian Telcom is the largest full service provider of communications services and products in Hawai‘i. It provides local
telephone service including voice and data transport, enhanced custom calling features, network access, directory assistance and private
lines. In addition, Hawaiian Telcom provides high-speed Internet, long distance services, next generation television service, next
generation Internet protocol (IP)-based network services, customer premises equipment, data solutions, managed services, billing and
collection and wireless services. Hawaiian Telcom’s services are offered on all of Hawai‘i’s major islands, except for Hawaiian
Telcom’s next generation television service, which currently is available only on the island of Oahu. As of June 30, 2017, Hawaiian
Telcom’s telecommunications operations served approximately 283,000 voice access
 

64



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 75/217

Table of Contents

lines, 21,000 business Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) lines, 109,000 high-speed Internet lines, and 43,000 video subscribers.
Hawaiian Telcom also provides data center services including colocation and virtual private cloud.

Hawaiian Telcom was incorporated in Delaware in 2004. Originally incorporated in Hawai‘i in 1883 as Mutual Telephone
Company, Hawaiian Telcom’s subsidiary Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. has a strong heritage of over 133 years as Hawai‘i’s communications
carrier. From 1967 to May 1, 2005, Hawaiian Telcom operated as a division of Verizon Communications Inc. (“Verizon”) or its
predecessors. On May 2, 2005, the Verizon businesses conducted in Hawai‘i were reorganized and consolidated (the “2005
Reorganization”) into Hawaiian Telcom Communications, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian
Telcom. As a result of the 2005 Reorganization, Hawaiian Telcom became a standalone provider of communications services,
operating as Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. and Hawaiian Telcom Services Company, Inc., both wholly owned subsidiaries of Hawaiian
Telcom Communications, Inc.

On December 1, 2008, Hawaiian Telcom, Hawaiian Telcom Communications, Inc., Hawaiian Telcom, Inc., Hawaiian Telcom
Services Company, Inc. and certain other affiliates (collectively, the “Debtors”) filed voluntary petitions for relief under chapter 11 of
the U.S. Bankruptcy Code in order to facilitate a balance sheet restructuring. The Debtors’ chapter 11 Plan of Reorganization became
effective, and Hawaiian Telcom and other Debtors emerged from chapter 11, on October 28, 2010.

Hawaiian Telcom, Inc., a Hawai‘i corporation, is the ILEC in Hawai‘i and operates Hawaiian Telcom’s regulated local exchange
carrier business. Hawaiian Telcom Services Company, Inc., a Delaware corporation, operates other businesses including Internet,
television, advanced communications and network services, managed services, data center services including colocation and virtual
private cloud, cloud-based services, long distance and wireless businesses. SystemMetrics Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of
Hawaiian Telcom Services Company, Inc. and a Hawai‘i corporation, provides data center services including colocation and virtual
private cloud. Wavecom Solutions Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of Hawaiian Telcom, Inc. and a Hawai‘i corporation,
provides voice, data and converged services.

Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “HCOM”.

Hawaiian Telcom’s principal executive office is located at 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813, and its telephone
number is (808) 546-4511.
 

65



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 76/217

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

Effect of the Merger

Upon completion of the merger, Merger Sub will merge with and into Hawaiian Telcom. Hawaiian Telcom will be the surviving
corporation in the merger and will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell.

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger (other than excepted shares) will be converted into the right to receive, at the holder’s election and subject to
proration as set forth in the merger agreement and described below, (i) 1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of
fractional shares; (ii) 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares;
or (iii) $30.75 in cash, without interest. The exchange ratios are fixed and will not be adjusted to reflect stock price changes prior to the
closing of the merger. Cincinnati Bell shareholders will continue to hold their existing Cincinnati Bell common shares.

Effect on Hawaiian Telcom if the Merger Is Not Completed

If the merger agreement is not adopted or if the merger is not completed for any other reason, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will
not receive any payment for their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Instead, Hawaiian Telcom will remain an independent
public company, and shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will continue to be listed and traded on NASDAQ and registered under
the Exchange Act and Hawaiian Telcom will continue to file periodic and current reports with the SEC. In addition, if the merger is not
completed, Hawaiian Telcom expects that its management will operate the business in a manner similar to that in which it is being
operated today and that stockholders will continue to be subject to the same risks and opportunities to which they are currently subject,
including, among other things, the nature of the industry on which Hawaiian Telcom’s business largely depends, and general industry,
economic, regulatory and market conditions.

Furthermore, if the merger is not completed, depending on the circumstances that caused the merger not to be completed, the
price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock may decline significantly. If that were to occur, it is uncertain when, if ever, the price of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock would return to the price at which it trades as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus.

Accordingly, if the merger is not completed, there can be no assurance as to the effect of these risks and opportunities on the
future value of your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. If the merger is not completed, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors
will continue to evaluate and review Hawaiian Telcom’s business operations, strategic direction and capitalization, among other things,
and will make such changes as are deemed appropriate. If the merger agreement is not adopted or if the merger is not completed for
any other reason, there can be no assurance that any other transaction acceptable to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors will be
offered or that Hawaiian Telcom’s business, prospects or results of operation will not be adversely impacted.

If the merger agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, Hawaiian Telcom will be obligated to pay Cincinnati Bell a
break-up fee of $11.94 million. For more information, see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “The Merger Agreement
—Expenses and Termination Fees; Liability for Breach” beginning on page 139.

Merger Consideration

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger (other than excepted shares) will be converted into the right to
 

66



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 77/217

Table of Contents

receive, at the holder’s election and subject to proration as set forth in the merger agreement and described below, (i) 1.6305 Cincinnati
Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares; (ii) 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without
interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares; or (iii) $30.75 in cash, without interest. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who elect to
receive the share consideration or the cash consideration will be subject to proration to ensure that the aggregate number of Cincinnati
Bell common shares to be issued by Cincinnati Bell in the merger and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid in the merger will be the
same as if all stockholders received the mixed consideration.

Cincinnati Bell will not issue any fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger. Instead, a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who otherwise would have received a fraction of a Cincinnati Bell common share will receive an amount in cash equal to
such fractional amount multiplied by the closing sale price of Cincinnati Bell common shares on the NYSE on the last trading day prior
to the effective time of the merger.

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, who continuously
hold their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time and who properly demand appraisal of their shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in
connection with the merger under Section 262. This means that holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who may exercise
appraisal rights and who also have properly exercised, perfected and not lost those appraisal rights are entitled to have their shares
appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest
(subject to certain exceptions) to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery, so long as those holders comply exactly with the procedures established by Section 262. For additional information about
appraisal rights, see “Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders—Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 60 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

If, between July 9, 2017 and the effective time of the merger, the number of outstanding Cincinnati Bell common shares or shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock changes into a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend,
subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination or exchange of shares, or any similar event occurs, then the merger
consideration will be appropriately adjusted to provide to Cincinnati Bell and the holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock the same
economic effect as contemplated by the merger agreement prior to such event.

Based upon the closing sale price of the Cincinnati Bell common shares on the NYSE of $21.50 on October 4, 2017, the last
practicable trading date prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, (i) the value of the share consideration was approximately
$35.06, (ii) the value of the mixed consideration was approximately $32.47 and (iii)  the value of the cash consideration was $30.75.

Election Materials and Procedures

An election form will separately be mailed to each holder of record of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, which permits the holder
(or, in the case of nominee record holders, the beneficial owner, through proper instructions and documentation) to specify: (i) the
number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a mixed election, (ii) the
number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a cash election and
(iii) the number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a share election.
Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell have mutually agreed pursuant to the merger agreement that the deadline for submitting a
properly completed and signed election form will be 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell
agree is as near as practicable to two business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger (the “election deadline”).
Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell will cooperate to publicly announce by press release the election deadline at least five business
days prior to the election deadline. While Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell have agreed to establish an election deadline that is a
relatively short period of time before the
 

67



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 78/217

Table of Contents

anticipated closing date of the merger, there can be no assurance that unforeseen circumstances will not cause the anticipated closing
date of the merger to be delayed after the election deadline has been established. If the anticipated closing date of the merger is delayed
to a subsequent date, the election deadline will not be delayed. Cincinnati Bell will direct the exchange agent to make election forms
available as may be reasonably requested by all persons who acquire shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock during the period
following the record date for the special meeting and prior to the election deadline. Any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
(other than dissenting shares) with respect to which the exchange agent has not received an effective, properly completed election form
by the election deadline will be deemed to be “non-election shares”, and the holders of such non-election shares will be deemed to have
made a mixed election with respect to such non-election shares.

An election will be considered to have been made properly only if the exchange agent receives by the election deadline an
election form properly completed and signed and accompanied by, as applicable:
 

 
•  certificates representing shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to which the election form relates, duly endorsed in

blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the books of Hawaiian Telcom;
 

 
•  an appropriate customary guarantee of delivery of such certificates, as set forth in such election form, from a firm that is an

“eligible guarantor institution” (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act) (provided such certificates are then
delivered to the exchange agent by the time required in such guarantee of delivery); or

 

 •  in the case of book-entry shares, any additional documents specified in the procedures set forth in the election form.

After an election is properly made with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, any subsequent transfer of such
shares will automatically revoke such election.

Any election form may be revoked or changed by the authorized person properly submitting such election form, by written notice
received by the exchange agent prior to the election deadline. In the event an election form is revoked prior to the election deadline, the
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock represented by such election form will become non-election shares, except to the extent a
subsequent election is properly made with respect to any or all of such shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock prior to the election
deadline. Subject to the terms of the merger agreement and the election form, the exchange agent will have reasonable discretion to
determine whether any election, revocation or change has been properly or timely made and to disregard immaterial defects in the
election forms, and any good faith decisions of the exchange agent (or, in the event that the exchange agent declines to make any such
determination, the joint determination of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom) regarding such matters shall be binding and
conclusive. None of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the exchange agent shall be under any obligation to notify any person of any
defect in an election form. If the merger is not completed, termination of the merger agreement will result in the revocation of all
election forms delivered to the exchange agent prior to such termination.

The election form and proxy card are separate documents and should each be completed in their entirety and sent to the
appropriate addressee as directed in the instructions accompanying such materials. In lieu of completing a proxy card, you may also
vote by telephone or over the Internet. For further information, please see the section titled “Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom
Stockholders—Voting of Proxies” beginning on page  57.

Proration Procedures

A stockholder’s ability to elect to receive cash or Cincinnati Bell common shares in exchange for shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock in the merger is subject to proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement. These procedures are designed to
ensure that the total amount of cash paid, and the total number of Cincinnati Bell common shares issued, in the merger to the holders of
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, as a whole, will equal the total amount of cash and number of shares that would have been
paid and issued if all shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock were converted into the mixed consideration.
 

68



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 79/217

Table of Contents

Whether you receive the amount of cash and/or stock you request in your election form will depend in part on the elections of
other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. If you make a mixed election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you
will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares. If you make a share election or a cash election with respect to any shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you may not receive the exact form of consideration that you elect in respect of such shares. If you
make no election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and do not properly demand appraisal in accordance
with the DGCL, you will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares.

The greater the oversubscription of the share election, the fewer shares and more cash a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the
share election will receive. Reciprocally, the greater the oversubscription of the cash election, the less cash and more Cincinnati Bell
common shares a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the cash election will receive. However, in no event will a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who makes the cash election or the share election receive less cash and more Cincinnati Bell common shares, or fewer
Cincinnati Bell common shares and more cash, respectively, than a stockholder who makes the mixed election.

Set forth below are illustrative examples of how the proration and adjustment procedures will work in the event there is an
oversubscription of the cash election or the share election. For purposes of these examples, all potential issuable shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock in respect of RSUs and annual performance-based bonuses and retention bonuses (“Annual and Retention
Bonuses”) are deemed issued and outstanding as of the closing date (assuming any applicable performance criteria are achieved at
maximum performance levels).

Example A — Proration if Too Many Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders Elect to Receive All Cash. For purposes of this example,
assume the following:
 

 
•  There are (i) 11,587,963 outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, (ii) 386,010 outstanding shares of Hawaiian

Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and (iii) 162,444 outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention Bonuses.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a mixed election with respect to (i) 1,158,796 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, (ii) 38,601 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and
(iii) 16,244 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention
Bonuses.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a cash election with respect to (i) 6,952,778 shares (or 60%) of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, (ii) 231,606 shares (or 60%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and
(iii) 97,466 shares (or 60%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention
Bonuses.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a share election with respect to the remaining (i) 3,476,389 shares (or 30%) of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock, (ii) 115,803 shares (or 30%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian
Telcom RSUs and (iii) 48,733 shares (or 30%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual
and Retention Bonuses.

 

 •  There are no rollover RSUs and no dissenting shares.
 

 
•  You hold 1,000 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and have made an effective cash election with respect to those

shares. In this example, proration would be required with respect to the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who made a cash
election.

Step 1. Derive the cash election amount. The cash election amount equals (a) (i) the number of shares with respect to which cash
elections have been made plus (ii) the number of shares in respect of RSUs with respect to which cash elections have been made plus
(iii) the number of shares in respect of Annual and Retention Bonuses with respect to which cash elections have been made multiplied
by (b) the cash consideration of $30.75.
 

69



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 80/217

Table of Contents

In this example, the cash election amount is calculated as follows:

(6,952,778 + 231,606 + 97,466) * $30.75 = $223,916,887.50

Step 2. Derive the available cash election amount. The available cash election amount equals (a) the product of (i) $18.45
multiplied by (ii) (A) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of
the merger plus (B) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of RSUs outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger plus (C) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Annual and Retention
Bonuses outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger minus (b) the product of (i) (A) the number of shares with
respect to which a mixed election has been made plus (B) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of RSUs
with respect to which a mixed election has been made plus (C) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of
Annual and Retention Bonuses with respect to which a mixed election has been made multiplied by (ii) $18.45, minus (c) the product
of (i) the number of dissenting shares multiplied by (ii) $18.45.

In this example, the available cash election amount is calculated as follows:

((11,587,963 + 386,010 + 162,444) * $18.45) – ((1,158,796 + 38,601 + 16,244) *
$18.45) = $201,525,217.20

Step 3. Determine the pro rata cash consideration to be received by each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to
which a cash election is made. The pro rata cash consideration is calculated by multiplying $30.75 by a fraction, the numerator of
which is the available cash election amount and the denominator of which is the cash election amount (such fraction, the “cash
fraction”).

In this example, the pro rata cash consideration is calculated as follows:
 

$30.75 x
 $201,525,217.20   

= $27.68
 $223,916,887.50   

Step 4. Determine the pro rata share consideration to be received by each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect
to which a cash election is made. The pro rata stock consideration is a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares equal to the share
consideration of (a) 1.6305 multiplied by (b) (i) one minus (ii) the cash fraction.

In this example, the pro rata stock consideration is calculated as follows:

1.6305 * (1 – 0.90) = 0.1630

Thus, in this example, if you own 1,000 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and make a cash election with respect to those
shares, you would receive:
 

 •  $27,675 in cash; and
 

 •  163 Cincinnati Bell common shares

Example B — Proration if Too Many Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders Elect to Receive All Shares. For purposes of this example,
assume the following:
 

 
•  There are (i) 11,587,963 outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, (ii) 386,010 outstanding shares of Hawaiian

Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and (iii) 162,444 outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention Bonuses.

 
70



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 81/217

Table of Contents

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a mixed election with respect to (i) 1,158,796 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, (ii) 38,601 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and
(iii) 16,244 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention
Bonuses.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a cash election with respect to (i) 1,158,796 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, (ii) 38,601 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and
(iii) 16,244 shares (or 10%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention
Bonuses.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom stockholders make a share election with respect to (i) 9,270,371 shares (or 80%) of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, (ii) 308,808 shares (or 80%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom RSUs and
(iii) 129,956 shares (or 80%) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Hawaiian Telcom Annual and Retention
Bonuses.

 

 •  There are no rollover RSUs and no dissenting shares.
 

 
•  You hold 1,000 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and have made an effective share election with respect to those

shares. In this example, proration would be required with respect to the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who made a share
election.

Step 1. Derive the cash election amount. In this example, the cash election amount is calculated as follows:

(1,158,796 + 38,601 + 16,244) * $30.75 = $37,319,460.75

Step 2. Derive the available cash election amount. In this example, the available cash election amount is calculated as follows:

((11,587,963 + 386,010 + 162,444) * $18.45) – ((1,158,796 + 38,601 + 16,244) *
$18.45) = $201,525,217.20

Step 3. Determine the pro rata cash consideration to be received by each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to
which a share election is made. The pro rata cash consideration is calculated by dividing (a) the difference between (i) the available
cash election amount and (ii) the cash election amount by (b) (i) the number of Hawaiian Telcom shares with respect to which a share
election was made plus (ii) number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of RSUs with respect to which a share
election was made plus (iii) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in respect of Annual and Retention Bonuses with
respect to which a share election was made.

In this example, the pro rata cash consideration is calculated as follows:
 

$201,525,217.20 – $37,319,460.75   
= $16.91

9,270,371 + 308,808 + 129,956   

Step 4. Determine the pro rata share consideration to be received by each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect
to which a share election is made. The pro rata share consideration is a number Cincinnati Bell common shares equal to the share
consideration of (a) 1.6305 multiplied by (b) a fraction, (i) the numerator of which is the difference between (A) the cash consideration
of $30.75 and (B) $16.91 (the cash amount calculated in Step 3) and (ii) the denominator of which is the cash consideration of $30.75.

In this example, the pro rata share consideration is calculated as follows:
 

$1.6305 x
 ($30.75 – $16.91)   

= 0.7337
 $30.75   

 
71



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 82/217

Table of Contents

Thus, in this example, if you own 1,000 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and make a share election with respect to
those shares, you would receive:
 

 •  $16,913 in cash; and
 

 •  734 Cincinnati Bell common shares.

No Recommendation Regarding Elections

Neither Hawaiian Telcom nor Cincinnati Bell is making any recommendation as to which merger consideration election a
Hawaiian Telcom stockholder should make. If you are a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder, you must make your own decision with respect
to these elections and may wish to seek the advice of your own attorneys or accountants.

Information About the Merger Consideration Elections

The mix of consideration payable to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who make the share election and/or the cash election will not
be known until the exchange agent tallies the results of the elections made by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, which will not occur
until after the shareholder meeting.

Background of the Merger

The board of directors and management of Hawaiian Telcom have regularly reviewed Hawaiian Telcom’s business plan, financial
position and results of operations with a view toward maximizing value for Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders. These reviews have
included consideration of Hawaiian Telcom’s long-term strategic plans, the potential benefits of such plans and the risks in
implementing such plans. As part of this ongoing process, Hawaiian Telcom’s senior management has also regularly considered and
evaluated, and discussed with Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, various strategic alternatives potentially available to Hawaiian
Telcom to enhance stockholder value, including continuation of Hawaiian Telcom’s business plan as a standalone enterprise, strategic
acquisitions to increase scale, seeking improved debt financing terms and structures, stock repurchases and dividends and other
potential transactions.

Since 2014, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors has invited UBS to present at Hawaiian Telcom’s annual board of directors
retreat in Hawai‘i regarding current developments in the telecom industry landscape, Hawaiian Telcom’s position in that landscape and
various strategic alternatives potentially available to Hawaiian Telcom.

Over the course of the second half of 2016, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and senior management came to recognize, in
light of significant sector consolidation taking place, as well as the increasing challenges of competing in Hawai‘i as a sub-scale
operator against the much larger Charter Communications Inc., that it may be in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom and its
stockholders to consider potential strategic alternatives to maximize the value to stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom given its substantial
ongoing capital expenditure investments in its next generation fiber infrastructure. In addition, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors
recognized that persistently thin trading volume in Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock had resulted in limited current and foreseeable
opportunities for stockholders to achieve meaningful liquidity.

Against the background of these increasingly challenging market forces, Hawaiian Telcom entered into an engagement letter with
UBS, effective December 1, 2016, to engage the investment bank as its financial advisor to provide strategic advice regarding available
alternatives to increase stockholder value, including exploring potential interest among possible acquirors in a business combination
transaction with Hawaiian Telcom. The engagement letter provided that any financial advisory services related to a specific transaction,
should one emerge, would be included in a separate engagement letter to be entered into at such future time.
 

72



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 83/217

Table of Contents

Between December 2016 and March 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, representatives of UBS provided Hawaiian Telcom
management with general industry perspectives as well as analysis regarding the trend toward consolidation in the telecom sector,
which was evident during this period by the public announcement of several such business combination transactions.

On March 10, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened a telephonic meeting with members of management and
representatives of UBS present. Hawaiian Telcom’s chief financial officer and treasurer, Dan Bessey, reviewed various potential
alternatives to increase stockholder value by returning capital to stockholders. As part of this review, Mr. Bessey discussed several
potential dividend payment scenarios utilizing management’s five-year financial forecast (which forecast we refer to as the “Five-Year
Hawaiian Telcom Forecast” and which is defined and described in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Certain
Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts”) and a downside sensitivity analysis against the Five-Year Hawaiian
Telcom Forecast (the “Five-Year Sensitivity”). As discussed below, the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast was subsequently
superseded by the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast, which is defined and described in the section of this proxy
statement/prospectus titled “—Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts”. In addition, because the Five-
Year Sensitivity was developed for the purpose of assessing potential sources of funding for hypothetical return of capital scenarios,
had not undergone the systematic bottom-up reforecasting process utilized by Hawaiian Telcom management to develop its five-year
forecasts (including the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast) and did not
reflect or incorporate actual year-to-date performance data or real-time competitive dynamics, the board of directors did not rely on the
Five-Year Sensitivity in making its determination with respect to the merger but rather utilized it as a mechanism to assess such
potential alternative return of capital scenarios.

Also at the March 10, 2017 meeting, representatives of UBS reviewed with Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and
management the recent telecom sector business combination transactions, prospective parties that may be interested in pursuing a
strategic transaction with Hawaiian Telcom, the merits and weaknesses of alternative transactions and the methods for exploring
available alternatives. Regarding the field of potentially interested buyers, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors discussed with the
representatives of UBS the relative advantages and risks of pursuing a transaction with a strategic buyer versus a financial buyer. In
particular, the parties discussed what Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and management considered to be a significantly higher
execution risk associated with a financial buyer given Hawaiian Telcom’s prior history with private equity ownership (notably, the
impact of high leverage levels and operational issues during the tenure of its previous financial sponsor owner, culminating in 2008
with Hawaiian Telcom’s filing of a voluntary petition for relief under chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code), the regulatory
environment in Hawai‘i (including the requirement to obtain the approval of any business combination transaction by Hawai‘i’s Public
Utilities Commission) and the high leverage levels likely required to generate the rates of return typically sought by private equity
sponsors. The board of directors requested that management develop a plan to evaluate opportunities to engage in a potential
transaction with a strategic partner.

On March 15, 2017, prior to any outreach by UBS, Leigh Fox, then president and chief operating officer of Cincinnati Bell (and
presently president and chief executive officer of Cincinnati Bell), e-mailed Scott Barber, president and chief executive officer of
Hawaiian Telcom, to schedule a telephone call. A call was subsequently scheduled for March 23, 2017.

On March 16, 2017, representatives of Moelis & Company LLC (“Moelis”), Cincinnati Bell’s financial advisor, contacted
representatives of UBS to preview the purpose of Mr. Fox’s request to talk with Mr. Barber, which was to discuss at a high level the
potential merits of a combination of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom.

On March 21, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened a telephonic meeting, with members of management
present, during which management reviewed a buyer engagement outreach plan developed with
 

73



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 84/217

Table of Contents

input from UBS and approved by Hawaiian Telcom’s management, including the merits of the proposed candidates and the previously
articulated rationale for focusing such outreach on potential strategic partners. The buyer engagement outreach plan outlined a process
for engaging a pool of nine parties, all prospective strategic buyers and including Cincinnati Bell, regarding the potential exploration of
a strategic business combination with Hawaiian Telcom. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors unanimously determined UBS and
management should, and authorized and directed UBS and management to, pursue exploratory outreach to all nine identified parties as
set forth in the buyer engagement outreach plan.

On March 23, 2017, a representative of UBS met with Mr. Fox for a previously scheduled meeting. During this meeting, pursuant
to the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan, the UBS representative talked informally with Mr. Fox about Hawaiian
Telcom, Cincinnati Bell and the potential merits of a combination. That same day, a representative of UBS met with Mark Fahner, vice
president of corporate development of Cincinnati Bell. During this meeting, pursuant to the previously authorized buyer engagement
outreach plan, the UBS representative talked informally with Mr. Fahner about Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell and the potential
merits of a combination.

Later on March 23, 2017, Mr. Fox and Mr. Barber spoke by telephone. Mr. Fox communicated Cincinnati Bell’s interest in
evaluating a possible combination of the two companies. Mr. Barber explained Hawaiian Telcom would be willing to explore the value
a business combination might provide for Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders. Messrs. Fox and Barber discussed Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom entering into a confidentiality agreement before engaging in further, more detailed discussions. Messrs. Fox and
Barber also agreed they should have an in-person meeting during Mr. Barber’s upcoming trip to the U.S. mainland.

On March 27, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell executed a confidentiality agreement to facilitate the exploration of a
potential strategic transaction. The confidentiality agreement included a standstill provision that terminated upon Hawaiian Telcom’s
entry into the merger agreement.

On March 27, 2017, Mr. Barber e-mailed the chief executive officer of Party A, a publicly traded communications services
provider, requesting a telephone meeting. A call was scheduled for April 10, 2017.

On March 29, 2017, Mr. Barber contacted the chief executive officer of Party B, a publicly traded communications services
provider, via e-mail requesting to schedule a telephone call. Party B’s chief executive officer did not respond to Mr. Barber’s e-mail but
subsequently indicated to a representative of UBS that Party B was occupied with integration activities related to a recent acquisition it
had made and therefore was not interested in pursuing a business combination with Hawaiian Telcom at that time.

On March 31, 2017, a representative of UBS received a telephone call from a representative of Moelis. On the call, the parties
discussed the general parameters of engagement between their clients and expectations for timing for exploring a potential transaction.
In addition, the representative of Moelis communicated that Cincinnati Bell would likely need to pay all stock consideration in any
potential transaction. The representative of UBS indicated he would communicate Cincinnati Bell’s preferred form of consideration to
Hawaiian Telcom. The representative of UBS further noted, pursuant to Hawaiian Telcom’s previous direction, that, irrespective of the
form of consideration, Hawaiian Telcom was seeking a meaningful premium to its current stock price, typical in the market for similar
transactions.

Also on March 31, 2017, pursuant to the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan, a representative of UBS spoke
via telephone with the chief executive officer of Party C, a privately held information and communications technology services and
solutions provider. Party C’s chief executive officer indicated Party C may be interested in engaging in further discussions. A
representative of UBS subsequently sent Party C’s chief executive officer a draft confidentiality agreement in order to facilitate further
discussion, which was never returned. In the following weeks, representatives of UBS made multiple follow up inquiries to Party C’s
chief executive officer, but did not receive a response.

On April 6, 2017, pursuant to the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan, a representative of UBS held an
introductory telephone call with representatives of Party D, a publicly traded communications infrastructure provider. On this call,
Party D expressed a potential interest in acquiring Hawaiian Telcom.
 

74



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 85/217

Table of Contents

On April 10, 2017, Mr. Barber spoke via telephone with the chief executive officer of Party A. Mr. Barber and Party A’s chief
executive officer discussed whether there were opportunities to engage in a business combination. Party A’s chief executive officer
indicated that it was not possible for Party A to pursue a business combination with Hawaiian Telcom at that time or in the near term,
because Party A’s management was occupied with integration activities relating to a recent acquisition transaction, but that the parties
should remain in contact.

On April 11, 2017, pursuant to the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan, a representative of UBS met with
representatives of Party E, a publicly traded communications services provider, to discuss Hawaiian Telcom. A representative of Party
E subsequently contacted a representative of UBS to indicate a potential interest in the opportunity.

On April 13, 2017, Mr. Barber and Mr. Bessey held a preliminary diligence telephone conference call with members of Cincinnati
Bell management (including Mr. Fox and Cincinnati Bell’s chief financial officer, Andy Kaiser), representatives of Moelis and
representatives of UBS, covering a broad range of due diligence topics regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s business, including a business and
financial overview, and information regarding network, operations and information technology matters.

Also on April 13, 2017, Mr. Barber reviewed with the executive committee of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors the content
and status of discussions with Cincinnati Bell to date, as well as the status of outreach that was then ongoing with each of Party A,
Party B, Party C, Party D and Party E.

In mid-April 2017, a representative of UBS was contacted by the financial advisor to Party F, a smaller publicly traded
communications services provider, to inquire about Hawaiian Telcom’s potential interest in a combination of Hawaiian Telcom and
Party F. Party F was not among the parties identified for outreach in the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan, but
Hawaiian Telcom and Party F had engaged in prior discussions in 2015 that did not proceed beyond the preliminary stage. Based on the
previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan which did not contemplate engaging in discussions with Party F, the UBS
representative indicated there was likely no interest from Hawaiian Telcom at the current time to engage in such discussions and that,
even if Hawaiian Telcom’s perspective changed in the future, the only transaction structure likely to be considered would be an
acquisition of Party F by Hawaiian Telcom given Hawaiian Telcom’s considerably larger size among other characteristics of the two
businesses. The representative of UBS indicated UBS would confirm its assessment with the board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom
and inform Party F if Hawaiian Telcom would be willing to engage in further discussion regarding a potential combination of Hawaiian
Telcom and Party F.

On April 20, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom entered into a confidentiality agreement with Party D to facilitate the exploration of a
potential strategic transaction. The confidentiality agreement included a standstill provision that terminated upon Hawaiian Telcom’s
entry into the merger agreement.

On April 21, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom entered into a confidentiality agreement with Party E to facilitate the exploration of a
potential strategic transaction. The confidentiality agreement included a standstill provision that terminated upon Hawaiian Telcom’s
entry into the merger agreement.

On April 26, 2017, Mr. Fox called Mr. Barber and communicated why he believed a business combination between Hawaiian
Telcom and Cincinnati Bell could be mutually beneficial to their respective stockholders, including the many striking similarities
between the two company’s products and services, business plan, strategy and culture. Mr. Fox stated that although Cincinnati Bell
could not offer a significant premium to Hawaiian Telcom’s current trading price (which was then trading near its 52-week high),
Cincinnati Bell had modeled a purchase price in the mid-$26 per share range when Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock was trading
closer to $23 per share the previous month. Mr. Barber indicated he did not believe an offer in the mid-$26 per share range would
likely be compelling to Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, as the board of directors was seeking a meaningful premium to
Hawaiian Telcom’s current stock price for Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders.
 

75



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 86/217

Table of Contents

Mr. Barber also noted Hawaiian Telcom was engaged in ongoing conversations with other interested parties regarding a potential
transaction. Messrs. Fox and Barber agreed to discuss the matter further with their respective advisors and to continue exploring
alternatives.

On April 28, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors held a regularly scheduled in-person annual meeting at Hawaiian
Telcom’s headquarters in Honolulu. Members of Hawaiian Telcom management also attended. Mr. Bessey reviewed with the board of
directors Hawaiian Telcom’s March 31, 2017 year-to-date financial results as compared with the 2017 budget and the prior year’s
results. Mr. Bessey and the board of directors discussed continuing pressure on revenue stemming from, among other things, steep
declines in land line telephone customers and on Adjusted EBITDA, stemming from, among other things, increasing television content
costs. Mr. Bessey also reviewed areas of the Hawaiian Telcom business experiencing favorable revenue trends, principally related to
the recent deployment of fiber infrastructure. Mr. Bessey discussed management’s long-term plans for addressing changing consumer
demand and ongoing competitive challenges and reviewed with the board of directors the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast.
Mr. Bessey also discussed certain strategic options to increase stockholder value as previously presented to the Hawaiian Telcom board
of directors at its March 10, 2017 meeting, including the amount and timing of potential recurring dividend payments or a potential
share repurchase plan. In connection with this, Mr. Bessey presented several potential dividend payment scenarios utilizing the Five-
Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and Five-Year Sensitivity, with an emphasis on analyzing various sources of funding for potential
recurring dividend payments.

Also at the April 28, 2017 meeting, Mr. Barber reviewed with the board of directors discussion materials prepared by UBS and
approved by Hawaiian Telcom’s management including an overview of the telecom industry and ongoing industry consolidation, a
review of recent merger and acquisition transactions in the telecom sector and Hawaiian Telcom’s historical stock performance relative
to peers. Mr. Barber provided an update on the status of preliminary communications with the nine potential strategic partners
identified in the buyer engagement outreach plan previously authorized by the board of directors, and plans for continuing those
discussions. The board of directors also discussed available alternatives to Hawaiian Telcom, including the potential merits and risks of
remaining a standalone company and continuing to execute Hawaiian Telcom’s business plan, along with foreseeable revenue and
expense challenges facing Hawaiian Telcom and its peers nationwide in light of ongoing sector consolidation and competitive
pressures. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors expressed continued support for continuing with the previously authorized buyer
engagement outreach plan, including providing the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast to potential counterparties when appropriate
in the course of engagement.

On April 29, Party E submitted to Hawaiian Telcom via UBS a list of due diligence questions in advance of a diligence telephone
conference scheduled for May 4, 2017. The questions addressed a wide range of business diligence topics including Hawaiian Telcom’s
revenue channels, data center, employees, union and pension matters and historical operating and financial data.

On May 1, 2017, Mr. Barber and Mr. Bessey, along with representatives of UBS, provided a telephonic management presentation
to representatives of Party D, including Party D’s chief executive officer and vice president of corporate development. A wide range of
topics regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s business was discussed. At Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, representatives of UBS subsequently
provided to Party D the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and related supporting materials.

On May 2, 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS called a representative of Party G’s corporate
development group. The representative of Party G, a publicly traded telecommunications services company, indicated that Party G was
occupied with a pending transaction and not able to evaluate another transaction at that time, but that it may be open to revisiting the
topic after closing the pending transaction. Party G did not provide a time frame for a future discussion.

On May 4, 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS conducted an introductory telephone call with an
executive of Party H, a publicly traded telecommunications services company. A
 

76



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 87/217

Table of Contents

representative of UBS subsequently sent Party H a draft confidentiality agreement in order to facilitate further discussion, which was
never returned. In response to follow up inquiries by representatives of UBS, a representative of Party H later indicated Party H was
not interested in pursuing a business combination with Hawaiian Telcom as a transaction with Hawaiian Telcom did not fit with its
strategic priorities.

On May 4, 2017, Messrs. Barber and Bessey, along with representatives of UBS, participated in a telephonic management
presentation and due diligence telephone conference with representatives of Party E. The parties discussed a wide range of topics
related to Hawaiian Telcom’s business as had been previewed in the due diligence question list submitted by Party E on April 29, 2017.

On May 5, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors approved by unanimous written consent, and Hawaiian Telcom
executed effective as of May 4, 2017, an engagement letter with UBS for UBS to serve as Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor in
connection with a sale or acquisition transaction.

On May 5, 2017, Mr. Barber spoke with Mr. Fox by phone and stated that an offer in the mid-$26 range would not be compelling
to Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors. Mr. Barber stated that, although Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors had indicated it could
potentially support a combination of the two companies on acceptable terms, Hawaiian Telcom was continuing to engage in
conversations with other potential purchasers, and was also continuing to consider certain potential actions to increase stockholder
value such as a dividend or stock repurchase program. Mr. Fox indicated that, although he and Cincinnati Bell believed in the merits of
a combination with Hawaiian Telcom, he remained concerned about the ability to pay a significant premium to Hawaiian Telcom’s
historic trading prices. Mr. Fox indicated he would discuss internally whether there was any ability to increase the amount Cincinnati
Bell may be willing to offer. Mr. Fox also suggested to Mr. Barber that an all-stock transaction would provide Hawaiian Telcom’s
stockholders with liquidity and the opportunity to participate in the growth potential of a combined enterprise. Mr. Fox also indicated
that he wanted to keep discussions open and confirmed an in-person meeting with Mr. Barber in Cincinnati scheduled for Monday
May 15, 2017.

On May 9, 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS participated in a follow-up call with the vice president
of corporate development of Party E, who indicated he was working to ensure Party E’s business and corporate development units were
aligned before Party E committed resources to a deeper investigation. The representative of Party E indicated it would take another
week or two to make that decision. In the meantime, the representative of Party E requested Hawaiian Telcom’s five-year financial
forecast and business model for review as part of Party E’s internal discussions. At Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of
UBS provided the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and related supporting materials to Party E on May 15, 2017.

On May 10, 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS participated in an initial call with the chief financial
officer of Party I, a publicly traded telecommunications company, who indicated timing was not right for Party I to enter into
discussions regarding a potential transaction, but that Party I may be interested in the future after it addressed certain pending internal
business issues.

On May 10, 2017, Mr. Barber received a nonbinding written Indication of Interest letter (the “IOI”) from Mr. Fox via e-mail,
which was addressed to Mr. Barber as president and chief executive officer of Hawaiian Telcom. The IOI indicated a purchase price of
$30.50 per Hawaiian Telcom share, to be paid 100% in Cincinnati Bell common shares based on an exchange ratio to be fixed at the
time of signing a definitive agreement. Based on the indicated $30.50 purchase price and Cincinnati Bell’s closing stock price of
$17.75 as of May 10, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders would, at the effective time of the transaction under the terms proposed in
the IOI, own approximately 32% of the combined company. The IOI stated Cincinnati Bell would require Hawaiian Telcom’s two
largest stockholders to enter into customary voting agreements committing to support the transaction. The IOI also requested a period
of exclusivity to complete Cincinnati Bell’s diligence and negotiate a definitive agreement. Mr. Barber forwarded the IOI to
representatives of UBS and Hawaiian Telcom’s outside legal advisor, Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP (“Gibson Dunn”), for review.
 

77



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 88/217

Table of Contents

On May 11, 2017, Mr. Barber forwarded the IOI to the chairman of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, Richard Jalkut,
informing him that UBS and Gibson Dunn were reviewing the IOI.

On May 12, 2017, Mr. Barber forwarded the IOI to Hawaiian Telcom’s full board of directors, informing them that UBS and
Gibson Dunn were reviewing the IOI, and that a meeting of the board of directors would be scheduled soon to discuss its terms.

On May 15, 2017, pursuant to the buyer engagement outreach plan previously authorized by Hawaiian Telcom’s board of
directors, Mr. Barber had dinner with Mr. Fox in Cincinnati. Mr. Fox indicated the IOI was intended to initiate more formal
discussions. Mr. Barber and Mr. Fox discussed the key terms of the IOI. Mr. Barber explained that he believed a higher price was
justified based, among other things, on Hawaiian Telcom’s fiber assets, the availability of net operating loss carryforwards and
potential synergies, and indicated Hawaiian Telcom would expect representation on the combined company’s board of directors on
behalf of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders given the meaningful ownership stake they would have in the combined company.
Mr. Barber also communicated that Hawaiian Telcom was not willing at that time to enter into exclusivity with Cincinnati Bell, as
Hawaiian Telcom was continuing to engage with other potential transaction partners and required flexibility to explore all available
alternatives. Mr. Fox stated he did not believe Cincinnati Bell had the ability to increase the offer price. Mr. Barber indicated he had
forwarded the IOI to Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and that the board of directors would be meeting soon to discuss the
proposal.

On May 17, 2017, John T. Komeiji, Hawaiian Telcom’s chief administrative officer and general counsel, received an unsolicited
e-mail from Party J, an overseas-based telecommunications executive with whom Mr. Komeiji shares mutual acquaintances, requesting
a general business meeting. A meeting was subsequently arranged for June 6, 2017. Party J was not among the parties identified for
outreach in the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan.

On May 18, 2017, Mr. Bessey and representatives of UBS held a detailed telephone discussion with representatives of Party E
regarding the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast, which is further described in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled
“—Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts”. Representatives of Party E participating in the discussion
included senior members of management and Party E’s corporate development team.

On May 22, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened a telephonic meeting with members of management and
representatives of UBS and Gibson Dunn present. Mr. Barber reviewed with the board of directors the current status of the ongoing
outreach, noting that of nine prospective parties, three (Cincinnati Bell, Party D and Party E) had executed confidentiality agreements
with Hawaiian Telcom and received telephonic management presentations, and one (Cincinnati Bell) had delivered a written indication
of interest. Mr. Barber reviewed the substantive terms of the IOI with the board of directors and reported on his recent discussion with
Mr. Fox in Cincinnati. In addition, Mr. Barber again reviewed with the board of directors the rationale for focusing on prospective
strategic buyers versus financial buyers, including the foreseeable difficulties in obtaining regulatory approval of a transaction with a
financial buyer in light of Hawaiian Telcom’s previously discussed history with private equity ownership and the high leverage levels
typically employed by financial sponsors. A representative of UBS also discussed the challenges of structuring a transaction that could
meet the return objectives sought by most financial sponsors while also maximizing value for Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders and
securing regulatory approval. The representative from UBS also presented preliminary discounted cash flow analyses based on the
Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and Five-Year Sensitivity. After discussion, the board of directors reaffirmed its previous
conclusion that UBS and management should, and directed UBS and management to, continue to focus on potential transaction
partners that would have a meaningful probability of receiving regulatory approval.

Also at the meeting on May 22, 2017, a representative of UBS reviewed recent discussions with Party F, which had inquired
about Hawaiian Telcom’s interest in a strategic combination with Party F. Based on
 

78



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 89/217

Table of Contents

management’s analysis of Party F’s business and assets and assessment that other alternatives currently under consideration offered
greater opportunity for achieving the scale necessary to maximize stockholder value, the board of directors concluded that, given the
parties that had to date expressed interest in acquiring Hawaiian Telcom, Hawaiian Telcom’s attention and resources were better
allocated to pursuing a potential combination with one of those other parties. A representative of Gibson Dunn reviewed with the board
of directors its fiduciary duties when evaluating potential strategic transactions, including any transaction that may arise from the
outreach and discussions then being conducted. After discussion, the board of directors determined Cincinnati Bell to be a credible
purchaser with a similar business model that had a meaningful probability of receiving regulatory approval, and that the terms of the
IOI warranted further discussion. At the conclusion of the meeting, the board of directors unanimously authorized management to
proceed with further discussions with Cincinnati Bell and facilitate Cincinnati Bell’s deeper due diligence review, while continuing
active discussions with Party D and Party E and follow-up outreach with Party C and Party G in order to assess or rule out any
remaining possibility of a transaction with those parties in the near term.

Following the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors meeting on May 22, 2017, Mr. Barber called Mr. Fox to inform him of the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ decision to proceed with further due diligence. Mr. Barber also reiterated that Hawaiian Telcom
would require board representation on the combined company’s board if the transaction were to proceed as an all-stock transaction, that
Hawaiian Telcom was not willing to grant exclusivity, and that he believed Cincinnati Bell would find more value in Hawaiian Telcom
through the diligence process. Mr. Fox indicated he would reply soon with Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence questions.

On May 22, 2017, a representative of Party E informed a representative of UBS that Party E had decided not to proceed due to
concerns regarding the amount of capital expenditure needed to expand Hawaiian Telcom’s fiber network and increase its market share.

On May 23, 2017, a representative of UBS informed Hawaiian Telcom management of Party E’s decision not to proceed and, on
May 24, 2017, Mr. Barber so notified the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors.

Also on May 24, 2017, Mr. Barber notified Mr. Fox that Mr. Bessey would be the main point of contact for due diligence requests
and that Hawaiian Telcom would work to gather information in response to Cincinnati Bell’s forthcoming due diligence requests to
populate a virtual data room.

On May 25, 2017, a representative of Cincinnati Bell delivered to Mr. Bessey via e-mail a due diligence information and
document request list and an agenda for face-to-face meetings to be held in June in Honolulu.

On May 30, 2017, Mr. Bessey and representatives of UBS participated in a follow-up telephone call with the chief executive
officer and other senior management representatives of Party D to further discuss Hawaiian Telcom’s operations and the Five-Year
Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and to respond to specific diligence questions.

On June 6, 2017, representatives of Cincinnati Bell and Moelis were provided access to a virtual data room for the purpose of
facilitating completion of Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence review. The virtual data room was populated with extensive documentary
information regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s business and operations in response to Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence requests, including the
Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast. The virtual data room continued to be populated by Hawaiian Telcom through July 9, 2017 in
response to the diligence questions previously posed by Cincinnati Bell, as well as in response to clarifying questions and new
information requests.

On June 6, 2017, a representative of UBS notified Hawaiian Telcom management that Party D had indicated it was still interested
in discussing a transaction with Hawaiian Telcom, but was also actively pursuing another asset that was considerably larger. The
representative of UBS was informed by Party D that Party D would not be able to determine until the end of June if it would in fact
make a bid for Hawaiian Telcom. The UBS representative also indicated Party D had communicated verbally that, in the event it
ultimately determined to
 

79



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 90/217

Table of Contents

pursue a transaction, it may consider a purchase price representing a 25-30% premium over Hawaiian Telcom’s current share price.

Also on June 6, 2017, Mr. Komeiji and another representative of Hawaiian Telcom management held the previously scheduled
meeting with Party J. Party J was accompanied at this meeting by Party K, a former telecom industry executive, who was not among
the parties identified for outreach in the previously authorized buyer engagement outreach plan. The meeting included a general
discussion about Hawaiian Telcom’s business and the goals of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders.

The same day, on June 6, 2017, Mr. Jalkut received an unsolicited e-mail from Party K, in which Party K stated he represented a
wealthy individual (understood to be Party J) and inquired as to the goals of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders. Mr. Jalkut referred Party
K to Mr. Barber, who attempted over the next several days to reach Party K in order to discuss his intentions further and to ascertain
whether his inquiry as to the goals of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders might imply a credible interest in exploring a potential
acquisition of Hawaiian Telcom. A telephone call with Party K was eventually scheduled for June 28, 2017.

On June 7, 2017, Messrs. Barber, Bessey and Komeiji and certain other members of Hawaiian Telcom’s management (Paul
Krueger, vice president – business sales and product marketing; Jason Fujita, vice president—consumer sales and product marketing;
Kevin Paul, senior vice president—technology; Kirk Shitaoka, director of reporting and strategic analysis; and Ngoc Nguyen, director
of investor relations) received an in-depth telephonic reverse due diligence business presentation from Cincinnati Bell’s management
team that included details about Cincinnati Bell’s overall business strategy, network, and marketing and sales strategy along with active
questions and answers throughout the discussion. Participants from Cincinnati Bell included Messrs. Fox and Kaiser, along with
members of Cincinnati Bell’s technology, operations and corporate development teams. Messrs. Barber, Bessey and Komeiji, along
with members of Hawaiian Telcom’s regulatory and legal team, also joined a separate conference call with members of Cincinnati
Bell’s legal and regulatory team to answer their regulatory and legal questions about Hawaiian Telcom.

On June 8, 2017, a representative of Moelis called a representative of UBS to communicate Cincinnati Bell’s desire to move
forward as expeditiously as possible toward a transaction with Hawaiian Telcom. The representative of Moelis also indicated that
Cincinnati Bell was concurrently pursuing another transaction that could be jeopardized if the process with Hawaiian Telcom did not
proceed quickly. Mr. Barber then called Mr. Fox who provided a similar explanation. Mr. Barber explained that he would continue to
ensure management proceeded quickly and responsively in the diligence process but that the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors
would require as much time as it deemed necessary to ensure that it had received and considered all relevant information and to make
an informed decision whether the proposed transaction was in the best interest of Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders.

On June 8, 2017, the executive committee of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors convened a telephonic meeting at which
Mr. Barber informed the committee of the status of discussions with Cincinnati Bell and reviewed Party E’s decision not to continue
discussions with Hawaiian Telcom. Mr. Barber also informed the committee Party D had indicated it was actively engaged in pursuing
a different potential transaction and would need to suspend consideration of a transaction with Hawaiian Telcom until at least the end
of June. The committee directed Mr. Barber to continue the ongoing process with Cincinnati Bell.

On June 9, 2017, a representative of Moelis transmitted to representatives of UBS, and a representative of UBS transmitted to
Hawaiian Telcom’s management and Gibson Dunn, a preliminary draft merger agreement and draft voting agreement for Hawaiian
Telcom’s review. The drafts were prepared by Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP (“Cravath”), outside legal advisor to Cincinnati Bell.

Over the next several days, including on June 13 and June 16, 2017, Messrs. Barber, Bessey, Komeiji and members of Hawaiian
Telcom’s legal and regulatory team reviewed and discussed with representatives of Gibson
 

80



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 91/217

Table of Contents

Dunn the key terms of the preliminary draft merger agreement and voting agreement prepared by Cravath. The draft merger agreement
provided for the acquisition of Hawaiian Telcom pursuant to a reverse triangular merger of a wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati
Bell with and into Hawaiian Telcom, with Hawaiian Telcom surviving the merger as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati
Bell. The draft contemplated an all-stock transaction, in which the merger consideration would be payable entirely in common shares
of Cincinnati Bell based on an exchange ratio to be fixed at signing. Given the number of Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued
in the transaction, approval by Cincinnati Bell’s shareholders would be required in addition to adoption of the merger agreement by
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. The draft merger agreement provided for a reciprocal “no-shop” period during which Hawaiian Telcom
and Cincinnati Bell could each only pursue certain unsolicited alternative proposals, and a mutual “fiduciary out” provision that would
allow either of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors or the Cincinnati Bell board of directors to change its recommendation (but not
to terminate the agreement) if it received a superior offer or if otherwise necessary to comply with its fiduciary duties, subject to
compliance with certain procedures and requirements. The draft merger agreement included a break-up fee payable by Hawaiian
Telcom to Cincinnati Bell as Cincinnati Bell’s sole remedy in certain specified circumstances and a reverse break-up fee payable by
Cincinnati Bell to Hawaiian Telcom as Hawaiian Telcom’s sole remedy in certain specified circumstances, in both cases to be equal to
3.50% of the fully-diluted equity value of Hawaiian Telcom based on the proposed transaction price of $30.50 per share. Under the
terms of the draft merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom would be entitled to name three out of twelve directors on the combined
company’s board of directors.

The draft voting agreement provided that Hawaiian Telcom’s two largest stockholders, Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C.
(together with certain of its affiliated funds, “Twin Haven”) and Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. (“Black Diamond”),
would commit to vote all of their respective shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (representing in the aggregate approximately
45% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock) in favor of the transaction. This obligation would ratchet down to
an aggregate of 35% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (spread proportionately between both of Twin
Haven and Black Diamond) in the event the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors was to adversely change its recommendation to
stockholders regarding the transaction.

On June 15, 2017, a member of Hawaiian Telcom’s management team received a brief, unsolicited e-mail (followed by a text
message on June 21, 2017) from an individual, Party L, who was not among the parties identified for outreach in the previously
authorized buyer engagement outreach plan. Party L indicated he was possibly interested in exploring an acquisition of Hawaiian
Telcom. Party L also indicated he would seek to assemble a consortium of wealthy individual investors to finance any such transaction.
No price, value range, timeline or other terms were proposed or discussed, and no request by Party L for a meeting with Hawaiian
Telcom management was ever received.

On June 17, 2017, a representative of Party D informed a representative of UBS that Party D would not pursue a transaction with
Hawaiian Telcom and would instead focus exclusively on the alternative acquisition it had also been pursuing.

On June 20 and 21, 2017, representatives of Cincinnati Bell met in Honolulu with Hawaiian Telcom’s senior management team,
including Messrs. Barber and Bessey. Hawaiian Telcom’s senior management team presented detailed diligence information on
Hawaiian Telcom’s business and answered specific questions related to Hawaiian Telcom and its business. In addition, members of
Hawaiian Telcom’s operations team gave representatives of Cincinnati Bell tours of several network and technology sites.

On June 23, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened a telephonic meeting, with members of the Hawaiian
Telcom management team and representatives of UBS and Gibson Dunn present, to discuss the status and substance of the ongoing
strategic discussions. Mr. Barber also described to the board the unsolicited overtures received from Party K and Party L and his
preliminary assessment that such overtures did not represent credible alternatives to a transaction with Cincinnati Bell due to the
identities of the parties, the highly
 

81



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 92/217

Table of Contents

speculative nature of the inquiries and the need by both parties for as-yet uncommitted financing. It was noted Party K’s reliance on
financing from Party J would also likely pose additional regulatory challenges to execution of a transaction with Party K. With the
board of directors’ concurrence, Mr. Barber instructed UBS to assist in evaluating Party K and Party L in order to help management
and the board of directors determine whether either merited further attention. Also at this meeting, Mr. Bessey provided an update on
the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast, which Mr. Bessey and the Hawaiian Telcom finance team were then in the process of
reviewing and refining, as it was their customary practice at mid-year to update the forecasts developed the previous year. Mr. Bessey
also re-reviewed potential dividend and share repurchase scenarios under consideration utilizing the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom
Forecast and the Five-Year Sensitivity, with an emphasis on analyzing various sources of funding. Messrs. Barber and Bessey also
provided updates on Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence investigation and recent visit to Honolulu, as well as Hawaiian Telcom’s reverse
due diligence plan (including an on-site visit to Cincinnati Bell by Hawaiian Telcom executives planned for the following week).

Also at the June 23, 2017 meeting, a representative of Gibson Dunn discussed with the board of directors key issues to consider in
the proposed form of merger agreement received on June 9, 2017, in particular the absence of price protection against fluctuations in
Cincinnati Bell’s share price during what was likely to be an extended pre-closing period, the risks to closing certainty posed by the
mutual “fiduciary out” provision and the board composition of the pro forma combined company. With respect to the draft voting
agreement, the representative of Gibson Dunn discussed with the board of directors the implications of Cincinnati Bell’s proposal to
commit more than 45% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock in favor of the transaction and, in particular, the
implications for the efficacy of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ “fiduciary out” (even with a ratchet-down to 35% in the event
the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors changed its recommendation) when considered in conjunction with the “force the vote”
provision included in Cravath’s initial draft.

On June 26, 2017, Gibson Dunn sent to Cravath a revised draft of the merger agreement which, among other things, deleted the
Cincinnati Bell board of directors’ reciprocal “fiduciary out”, removed the “force the vote” provision, inserted a fiduciary termination
right on behalf of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and provided for an additional director seat (for a total of four out of 12, or
33%) on the combined company board to be named by Hawaiian Telcom. Gibson Dunn’s draft indicated that all price terms, as well as
the scope of any potential voting agreement, remained to be discussed by the parties.

On June 27, 2017, Mr. Fox called Mr. Barber and informed Mr. Barber that Cincinnati Bell was close to finalizing negotiations to
acquire an IT professional services company (OnX) that would significantly change the size and scope of Cincinnati Bell’s IT services
subsidiary. Mr. Fox also informed Mr. Barber that in light of the debt financing terms that were available, it made sense to finance both
transactions, and Cincinnati Bell was now able to offer merger consideration consisting of 60% cash and 40% stock, which he believed
would reduce the risk to Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders. In addition, he expressed hope that the change in structure (and the
commensurately smaller equity ownership percentage of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in the pro forma combined company) would
help simplify and expedite Hawaiian Telcom’s reverse due diligence process. Mr. Fox also indicated Cincinnati Bell was discounting
the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast (previously provided to Cincinnati Bell) based on Hawaiian Telcom’s 2017 actual year-to-
date results, and despite these results, Mr. Fox committed to honor the $30.50 per share offer. Mr. Barber responded that he would
consider the proposed change in structure and its implications and follow up with any questions.

Shortly thereafter, on June 27, 2017, Mr. Barber called back Mr. Fox and asked whether the other transaction involved cash and
equity consideration, and Mr. Fox responded that it was all cash. After that call with Mr. Fox, Mr. Barber spoke with a representative of
UBS, who informed Mr. Barber that he had received a call from a representative of Moelis indicating that Cincinnati Bell was prepared
to change the merger consideration to 60% cash and 40% stock. The representative of Moelis also stated that, as the Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders would now own approximately 15% of the pro forma combined company, Hawaiian Telcom would be entitled to name
two directors to the Cincinnati Bell board of directors to serve in addition to the nine directors
 

82



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 93/217

Table of Contents

serving on the Cincinnati Bell board of directors prior to the closing of the merger. The representative of Moelis reiterated that
Cincinnati Bell would still seek voting agreements from Hawaiian Telcom’s two largest stockholders, Twin Haven and Black Diamond.

Also on June 27, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom executed an engagement letter with Altman Vilandrie & Co. (“Altman Vilandrie”),
independent strategy consultants with extensive expertise in the telecom industry, to assist and advise Hawaiian Telcom on reverse due
diligence.

On June 28, 2017, Messrs. Barber and Komeiji participated in a call with Party K to discuss his and his business partner’s
potential interest in acquiring Hawaiian Telcom. Party K stated that he was speaking on behalf of an international business partner who
had significant net worth and understanding of the telecom industry (understood by Messrs. Barber and Komeiji to be Party J). Party K
stated he interpreted statements during Hawaiian Telcom’s most recent earnings call as indicating the board of directors was exploring
a sale of Hawaiian Telcom. Mr. Barber explained that questions regarding possible strategic transactions were typical on earnings calls,
to which management typically responded by emphasizing that, while the board of directors remained focus on unlocking stockholder
value through Hawaiian Telcom’s standalone plan, it would also give due consideration to any viable offer to purchase Hawaiian
Telcom. Mr. Barber also mentioned that price, financing plan and debt structure, ability to secure regulatory approvals, and operational
considerations all would be factors in an evaluation process. Party K then stated he would return to his business partner to determine
whether he was interested in further discussions, and would call if he was interested. Neither Mr. Barber nor Mr. Komeiji subsequently
heard from Party J or Party K.

Also on June 28, 2017, Cravath sent to Gibson Dunn a revised draft of the merger agreement. The draft reflected the updated
transaction structure consisting of 60% cash and 40% stock consideration. Since the revised mix of consideration obviated the
requirement for approval of the transaction by Cincinnati Bell’s shareholders, the draft accordingly no longer included a “fiduciary out”
on behalf of Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors. However, Cravath’s revised draft deleted the fiduciary termination right on behalf of
Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors and restored the “force the vote” provision. The draft also reiterated Cincinnati Bell’s
expectation that Hawaiian Telcom’s two largest stockholders, Twin Haven and Black Diamond, would deliver voting agreements
covering all shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held by them (representing approximately 45% of the total outstanding shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock), which would ratchet down to an aggregate of 35% in the event the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors adversely changed its recommendation that stockholders vote in favor of the transaction. With respect to Hawaiian Telcom’s
right to designate directors on the combined company board of directors, the draft proposed that Hawaiian Telcom would select two out
of eleven directors on the combined company’s board. The draft also now included more extensive financing representations and
covenants reflective of the new mix of consideration.

On June 29, 2017, Mr. Bessey, Mr. Paul (Hawaiian Telcom’s senior vice president—technology), and Mr. Krueger (Hawaiian
Telcom’s vice president—business sales and product marketing), along with representatives of UBS, Altman Vilandrie, Moelis and
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, Cincinnati Bell’s other financial advisor, attended in-person meetings in Cincinnati with members of
Cincinnati Bell’s management team as part of Hawaiian Telcom’s reverse due diligence process. Mr. Barber, Mr. Komeiji and certain
other members of Hawaiian Telcom’s management team participated via telephone in the discussion regarding integration and
synergies. Participants from Cincinnati Bell included Messrs. Fox and Kaiser, along with several members of Cincinnati Bell’s senior
leadership team in consumer, business, carrier/wholesale, operations, IT and corporate development.

On June 29, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors convened a telephonic meeting, which was also attended by members of
management and representatives of UBS and Gibson Dunn. Mr. Barber updated the board of directors on the status of discussions with
Cincinnati Bell, including Cincinnati Bell’s ability to offer 60% cash and 40% stock consideration, information regarding the OnX
acquisition transaction Cincinnati Bell was also pursuing, the status of the reverse due diligence process and business and legal issues
in the draft
 

83



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 94/217

Table of Contents

merger agreement under discussion with Cincinnati Bell. A representative of Gibson Dunn provided an updated overview of the merger
agreement, and reviewed specific terms of the most recent draft of the merger agreement received from Cravath. In particular, the
representative of Gibson Dunn reviewed changes arising from the addition of cash consideration, including the applicability of
appraisal rights under the DGCL and terms addressing the tax treatment of the proposed combination of stock and cash consideration.
The Gibson Dunn representative also reviewed with the board of directors various legal terms Hawaiian Telcom could propose in light
of the new structure, including a right for Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders to determine their individual allocation of cash and stock
consideration, subject to proration procedures to ensure the overall mix of consideration paid to all stockholders in the aggregate
remained 60% cash and 40% stock. The board of directors discussed at length with its advisors the implications of Cincinnati Bell’s
proposed elimination of a fiduciary termination right on behalf of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors should it receive a superior
proposal and the proposed restoration of the “force the vote” provision. The board of directors also expressed comfort with Cincinnati
Bell’s revised proposal to allow Hawaiian Telcom to select two of the 11 directors on the combined company’s board of directors, but
the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors did not consider or decide, at this or any other meeting prior to the execution of the merger
agreement, the possible identities of Hawaiian Telcom’s two designees on the combined company board. The board of directors
instructed Gibson Dunn to continue to signal to Cravath Hawaiian Telcom’s desire for a higher purchase price, as well as to continue to
challenge Cincinnati Bell’s insistence on voting agreements from Twin Haven and Black Diamond with respect to shares representing
approximately 45% of the total outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (which would ratchet down to an aggregate of
35% in the event the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors adversely changed its recommendation that stockholders vote in favor of the
transaction).

On June 30, 2017, at Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS spoke by telephone to a representative of Moelis. The
UBS representative indicated the change in offer structure from 100% stock to 60% cash and 40% stock was received favorably by the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors. In addition, the UBS representative communicated that, although Hawaiian Telcom remained
positive about the merits of the transaction, the new information regarding Cincinnati Bell’s simultaneous acquisition of OnX had
raised concerns regarding the potential impact on Cincinnati Bell’s stock valuation and Hawaiian Telcom was seeking price protection
on the stock component of the merger consideration. The representative of Moelis responded that Cincinnati Bell was not prepared to
negotiate price or price protection and also that Cincinnati Bell would still require Hawaiian Telcom’s two largest stockholders to enter
into voting agreements committing to vote all their shares in favor of the transaction. The representative of UBS reminded the Moelis
representative that Mr. Barber had consistently stated throughout the process that Hawaiian Telcom was seeking a higher price and that
new information regarding the OnX transaction created additional risk that was not previously factored in. The representative of Moelis
responded he would relay that message to his client.

Shortly thereafter, on June 30, 2017, the Moelis representative called back the representative of UBS and informed him that
Cincinnati Bell was not prepared to increase the deal price, could not agree to price protection and that it required voting agreements.
In addition, the Moelis representative indicated that Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors was scheduled to meet later that afternoon to
discuss the status of the transaction and that Mr. Fox needed to know definitively prior to that meeting if Hawaiian Telcom was willing
to proceed expeditiously toward execution of a definitive agreement based on those terms.

Following that call, on June 30, 2017, the representative of UBS called Mr. Barber to relay his conversation with the
representative of Moelis. Mr. Barber then spoke with the chairman of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, Mr. Jalkut, and the
directors designated by each of Twin Haven and Black Diamond serving on Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, Robert Webster, and
John Fontana, respectively. Each of Messrs. Jalkut, Webster and Fontana expressed their continued support for the transaction and their
willingness to proceed with the understanding that the offer was firm at $30.50 per share, payable 60% in cash and 40% in Cincinnati
Bell stock, there would be no collar or other price protection and that each of Twin Haven and Black Diamond would be required to
enter into voting agreements. Mr. Fontana informed Mr. Barber that Black Diamond was supportive of the transaction, provided Black
Diamond and Cincinnati Bell were able to agree on the percentage
 

84



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 95/217

Table of Contents

of Black Diamond’s shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that would be subject to a voting agreement, and that he supported
proceeding on the terms outlined, though he hoped for some increase in the price to be paid by Cincinnati Bell. Mr. Barber confirmed
that he would continue his efforts to obtain a higher price from Cincinnati Bell. Mr. Barber also spoke with a representative of Gibson
Dunn regarding price protection, the open issue regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s proposed fiduciary termination right and other
outstanding terms of the merger agreement.

Mr. Barber telephoned Mr. Fox on June 30, 2017 prior to Cincinnati Bell’s scheduled board of directors meeting and informed
him that Hawaiian Telcom remained supportive of the transaction and continued to believe in the strategic merits of the business
combination. Mr. Barber relayed the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ initial impressions regarding the potential added complexity
and risk of Cincinnati Bell pursuing two transactions simultaneously, and the merits of price protection given the new risks. Mr. Barber
also reminded Mr. Fox he had been consistent in pursuing a higher purchase price. Although Mr. Fox acknowledged that Mr. Barber
had been consistent in his pursuit of a higher price, Mr. Fox reminded Mr. Barber he had likewise been consistent in his position that no
price increase was possible. Mr. Barber stated that Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors remained interested in proceeding with
discussions but the parties’ attorneys would need to work collaboratively to craft a workable voting agreement and to resolve the
remaining open issues in the draft merger agreement. Mr. Barber reiterated that Hawaiian Telcom also still needed to complete its
valuation and reverse due diligence process. Mr. Barber asked Mr. Fox to reconsider his initial denial of a proposed term in the merger
agreement permitting Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders to elect their allocation of stock and cash, subject to a cap on the total amount of
cash and stock available. Mr. Barber also requested an increase of $0.50 per share in the purchase price. Mr. Fox stated that Cincinnati
Bell could agree to provide Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders the right to elect their mix of stock and cash, but that he would need to
consult with Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors regarding Mr. Barber’s request for a price increase.

Approximately 90 minutes later, on the afternoon of June 30, 2017, Mr. Fox called Mr. Barber to inform him that Cincinnati
Bell’s board of directors was willing to increase the purchase price by $0.25 per share, to a total of $30.75 per share, but would not
agree to a collar or other form of price protection. Mr. Fox also reiterated that Cincinnati Bell would still require voting agreements
with Twin Haven and Black Diamond. Mr. Barber stated that Hawaiian Telcom would proceed with the due diligence process on the
basis of the terms discussed but that he could not commit to pursuing the transaction at that time without guidance from Hawaiian
Telcom’s board of directors. Mr. Barber then updated the individual members of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors at different
times as they became available throughout the day. All of the directors expressed support to proceed with the due diligence based on
the terms discussed.

Also during the period from late June 2017 through the first week of July 2017, notwithstanding the fact that Hawaiian Telcom
was not contemplated to be a party to the voting agreements but because the voting agreements were to be executed concurrently with
the merger agreement, a representative of Gibson Dunn engaged in separate discussions at various times with outside counsel to Twin
Haven and internal counsel to Black Diamond, respectively, regarding the status of their negotiations of voting agreements with
Cincinnati Bell and Cravath.

On July 2, 2017, Gibson Dunn sent to Cravath a revised draft of the merger agreement reflecting Hawaiian Telcom’s previously
articulated positions. Namely, the draft provided that Hawaiian Telcom stockholders would have the right to elect their allocation of
cash and stock consideration (subject to proration procedures to ensure a total aggregate mix of 60% cash and 40% stock), reinstated
the fiduciary termination right on behalf of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors in the event it received a superior proposal and
eliminated the “force the vote” provision. Gibson Dunn’s draft and transmittal e-mail noted that respective legal counsel to Twin Haven
and Black Diamond would reach out to Cravath directly to discuss the terms of the proposed voting agreements.

On July 3, 2017, Cravath sent to Gibson Dunn a revised draft of the merger agreement that deleted the right of Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders to elect their allocation of cash and stock consideration, deleted the fiduciary termination right on behalf of Hawaiian
Telcom’s board of directors in the event it received a superior proposal and reinstated the “force the vote” provision.
 

85



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 96/217

Table of Contents

On July 4, 2017, Mr. Barber received an e-mail from Mr. Fox regarding an impasse the parties’ legal teams had reached on certain
terms of the merger agreement. Mr. Fox reaffirmed he had agreed to provide Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders an election with respect
to their mix of cash and stock consideration, but that the parties had been unable to resolve terms related to Hawaiian Telcom’s desire
to be able to terminate the merger agreement if it were to receive a superior offer versus Cincinnati Bell’s desire to include a “force the
vote” provision coupled with voting agreements from each of Twin Haven and Black Diamond. Mr. Barber stated Twin Haven and
Black Diamond had both indicated they were amenable to entering into voting agreements at a lower level of commitment, but the
parties still needed to find middle ground with respect to Hawaiian Telcom’s fiduciary termination right and the “force the vote”
provision. Mr. Barber suggested he and Mr. Fox hold a telephone call with their respective financial advisors to resolve the issues.
Messrs. Fox and Barber, joined by representatives of Moelis and UBS, later that day discussed via telephone the remaining outstanding
issues in the merger agreement, including the cash-stock election, the terms and timing of Cincinnati Bell’s financing commitments, the
“force the vote” provision and Hawaiian Telcom’s right to terminate the merger agreement to accept a superior offer. The parties
resolved the issues relating to the cash-stock election and financing commitments, and Messrs. Fox and Barber resolved to direct their
legal counsel to seek middle ground on the fiduciary termination right and “force the vote” issues for consideration by the parties’
respective boards of directors.

On July 5, 2017, Mr. Barber received a phone call from Mr. Fontana, who asked questions regarding the mechanics of the
contemplated cash/stock election. Mr. Fontana stated that he understood Black Diamond preferred to receive a higher percentage of
cash, and inquired whether Mr. Barber surmised Cincinnati Bell would be willing to incur additional debt in order to increase the
percentage of cash being offered or to offer consideration of all cash. Mr. Barber responded that the offered cash/stock allocation
allowed Cincinnati Bell’s leverage ratio to remain relatively flat and that he did not think an all-cash transaction was a possibility based
on his discussions with Mr. Fox. In addition, given that a meaningful portion of the overall consideration would be in the form of
Cincinnati Bell stock, as well as the belief, previously discussed by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, that regulators would not
view high debt levels favorably, management was not comfortable encouraging Cincinnati Bell to incur higher debt levels. Mr. Fontana
acknowledged that leaving Cincinnati Bell’s leverage at its current levels was beneficial to the pro forma combined enterprise and that
Black Diamond remained supportive of the transaction as proposed.

On July 5, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors held a telephonic meeting, with members of management and
representatives of UBS and Gibson Dunn present. At the meeting, management presented, and the board of directors approved, an
updated 2017 budget and five-year forecast, which we refer to as the “Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast” and is defined
and described in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial
Forecasts”. The presentation of an updated forecast was in keeping with management’s customary historical practice of developing an
updated annual budget at mid-year to take into consideration actual performance to date, which in 2017 had been weaker than
previously expected. Such updated budget was then incorporated into a revised five-year forecast that historically has been presented to
the board of directors at its annual retreat in mid-to-late July. After approving the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast, the
board of directors authorized UBS to provide the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast to Cincinnati Bell and also formally
instructed UBS to rely on the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast for the purpose of its analytical work performed in
connection with rendering its opinion (described in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Opinion of Hawaiian
Telcom’s Financial Advisor”) to be presented to the board of directors at a subsequent meeting. Mr. Barber then updated the board of
directors on the remaining outstanding issues in the draft merger agreement, including whether Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors
would have the right to terminate the merger agreement to accept a superior offer, whether the agreement would contain a “force the
vote” provision, the terms of the voting agreements (and, in particular, the percentage of outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock to be covered by such voting agreements), the magnitude of the break-up fee payable by Hawaiian Telcom to Cincinnati
Bell in certain specified circumstances, and the applicable volume-weighted average price (“VWAP”) period to use in determining
Cincinnati Bell’s stock value for purposes of calculating the exchange
 

86



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 97/217

Table of Contents

ratio in respect of the stock portion of the merger consideration (a longer VWAP period being preferable given the increase in
Cincinnati Bell’s trading price since its submission of the IOI). Representatives of UBS presented historical market data on termination
fees and termination fee sensitivity analyses comparing fees based on equity value and enterprise value, as well as alternative
calculations of Cincinnati Bell’s VWAP over five-, ten- and 20-day periods.

At its July 5, 2017 meeting, the board of directors also discussed with the representatives of UBS their assessment, based on the
preceding months of outreach and dialogue with multiple prospective purchasers, that a superior transaction was unlikely to materialize
in the foreseeable future, with which assessment the board of directors agreed. Following additional discussion, the board of directors
unanimously determined to continue with negotiations of the remaining key terms, considering the priorities previously discussed and
with the ultimate objective of maximizing stockholder value. More particularly, the board of directors instructed management and
Gibson Dunn to accept inclusion of a “force the vote” provision and the absence of a fiduciary termination right to accept a superior
offer, in exchange for a reduction in the percentage of covered shares under the voting agreements from greater than 45% to no more
than 25% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in the aggregate, a decrease in the break-up fee from 3.50% of
equity value to 3.25% of equity value and use of a 20-day VWAP to determine Cincinnati Bell’s stock value for purposes of calculating
the exchange ratio in respect of the stock portion of the merger consideration.

Following the meeting of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors, a representative of UBS called a representative of Moelis to
convey the proposal as instructed.

On July 6, 2017, a representative of Cravath communicated to representatives of Gibson Dunn that Cincinnati Bell was willing to
reduce the break-up fee to 3.25% of equity value, reduce the combined voting percentages committed to the voting agreements to 25%,
and to agree to use the 20-day VWAP. At Hawaiian Telcom’s direction, a representative of UBS informed a representative of Moelis
that Mr. Barber would discuss these terms at the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors meeting scheduled for later that day.

Also on July 6, 2017, Gibson Dunn sent to Cravath a revised draft of the merger agreement reflecting inclusion of a cash/stock
election and the other agreed-upon resolutions of open issues, as instructed by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors.

Between July 6, 2017 and July 9, 2017, Cravath negotiated with outside counsel to Twin Haven and internal counsel to Black
Diamond, respectively, to finalize the terms of the proposed voting agreements consistent with the expressed preference of the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors for a commitment of no greater than 25% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock.

On July 6, 2017, Mr. Fox and Mr. Barber discussed draft press release plans, local stakeholder communications, and analyst and
investor communications.

Later on July 6, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened a telephonic meeting, with members of management and
representatives of UBS, Gibson Dunn and Altman Vilandrie present. At the meeting, representatives of UBS reviewed an updated
disclosure letter UBS provided to Hawaiian Telcom (which reflected that, in the past, UBS and its affiliates had provided investment
banking, commercial banking and other financial services to Cincinnati Bell unrelated to the merger) and explained that UBS and its
affiliates had not received compensation from Cincinnati Bell in the preceding two-year period. Mr. Bessey then reviewed a “bridge”
document depicting differences between the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom
Forecast and outlined the key factors affecting year-to-date performance and the effects on the 2017 forecast, in particular the impact of
2017 revenue and expense trends through mid-year. Messrs. Barber and Bessey also provided an updated overview of Cincinnati Bell,
reviewed management’s reverse due diligence analysis and findings (including an update from Altman Vilandrie on its findings), and
the draft communications plan. A representative of Gibson Dunn provided a review of the merger agreement and transaction structure,
including those provisions relating to the board of directors’ ability to change its recommendation in the event it receives a superior
proposal or as otherwise necessary to discharge its fiduciary
 

87



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 98/217

Table of Contents

duties, as well as provisions relating to Hawaiian Telcom’s payment of a break-up fee in certain circumstances should the board change
its recommendation or should Hawaiian Telcom enter into an alternative proposal following termination of the merger agreement. A
representative of Gibson Dunn also reviewed the terms of Cincinnati Bell’s financing commitment. Although no formal action or
decision was made or requested at this meeting, the members of the board of directors informally expressed their unanimous support
for the proposed transaction.

On July 7, 2017, Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors convened a special telephonic meeting to consider the terms of the merger
agreement, the merger and the other agreements and transactions contemplated thereby. After a discussion, Cincinnati Bell’s board of
directors unanimously approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other agreements and transactions contemplated thereby.

Between July 7, 2017 and July 9, 2017, representatives of Gibson Dunn and Cravath exchanged drafts of and finalized the merger
agreement to reflect the resolutions of the open issues as had been negotiated throughout the week. In addition, representatives of
Cravath and representatives of Twin Haven’s outside counsel and Black Diamond’s internal counsel, respectively, finalized
documentation of the terms of the voting agreements collectively covering 25% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom’s
common stock.

On July 7, 2017, Mr. Barber sent to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors a comparison of the preliminary Hawaiian Telcom
discounted cash flow valuation analyses presented to the board of directors by UBS on May 22, 2017 based on the Five-Year Hawaiian
Telcom Forecast versus the Hawaiian Telcom discounted cash flow valuation analyses based on the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian
Telcom Forecast approved by the board of directors on July 5, 2017, which illustrated how adjustments contained in the Updated Five-
Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast impacted the preliminary discounted cash flow analyses UBS had prepared.

In the early morning Hawai‘i time on July 9, 2017, Mr. Barber received a text message from Mr. Fontana, a director of Hawaiian
Telcom, asking Mr. Barber to call him. Mr. Barber called Mr. Fontana immediately after receiving the text message. Mr. Fontana
informed Mr. Barber that Black Diamond was no longer willing to execute the voting agreement it had negotiated and, further, that
Mr. Fontana would abstain from voting on the merger agreement proposal at the meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors
scheduled for later in the day. Mr. Barber asked why Mr. Fontana and Black Diamond had so suddenly reversed their position after
consistently voicing support for the transaction throughout the process (including negotiating the terms of a voting agreement to
finality with Cravath), and why they had delayed until the day of the final board of directors meeting prior to Hawaiian Telcom’s
anticipated execution of the merger agreement to inform him. Mr. Barber noted that Hawaiian Telcom and the other members of the
board of directors had invested considerable time and resources in the diligence effort and in negotiating a fair merger agreement which
was in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders. Mr. Fontana responded that the reversal in Black Diamond’s position
on the voting agreement was not his individual decision, and that Mr. Fontana’s superior at Black Diamond had only that same morning
informed Mr. Fontana that Black Diamond no longer supported the proposed merger and would not execute the voting agreement. Mr.
Fontana also advised Mr. Barber that he would abstain rather than vote in favor of the proposed merger. Mr. Barber immediately
contacted Mr. Jalkut and representatives of Gibson Dunn. Mr. Barber also engaged in discussions with other members of the board of
directors to brief them on the evolving situation.

In one such conversation on July 9, 2017, Mr. Webster informed Mr. Barber that Twin Haven remained committed to the
transaction and was willing to subject all of its 22.5% ownership of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to the voting agreement to bridge
the gap left by Black Diamond’s reversal, as Twin Haven strongly believed the proposed merger was in the best interest of Hawaiian
Telcom and all of its stockholders.

Later in the morning of July 9, 2017, Mr. Fontana called Mr. Webster and indicated he would in fact vote against approval of the
merger agreement and related transactions at the meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors scheduled for later in the day, and
that Black Diamond had decided against entering into the
 

88



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 99/217

Table of Contents

proposed voting agreement. Mr. Webster and Mr. Fontana discussed these decisions and Mr. Webster then relayed an update to Mr.
Barber.

At 9:30 a.m. Hawai‘i time on July 9, 2017, Mr. Barber called Mr. Fox to inform him that Mr. Fontana and Black Diamond had
reversed their positions and that Black Diamond now refused to sign a voting agreement and Mr. Fontana indicated he planned to vote
against the merger as a director of Hawaiian Telcom. Mr. Barber informed Mr. Fox that Twin Haven was prepared to make up most of
the difference by committing all of its 22.5% ownership of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to the voting agreement with Cincinnati
Bell. Mr. Fox informed Mr. Barber he would need to speak with Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors before responding to Mr. Barber,
and he was uncertain how Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors would view the development or if it would still authorize him to execute
a transaction with Hawaiian Telcom.

At 3:00 p.m. Hawai‘i time on July 9, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors convened its scheduled telephonic meeting,
with members of management and representatives of UBS, Gibson Dunn and Altman Vilandrie present. Messrs. Barber and Bessey and
representatives of Altman Vilandrie updated the board of directors on the final results of Hawaiian Telcom’s reverse due diligence
investigation. A representative of Gibson Dunn then reviewed with the board of directors the final terms of the definitive merger
agreement. Also at this meeting, representatives of UBS reviewed with Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors its financial analysis of
the aggregate merger consideration and delivered its oral opinion, which opinion was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the effect
that, as of July 9, 2017, and based upon and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered and limitations described in the
opinion, the aggregate merger consideration to be received in the merger by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than
holders of excepted shares) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. For a detailed discussion of UBS’s opinion, please
see the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”. Following delivery of
UBS’s oral opinion, members of management then provided the board of directors an overview of Hawaiian Telcom’s communications
plan for the announcement of the transaction. A representative of Gibson Dunn also reviewed the board of directors’ fiduciary duties in
evaluating and voting on the resolution to approve the merger agreement. After further deliberation and discussion, the board of
directors voted eight-to-one, with Mr. Fontana casting the sole vote against the resolution, to (i) authorize and approve the execution,
delivery and performance of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) approve and declare advisable the
merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby, (iii) declare that the terms of the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the merger
agreement, were fair to and in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders, (iv) direct that the adoption of the merger
agreement be submitted to a vote at a meeting of the stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom and (v) recommend the stockholders of
Hawaiian Telcom adopt the merger agreement. When asked to explain his vote for the record, Mr. Fontana stated he believed Hawaiian
Telcom was stronger as a standalone company and he was unsure Cincinnati Bell’s acquisition of OnX would positively impact
Cincinnati Bell. A representative of Gibson Dunn then asked Mr. Webster whether Twin Haven was willing to sign a voting agreement
that committed all of Twin Haven’s shares to support the transaction. Mr. Webster replied that, speaking on behalf of Twin Haven,
Twin Haven maintained its belief that the transaction was in the best interest of Hawaiian Telcom and all of its stockholders and would
subject all of Twin Haven’s shares to the voting agreement. Each member of the board of directors then reaffirmed his or her vote in
light of that fact. The board of directors again voted eight-to-one in favor of the resolutions approving the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby as previously described, with Mr. Fontana casting the sole vote against the resolution.

Immediately following the meeting of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors on July 9, 2017, Mr. Barber called Mr. Fox and
informed him the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors had voted eight-to-one to approve the merger agreement and related transactions
on all of the same terms previously negotiated, except in lieu of a voting agreement with Black Diamond, Twin Haven had affirmed its
agreement to subject the entirety of its 22.5% share ownership to a voting agreement. Mr. Fox indicated the Cincinnati Bell board of
directors would
 

89



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 100/217

Table of Contents

shortly be convening as well and Mr. Fox would report back after the meeting whether the Cincinnati Bell board was willing to move
forward on that basis.

Following the discussion between Messrs. Barber and Fox on July 9, 2017, Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors convened a
special telephonic meeting. Mr. Fox informed Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors of the developments with respect to Black Diamond.
After a discussion, Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors approved the merger agreement on all of the same terms previously negotiated,
except in lieu of a voting agreement with Black Diamond, Cincinnati Bell would accept a voting agreement with Twin Haven covering
the entirety of its 22.5% share ownership.

Following the meeting of the Cincinnati Bell board of directors on July 9, 2017, Mr. Fox called Mr. Barber and informed him of
the Cincinnati Bell board of directors’ approval of the merger agreement.

Later in the evening on July 9, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub delivered signatures and entered into the
merger agreement. Concurrently, Twin Haven and Cincinnati Bell delivered signatures and entered into the voting agreement. Twin
Haven and Hawaiian Telcom also delivered signatures and entered into an amendment to Twin Haven’s Nomination, Standstill and
Support Agreement with Hawaiian Telcom dated March 14, 2016 to conform the voting support obligations thereunder in a manner
consistent with Twin Haven’s obligations under the voting agreement.

The transaction was announced pursuant to separate press releases issued by Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell prior to the
market open on July 10, 2017. Also prior to the market open on July 10, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell each filed a
Current Report on Form 8 K, which attached (and filed as solicitation material under Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act and Rule
425 under the Securities Act, respectively) their respective press releases announcing the transaction.

Following the market close on July 10, 2017, Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell each filed a second Current Report on Form 8
K, which attached (and filed as solicitation material under Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act and Rule 425 under the Securities Act,
respectively), as applicable, the merger agreement, the voting agreement and certain communications to employees, public officials and
other stakeholders issued concurrently with the announcement of the transaction.

Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger

By a vote at a meeting held on July 9, 2017, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors approved resolutions approving the merger
agreement and declaring it advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders for Hawaiian Telcom to
enter into the merger agreement, complete the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, and perform Hawaiian
Telcom’s obligations thereunder, and approved the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors recommends that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote “FOR” the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting.

In evaluating the proposed transactions, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors consulted with Hawaiian Telcom’s management
and legal and financial advisors and, in reaching its determination and recommendation, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors
considered a number of factors. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors also consulted with outside legal counsel regarding fiduciary
obligations, due diligence matters and the terms of the merger agreement.

Many of the factors considered favored the conclusion of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors that the merger agreement and
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are advisable, fair to and in the
 

90



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 101/217

Table of Contents

best interests of Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders, including the following (which factors are not necessarily presented in order of
relative importance):
 

 

•  That the aggregate value and composition of the merger consideration to be received by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders in
the merger of $30.75 per share (based on the mixed consideration of $18.45 in cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common
shares, utilizing the volume weighted average price of Cincinnati Bell common shares for the 20 calendar day period ended
July 7, 2017) of Hawaiian Telcom common stock represents a premium of:

 

 
•  26% to the closing price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock on July 7, 2017, the last trading day prior to the date

when the merger agreement was publicly announced;
 

 
•  24% to the volume-weighted average price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for the 20 calendar days up to and

including such date; and
 

 
•  31% to the 12-month volume-weighted average price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for the period up to and

including such date.
 

 

•  The belief of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, based on discussions and negotiations with Cincinnati Bell, that
$30.75 per share (based on the mixed consideration of $18.45 in cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares, utilizing
the volume weighted average price of Cincinnati Bell common shares for the 20 calendar day period ended July 7, 2017)
was the highest price Cincinnati Bell would be willing to pay.

 

 

•  That the merger agreement provides Hawaiian Telcom stockholders with the ability to choose to receive the mixed
consideration, the share consideration or the cash consideration for their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (subject
to proration) and that, following the merger, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who receive Cincinnati Bell common shares in
the merger will have the opportunity to participate in the equity value of the combined company following the proposed
transactions, including the future growth and expected synergies at the combined company, while at the same time providing
immediate value and liquidity through the cash component of the merger consideration.

 

 

•  Uncertainties regarding the stockholder value that might result from other alternatives available to Hawaiian Telcom,
including the alternative of entering into a transaction with another third party or remaining an independent public company,
in each case, considering the potential for Hawaiian Telcom stockholders to share in any future earnings growth of Hawaiian
Telcom’s businesses and continued costs, as well as the risks and uncertainties associated with its business plans or any
alternative thereto and the ability to achieve a higher valuation than the proposed transaction.

 

 
•  The belief of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors that the shared core values and mission of the two companies would

assist in integration of the companies and enhance customer service going forward.
 

 
•  That the merger would expand the scale, operational diversity, liquidity and capital flexibility of Hawaiian Telcom and the

combined company.
 

 
•  Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell management’s identification of significant operational synergies and the fact that

Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders who receive Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger would benefit from any achieved
synergies by becoming Cincinnati Bell shareholders.

 

 

•  The oral opinion delivered by UBS to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors on July 9, 2017, which opinion was
subsequently confirmed by delivery of UBS’s written opinion addressed to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, dated
July 9, 2017, to the effect that, as of July 9, 2017, and based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered
and limitations described in its written opinion, the aggregate amount of the share consideration, the mixed consideration
and the cash consideration to be received in the merger by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than

 
91



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 102/217

Table of Contents

 

holders of excepted shares) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as more fully described below under the
title “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 95. The full text of the written opinion of
UBS, dated July 9, 2017, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, factors and
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in rendering the opinion, is attached as Annex C to this proxy
statement/prospectus.

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s business, assets, financial condition, results of operations, business plan and prospects, including the size

and scale of the combined company and the expected pro forma effect of the proposed transactions on the combined
company.

 

 

•  That the merger agreement has no financing condition and the belief of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, following
consultation with Hawaiian Telcom’s financial and legal advisors and review of the relevant debt financing commitment
letters, that Cincinnati Bell would be able to pay the cash portion of the merger consideration payable under the merger
agreement, and the remedies available under the merger agreement to Hawaiian Telcom in the event of a breach by
Cincinnati Bell.

 

 

•  The review by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors with its legal and financial advisors of the structure of the proposed
merger and the financial and other terms of the merger agreement, including Cincinnati Bell’s representations, warranties
and covenants, the conditions to its obligations and the termination provisions, as well as the likelihood of obtaining
required regulatory approvals and consummating the proposed merger and the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’
evaluation of the likely time period necessary to close the merger.

 

 •  That no vote of the Cincinnati Bell shareholders would be required to approve the merger.
 

 
•  That Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell undertook extensive arm’s-length negotiations, resulting in increased merger

consideration for Hawaiian Telcom stockholders and the revision of terms in the merger agreement more favorable to
Hawaiian Telcom and its stockholders than initially proposed by Cincinnati Bell.

 

 
•  The belief of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, following consultation with Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor, that

it was unlikely that an alternative bidder would in the foreseeable future offer Hawaiian Telcom stockholders superior terms
and consideration to that offered by Cincinnati Bell in the merger.

 

 
•  The timing of the merger and the risk that if Hawaiian Telcom did not accept Cincinnati Bell’s offer at the time it was made,

Hawaiian Telcom might not have had another opportunity to do so, particularly if the markets for private and public debt
fluctuated in a manner that made it more difficult to finance the acquisition.

 

 
•  The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ understanding of Hawaiian Telcom’s business, assets, financial condition and

results of operations, its competitive position and historical and projected performance, and the nature of the industry and
regulatory environment in which Hawaiian Telcom competes.

 

 

•  The availability of appraisal rights and payment of fair value under Delaware law to registered holders of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, and beneficial owners of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock whose nominees follow the required
statutory procedures and who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, which provides those
eligible stockholders with an opportunity to have a Delaware court determine the fair value of their shares, which may be
more than, less than, or the same as the amount such stockholders would have received under the merger agreement.

 
92



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 103/217

Table of Contents

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors also considered the following specific aspects of the merger agreement (which factors
are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  The combination of Cincinnati Bell common shares and cash consideration contemplated by the merger agreement and the

available election between the share consideration, the mixed consideration and the cash consideration (subject to proration).
 

 
•  The nature of the closing conditions included in the merger agreement, including the exceptions to the events that would

constitute a material adverse effect on Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell for purposes of the agreement, as well as the
likelihood of satisfaction of all conditions to the consummation of the merger.

 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom’s right to engage in negotiations with, and provide information to, a third party making an unsolicited
written takeover proposal, if the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors determines in good faith, after consultation with its
outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation, that such proposal constitutes or is reasonably
likely to result in a transaction that is superior to the proposed transactions with Cincinnati Bell.

 

 

•  The right of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors to change its recommendation in favor of adoption of the merger in
order to accept a superior proposal, subject to certain conditions (including considering any adjustments to the merger
agreement proposed by Cincinnati Bell and payment to Cincinnati Bell of a $11.94 million termination fee in the event
Cincinnati Bell terminates the merger agreement in light of such change in recommendation).

 

 
•  That the termination fee of $11.94 million payable by Hawaiian Telcom to Cincinnati Bell under the circumstances specified

in the merger agreement was not unreasonable in the judgment of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors after consultation
with its legal and financial advisors.

 

 
•  That the restrictions contemplated by the merger agreement on Hawaiian Telcom’s actions between the date of the merger

agreement and the effective time of the merger are not, in the judgment of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors,
unreasonable.

 

 
•  The requirement that Hawaiian Telcom stockholder approval be obtained as a condition to consummation of the

transactions.

In the course of its deliberations, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors also considered a variety of risks and other potentially
negative factors, including the following (which factors are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 

•  That because the merger consideration is based on a fixed dollar amount, a fixed exchange ratio of Cincinnati Bell common
shares, or both, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders could be adversely affected by a decrease in the trading price of Cincinnati
Bell common shares (to the extent that Hawaiian Telcom stockholders receive Cincinnati Bell common shares instead of
cash) during the pendency of the transactions and the fact that the merger agreement does not provide Hawaiian Telcom with
a price-based termination right or other similar protection.

 

 
•  That because of the proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who make the

cash election or the share election will not always receive the form of merger consideration that they elect to receive.
 

 
•  That, while the transactions are expected to be completed, there is no assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations

to complete the transactions will be satisfied or waived, and, as a result, it is possible that the transactions might not be
completed even if approved by Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders.

 

 
•  That Cincinnati Bell is relying on its cash on hand, available borrowing and Hawaiian Telcom’s cash to fund the cash

portion of the merger consideration, and, while there is no financing condition in the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell
could fail to have sufficient cash to close the merger.

 
93



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 104/217

Table of Contents

 

•  That the merger agreement contains restrictions on the conduct of Hawaiian Telcom’s business prior to completion of the
proposed transactions, including requiring Hawaiian Telcom to conduct its business only in the ordinary course, subject to
specific limitations, which could delay or prevent Hawaiian Telcom from undertaking business opportunities that may arise
pending completion of the transactions and could negatively affect Hawaiian Telcom’s ability to attract and retain employees
and decisions of customers and vendors.

 

 
•  The effect of a public announcement of Hawaiian Telcom entering into the merger agreement on Hawaiian Telcom’s

operations, stock price and employees and its ability to attract and retain key management and personnel while the merger is
pending.

 

 
•  That exchange of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for cash and/or Cincinnati Bell common shares pursuant to the

merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
 

 
•  That the merger agreement imposes limitations on Hawaiian Telcom’s ability to solicit alternative transactions prior to

closing or terminate the merger agreement, including a requirement to pay a $11.94 million termination fee under certain
circumstances.

 

 

•  The risk that the merger will be delayed or will not be completed, including the risk that the affirmative vote of Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders or the required regulatory approvals (including the required approval of the Public Utilities
Commission of the State of Hawai‘i and the Cable Television Division of the Department of Commerce and Consumer
Affairs of the State of Hawai‘i) may not be obtained, as well as the potential loss of value to Hawaiian Telcom’s
stockholders and the potential negative impact on the operations and prospects of Hawaiian Telcom if the merger were
delayed or were not completed for any reason.

 

 
•  The transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the proposed transactions and the substantial time and effort of

Hawaiian Telcom management required to complete the merger, which may disrupt Hawaiian Telcom’s business operations.
 

 
•  The possibility that Cincinnati Bell’s acquisition of OnX may fail to achieve the synergies and other benefits anticipated to

result from such transaction, which could result in increased costs or decreases in the amount of expected revenues and
could adversely affect the combined company’s future business financial condition, operating results and prospects.

 

 •  Risks of the type and nature described under the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors considered all of these factors as a whole and, on balance, concluded that they supported
a determination to adopt the merger agreement. The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Hawaiian
Telcom board of directors is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors in connection with its evaluation of the proposed merger and the complexity of these matters, the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
that it considered in reaching its decision. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors evaluated the factors described above, among
others, and reached a decision that the proposed transactions were advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom and its
stockholders. In considering the factors described above and any other factors, individual members of the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors may have viewed factors differently or given different weight or merit to different factors.

In considering the recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors that the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote to
adopt the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders should be aware that the executive officers and directors of Hawaiian
Telcom may have certain interests in the proposed transactions that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders generally. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors was aware of these interests and considered them when
approving the merger agreement and recommending that Hawaiian Telcom stockholders vote to adopt the merger agreement. See “—
Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 112.
 

94



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 105/217

Table of Contents

Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor

On July 9, 2017, at a meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors held to evaluate the proposed merger, UBS delivered to
the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors an oral opinion, which opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion,
dated July 9, 2017, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered and
limitations described in its written opinion, the aggregate amount of the share consideration, the mixed consideration and the cash
consideration (the “aggregate merger consideration”) to be received in the merger by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other
than holders of excepted shares) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of UBS’s written opinion to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors describes the assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS. This opinion is attached as Annex C to this document
and is included in this proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety. Holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are encouraged to
read UBS’s opinion carefully in its entirety. UBS’s opinion was provided for the benefit of the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with, and for the purpose of, its evaluation of the fairness, from a financial point
of view, to the holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than holders of excepted shares) of the aggregate merger
consideration and does not address any other aspect or implication of the merger or the merger agreement, including, without
limitation, the relative merits of the merger as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available
with respect to Hawaiian Telcom or Hawaiian Telcom’s underlying business decision to effect the merger. The opinion does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote or act with respect to the merger. In addition, the opinion
does not address, or constitute a recommendation with respect to, any particular stockholder election, and UBS expressed no
opinion as to the proration mechanisms, procedures and limitations contained in the merger agreement. The following
summary of UBS’s opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of UBS’s written opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, UBS, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell;
 

 
•  reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the businesses and financial prospects of Hawaiian

Telcom that were not publicly available, including financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of
Hawaiian Telcom that the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors directed UBS to utilize for purposes of its analysis;

 

 

•  reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the businesses and financial prospects of Cincinnati
Bell that were not publicly available, including financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of Hawaiian
Telcom that the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors directed UBS to utilize for purposes of its analysis, certain of which
forecasts include certain pro forma effects of the merger and the proposed acquisition of OnX by Cincinnati Bell and certain
estimates of synergies prepared by the management of Cincinnati Bell with respect to the merger and the proposed
acquisition of OnX by Cincinnati Bell;

 

 
•  conducted discussions with members of the senior managements of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell concerning the

businesses and financial prospects of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell;
 

 
•  performed discounted cash flow analyses of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell in which UBS analyzed the future cash

flows of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell using financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of
Hawaiian Telcom;

 

 
•  reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect to certain other companies UBS believed to be

generally relevant;
 

 
•  compared the financial terms of the merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain other transactions UBS

believed to be generally relevant;
 

95



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 106/217

Table of Contents

 •  reviewed current and historical market prices of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and Cincinnati Bell common shares;
 

 •  reviewed a draft, dated July 9, 2017, of the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and considered such other information, as UBS deemed

necessary or appropriate.

In connection with its review, with the consent of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS assumed and relied upon, without
independent verification, the accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information provided to or reviewed by UBS for
the purpose of its opinion. In addition, with the consent of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS did not make any independent
evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell, and was not
furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to the financial forecasts, estimates, synergies and pro forma effects
referred to above, UBS assumed, at the direction of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, that such forecasts, estimates, synergies
and pro forma effects had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the
management of Hawaiian Telcom as to the future financial performance of the companies and the management of Cincinnati Bell as to
such synergies and pro forma effects. In addition, UBS assumed, with the approval of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, that
such financial forecasts and estimates, including synergies and pro forma effects of the merger and the proposed OnX acquisition,
referred to above will be achieved at the times and in the amounts projected. UBS’s opinion was necessarily based on economic,
monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information available to UBS as of, the date of its opinion. UBS is not a
legal, regulatory, tax or accounting advisor, and UBS expressed no opinion as to any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting matters.

At the request of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS contacted third parties to solicit indications of interest in a
possible transaction with Hawaiian Telcom and held discussions with certain of these parties prior to the date of UBS’s opinion. In
addition, at the direction of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS was not asked to, and it did not, offer any opinion as to the
terms, other than the aggregate merger consideration to the extent expressly specified in UBS’s opinion, of the merger agreement or
any related documents (including, without limitation, any voting agreements entered into by any holders of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock) or the structure or form of the merger. In addition, UBS expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any
compensation to be received by any officers, directors or employees of any parties to the merger, or any class of such persons, relative
to the aggregate merger consideration or otherwise. UBS expressed no opinion as to what the value of Cincinnati Bell common shares
would be when issued pursuant to the merger or the prices at which Cincinnati Bell common shares or Hawaiian Telcom common stock
would trade at any time. In rendering its opinion, UBS assumed, with the consent of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, that
(i) the final executed form of the merger agreement would not differ in any material respect from the draft that UBS reviewed dated
July 9, 2017, (ii) the parties to the merger agreement would comply with all material terms of the merger agreement and (iii) the merger
would be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement and in accordance with all applicable laws and other
relevant documents or requirements, without any adverse waiver, modification or amendment of any material term or condition of the
merger agreement. UBS also assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the
consummation of the merger would be obtained without any material adverse effect on Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell or the
merger. The issuance of UBS’s opinion was approved by an authorized committee of UBS.

In connection with rendering its opinion to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS performed a variety of financial and
comparative analyses which are summarized below. The following summary is not a complete description of all analyses performed
and factors considered by UBS in connection with its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving
subjective judgments and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. With respect to the selected
companies analysis and the selected transactions analysis summarized below, no company or transaction used as a comparison was
identical to Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell or the merger. These analyses necessarily involve complex considerations
 

96



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 107/217

Table of Contents

and judgments concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or acquisition
values of the companies concerned.

UBS believes that its analyses and the summary below must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses
and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the narrative
description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying UBS’s analyses and opinion.
UBS did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any one factor or method of analysis for purposes of its opinion, but
rather arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and assessed as a whole.

The estimates of the future performance of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell provided by Hawaiian Telcom or derived from
public sources in or underlying UBS’s analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual future results or values, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those estimates. In performing its analyses, UBS considered industry performance, general
business and economic conditions and other matters, many of which were beyond the control of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell.
Estimates of the financial value of companies do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or
securities actually may be sold or acquired.

The aggregate merger consideration was determined through negotiation between Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell and the
decision by Hawaiian Telcom to enter into the merger was solely that of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors. UBS’s opinion and
financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors in its evaluation of the merger
and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors or management with respect to the
merger or the aggregate merger consideration.

The following is a brief summary of the material financial analyses performed by UBS and reviewed with the Hawaiian Telcom
board of directors on July 9, 2017 in connection with its opinion relating to the proposed merger. The financial analyses summarized
below include information presented in tabular format. In order for UBS’s financial analyses to be fully understood, the tables
must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial
analyses. Considering the data below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the
methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of UBS’s financial
analyses. For purposes of the analyses in “—Hawaiian Telcom Financial Analyses”, “—Cincinnati Bell Financial Analyses” and “—
Other Factors” described below, the term “per share value of the aggregate merger consideration” refers to the $30.75 per share value
of the aggregate merger consideration as of July 9, 2017 (assuming proration of cash elections and share elections such that a holder
receives the mixed consideration) of $18.45 in cash and the per share value, utilizing the volume weighted average price of Cincinnati
Bell common shares for the 20 calendar day period ended July 7, 2017, of the share portion of the mixed consideration of 0.6522
Cincinnati Bell common shares.

Hawaiian Telcom Financial Analyses

Selected Public Companies Analysis

UBS compared selected financial and stock market data of Hawaiian Telcom with corresponding data of the following five
publicly traded incumbent telecommunications companies which, based on its professional judgment and expertise, UBS deemed to be
relevant to its analysis:
 

 •  Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc.
 

 •  Cincinnati Bell Inc.
 

 •  Consolidated Communications Holdings, Inc.
 

97



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 108/217

Table of Contents

 •  Frontier Communications Corporation
 

 •  Windstream Holdings, Inc.

UBS reviewed, among other things, enterprise values of the selected companies, calculated as equity market value based on
closing stock prices on July 7, 2017, plus debt at book value, preferred stock at liquidation value and minority interests at book value,
less cash and cash equivalents, as multiples of, to the extent publicly available, the selected companies’ estimated earnings before
interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, referred to as EBITDA, for calendar years 2017 and 2018. UBS then compared the
multiples derived for the selected companies with the corresponding multiples of Hawaiian Telcom’s estimated Adjusted EBITDA (as
defined in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial
Forecasts—Use of Non-GAAP Measures in the Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts”) implied for Hawaiian Telcom
based both on the closing price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock on July 7, 2017 of $24.44 and the per share value of the aggregate
merger consideration of $30.75 per share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Financial data for the selected companies were based on
publicly available research analysts’ consensus estimates, public filings and other publicly available information. Estimated financial
data for Hawaiian Telcom were based on the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast, which is defined and described in the
section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts”. This
analysis indicated the following implied high, median, mean and low multiples for the selected companies, as compared to the
corresponding multiples implied for Hawaiian Telcom:
 

   
Implied Multiples for
Selected Companies    

Implied Multiples for
Hawaiian Telcom Based

on Closing Stock Price on
July 7, 2017 of $24.44    

Implied Multiples for
Hawaiian Telcom Based
on Per Share Value of the

Aggregate Merger
Consideration of $30.75  

   High    Median   Mean    Low          
Enterprise Value as Multiple of

EBITDA(1):             
2017E    7.1x    5.3x    5.6x    4.6x    5.4x    6.1x 
2018E    6.8x    5.4x    5.5x    4.6x    5.1x    5.7x 

 
(1) Enterprise value of Hawaiian Telcom as multiple of Adjusted EBITDA.

Taking into account the results of the selected public companies analysis, UBS applied a multiple range of 4.5x to 6.0x based on
the enterprise value / estimated EBITDA for calendar year 2017 multiples for the selected companies to Hawaiian Telcom’s Adjusted
EBITDA for calendar year 2017. The selected companies analysis indicated an implied valuation reference range per share of $16.04 to
$29.61 based on Hawaiian Telcom’s Adjusted EBITDA for calendar year 2017, as compared to the per share value of the aggregate
merger consideration of $30.75.
 

98



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 109/217

Table of Contents

Selected Transactions Analysis

UBS reviewed publicly available information relating to the following six selected transactions involving incumbent
telecommunications companies which, based on its professional judgment and expertise, UBS deemed relevant to its analysis:
 

Announcement
Date   Acquiror   Target

•    December 5, 2016
  

•    Consolidated Communications Holdings,
Inc.   

•    FairPoint Communications, Inc.

•    November 7, 2016   •    Windstream Holdings, Inc.   •    EarthLink Holdings Corp.

•    February 5, 2015
  

•    Frontier Communications Corporation
  

•    Verizon Wirelines Operations in
California, Florida and Texas

•    June 30, 2014
  

•    Consolidated Communications Holdings,
Inc.   

•    Enventis Corporation

•    December 16, 2013

  

•    Frontier Communications Corporation

  

•    AT&T Wireline Residential and Business
Services and Associated Assets in
Connecticut

•    February 6, 2012
  

•    Consolidated Communications Holdings,
Inc.   

•    SureWest Communications

UBS reviewed the enterprise values for the targets in the selected transactions, calculated as the purchase price paid for the target
company’s equity, plus debt at book value, less cash and cash equivalents (or, in the case of the two carve-out acquisitions by Frontier
Communications Corporation, the announced transaction value), as a multiple of the targets’ respective latest 12 months EBITDA.
UBS then compared the multiples derived for the selected transactions with the corresponding multiple of Hawaiian Telcom’s latest 12
months Adjusted EBITDA implied for Hawaiian Telcom based on the per share value of the aggregate merger consideration of $30.75.
Multiples for the selected transactions were based on publicly available information at the time of announcement of the relevant
transaction. Estimated financial data for Hawaiian Telcom were based on the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast. This
analysis indicated the following implied high, median, mean and low multiples for the selected transactions, as compared to the
corresponding multiple implied for Hawaiian Telcom:
 

   
Implied Multiples

for Selected Transactions    

Implied Multiple for
Hawaiian Telcom Based on

Per Share Value of Aggregate
Merger Consideration of $30.75 

Transaction Value as Multiple of:   High    Median   Mean    Low      
Latest 12 Months EBITDA(1)    7.2x    6.0x    5.9x    4.8x    6.0x 
 
(1) Transaction value of Hawaiian Telcom as multiple of Adjusted EBITDA.

Taking into account the results of the selected transactions analysis, UBS applied a multiple range of 5.0x to 6.5x based on the
enterprise value / latest 12 months EBITDA multiples for the target companies in the selected transactions to Hawaiian Telcom’s latest
12 months Adjusted EBITDA. The selected transactions analysis indicated an implied valuation reference range per share of $21.24 to
$35.01 based on Hawaiian Telcom’s latest 12 months Adjusted EBITDA, as compared to the per share value of the aggregate merger
consideration of $30.75.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

UBS performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Hawaiian Telcom using the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast.
UBS calculated a range of implied present values (as of June 30, 2017) of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Hawaiian Telcom was forecasted to generate from July 1, 2017 through calendar year 2021, and of terminal values for Hawaiian
Telcom based on Hawaiian Telcom’s
 

99



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 110/217

Table of Contents

calendar year 2021 estimated Adjusted EBITDA, plus the present value of Hawaiian Telcom’s federal net operating loss carryforwards,
referred to as NOLs. Standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows were derived from the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom
Forecast by subtracting from estimated Adjusted EBITDA stock-based compensation and other non-recurring items, depreciation and
amortization and taxes at an effective rate of 38% and adding to such amount anticipated cash flow from Hawaiian Telcom’s Southeast
Asia to United States trans-Pacific submarine cable system capacity agreements, depreciation and amortization and subtracting from
such amount capital expenditures, pension and other postemployment benefits, adding or subtracting, as applicable, increases or
decreases in net working capital and adding provisions for uncollectible amounts and other non-cash income. Implied terminal values
were derived by applying to Hawaiian Telcom’s calendar year 2021 estimated Adjusted EBITDA a range of Adjusted EBITDA
terminal value multiples of 4.5x to 5.5x. UBS selected the range of Adjusted EBITDA multiples based on its professional judgment
and expertise. Present values of cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 7.00% to 8.00%,
based on an analysis of Hawaiian Telcom’s weighted average cost of capital, and the present value of Hawaiian Telcom’s NOLs (the
“Hawaiian Telcom NOLs”) was calculated by discounting the estimated value of the cash tax savings from usage of the Hawaiian
Telcom NOLs, as set forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s public filings and approved for UBS’s use by Hawaiian Telcom’s management, using
a discount rate of 7.50%, the mid-point of the range, based on Hawaiian Telcom’s weighted average cost of capital. The discounted
cash flow analysis resulted in a range of implied present values of $23.31 to $33.31 per share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, as
compared to the per share value of the aggregate merger consideration of $30.75.

Cincinnati Bell Financial Analyses

Discounted Cash Flow Analyses

Cincinnati Bell Pro Forma for the OnX Acquisition

UBS performed a discounted cash flow analysis of Cincinnati Bell, taking into account the pro forma effect of the OnX
acquisition, but without giving effect to the merger, using (i) financial forecasts and estimates relating to Cincinnati Bell prepared by
Hawaiian Telcom’s management and (ii) estimates of the pro forma effect of the OnX acquisition and the synergies anticipated to result
from the OnX acquisition prepared by the management of Cincinnati Bell and approved for UBS’s use by Hawaiian Telcom. UBS
calculated a range of implied present values (as of June 30, 2017) of the unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that Cincinnati Bell was
forecasted to generate from July 1, 2017 through calendar year 2021, and of terminal values for Cincinnati Bell based on Cincinnati
Bell’s calendar year 2021 estimated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Certain
Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts—Use of Non-GAAP Measures in the Hawaiian Telcom Management
CBB Forecasts”), plus the present value of Cincinnati Bell’s NOLs, in each case taking into account the pro forma effect of the OnX
acquisition, but without giving effect to the merger. Unlevered, after-tax free cash flows were derived from the Five-Year Cincinnati
Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition) by subtracting from estimated Adjusted EBITDA stock-based compensation,
depreciation and amortization and taxes at an effective rate of 38% and adding to such amount depreciation and amortization and
subtracting from such amount capital expenditures, pension and other postemployment benefits, adding or subtracting, as applicable,
increases or decreases in net working capital and adding provisions for loss on receivables, non-cash interest expense and loss on debt
extinguishment and other. Implied terminal values were derived by applying to Cincinnati Bell’s calendar year 2021 estimated
Adjusted EBITDA (taking into account the pro forma effect of the OnX acquisition, but without giving effect to the merger) a range of
Adjusted EBITDA terminal value multiples of 6.5x to 7.5x. UBS selected the range of Adjusted EBITDA multiples based on its
professional judgment and expertise. Present values of cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging
from 6.50% to 7.50%, based on an analysis of Cincinnati Bell’s weighted average cost of capital, and the present value of Cincinnati
Bell’s NOLs (the “Cincinnati Bell NOLs”) was calculated by discounting the estimated value of the cash tax savings from usage of
Cincinnati Bell’s NOLs, as set forth in Cincinnati Bell’s public filings and approved for UBS’s use by Hawaiian Telcom’s management,
using a discount rate of 7.00%, the mid-point of the range, based on Cincinnati Bell’s weighted average cost of capital. The discounted
cash flow analysis resulted in a range of implied present values
 

100



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 111/217

Table of Contents

of $14.76 to $22.86 per Cincinnati Bell common share, as compared to the volume weighted average price of Cincinnati Bell common
shares for the 20-day period ended July 7, 2017 of $18.86.

Cincinnati Bell Pro Forma for Both the Merger and the OnX Acquisition

UBS also performed discounted cash flow analyses of Cincinnati Bell, taking into account the pro forma effect of both the merger
and the OnX acquisition, using (i) financial forecasts and estimates relating to Cincinnati Bell prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s
management and (ii) estimates of the pro forma effect of the merger and the OnX acquisition and the synergies anticipated to result
from the merger and the OnX acquisition prepared by the management of Cincinnati Bell and approved for UBS’s use by Hawaiian
Telcom. UBS calculated a range of implied present values (as of June 30, 2017) of the unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that
Cincinnati Bell was forecasted to generate from July 1, 2017 through calendar year 2021, and of terminal values for Cincinnati Bell
based on Cincinnati Bell’s calendar year 2021 estimated Adjusted EBITDA, plus the present value of Cincinnati Bell’s NOLs, in each
case taking into account the pro forma effect of both the merger and the OnX acquisition. Unlevered, after-tax free cash flows were
derived from the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger) by subtracting from estimated
Adjusted EBITDA stock-based compensation and other non-recurring items, depreciation and amortization and taxes at an effective
rate of 38% and adding to such amount anticipated cash flow from Hawaiian Telcom’s Southeast Asia to United States trans-Pacific
submarine cable system capacity agreements, depreciation and amortization and subtracting from such amount capital expenditures,
pension and other postemployment benefits, adding or subtracting, as applicable, increases or decreases in net working capital and
adding provisions for uncollectible amounts, other non-cash income, loss on receivables, non-cash interest expense, loss on debt
extinguishment and other. Implied terminal values were derived by applying to Cincinnati Bell’s calendar year 2021 estimated
Adjusted EBITDA (taking into account the pro forma effect of both the merger and the OnX acquisition) a range of Adjusted EBITDA
terminal value multiples of 6.0x to 7.0x. UBS selected the range of Adjusted EBITDA multiples based on its professional judgment
and expertise. Present values of cash flows and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 6.50% to 7.50%,
based on an analysis of Cincinnati Bell’s weighted average cost of capital, and the present value of Cincinnati Bell’s NOLs was
calculated by discounting the estimated values of the cash tax savings from usage of the Hawaiian Telcom NOLs and the Cincinnati
Bell NOLs using a discount rate of 7.00%, the mid-point of the range, based on Cincinnati Bell’s weighted average cost of capital.
UBS then calculated a range of implied present values per Hawaiian Telcom share of the merger consideration, assuming for purposes
of the calculation, that (a) a holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock would elect to receive the mixed consideration of $18.45 in
cash and 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and (b) a holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock would elect to receive the share
consideration of 1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares and not be subject to proration. These discounted cash flow analyses resulted
in ranges of implied present values per Hawaiian Telcom share of the merger consideration based upon (1) the mixed consideration, of
$27.70 to $33.88, and (2) the share consideration, of $23.11 to $38.57, as compared to the per share value of the aggregate merger
consideration of $30.75.

Based on the foregoing analyses, UBS then calculated the percentage increase between (i) the range of implied present values of
$23.31 to $33.31 per outstanding share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and (ii) the range of implied present values per Hawaiian
Telcom share of the merger consideration, based upon the mixed consideration, of $27.70 to $33.88, and the share consideration, of
$23.11 to $38.57. UBS observed that such percentage difference for the mixed consideration and the share consideration ranged from
approximately 18.8% to 1.7% (when comparing the low end and high end, respectively, of the first range to the low end and high end,
respectively, of the second range) and the share consideration ranged from approximately (0.8%) to 15.8% (when comparing the low
end and high end, respectively, of the first range to the low end and high end, respectively, of the second range).
 

101



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 112/217

Table of Contents

Selected Public Companies Analysis

UBS also compared selected financial and stock market data of Cincinnati Bell with corresponding data of the selected companies
(other than Cincinnati Bell) referred to above under “—Hawaiian Telcom Financial Analyses—Selected Public Companies Analysis”.

Other Factors

In rendering its opinion, UBS also reviewed, for informational purposes, certain other factors, including:
 

 

•  the fact that the per share value of the aggregate merger consideration of $30.75 per share of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock implies (1) a premium of 25.8% to the closing price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock on the last trading day before
the announcement of the merger, (2) premia of 23.7%, 22.2%, 22.4% and 22.3%, respectively, to the volume weighted
average closing price of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in the 10 trading day, 20 trading day, 30 trading day and 90 trading
day periods prior to the announcement of the merger and (3) premia of 12.7% and 53.0%, respectively, to the 52-week high
and low intraday trading prices of Hawaiian Telcom common stock; and

 

 
•  two publicly available Wall Street research analyst reports published between May 10, 2017 and May 12, 2017, which

indicated a target share price range per outstanding share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock of $30.00 to $35.00.

Miscellaneous

Under the terms of UBS’s engagement, Hawaiian Telcom agreed to pay UBS for its financial advisory services in connection with
the merger an aggregate fee currently estimated to be approximately $8.9 million, of which $750,000 became payable in connection
with the delivery of UBS’s opinion and the remainder of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger. In addition, Hawaiian
Telcom agreed to reimburse UBS certain of UBS’s expenses arising, and indemnify UBS against certain liabilities that may arise, out
of UBS’s engagement. In the past, UBS and its affiliates have provided investment banking, commercial banking and other financial
services to Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell unrelated to the proposed merger, however, UBS has not received compensation from
Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell for providing any such services unrelated to the proposed merger in the two-year period ended
July 9, 2017. In the ordinary course of business, UBS and its affiliates may hold or trade, for their own accounts and the accounts of
their customers, securities of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell, and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in
such securities.

Hawaiian Telcom selected UBS as its financial advisor in connection with the merger because UBS is an internationally
recognized investment banking firm with substantial experience in similar transactions and because of UBS’s familiarity with
Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell and their respective businesses. UBS is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and their
securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids, secondary
distributions of listed and unlisted securities and private placements.

Certain Hawaiian Telcom Unaudited Management Financial Forecasts

Hawaiian Telcom does not as a matter of course publicly disclose forecasts as to future earnings and other financial performance,
due to, among other reasons, the uncertainty, unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However,
in connection with the merger discussions between Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell and Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence review of
Hawaiian Telcom related to the proposed merger, Hawaiian Telcom’s management provided to Cincinnati Bell and its financial
advisors, as well as to UBS, certain non-public, internal unaudited prospective financial information of Hawaiian Telcom on a
standalone basis regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s anticipated future results of operations for the 2017 through 2021 fiscal years (the
“Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast”). The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors reviewed the
 

102



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 113/217

Table of Contents

Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast at a meeting of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors on April 28, 2017 for the purposes of
evaluating Hawaiian Telcom’s standalone long-term strategic plan and ordinary course strategic decisions. Subsequently, in July 2017,
and in accordance with Hawaiian Telcom management’s annual mid-year budget review process undertaken in advance of the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors’ annual retreat in mid-to-late July, Hawaiian Telcom management updated the Five-Year Hawaiian
Telcom Forecast in order to provide the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors with management’s updated view of the anticipated future
results of operations of Hawaiian Telcom for the 2017 through 2021 fiscal years, which incorporated market data, reflected operational
changes and updated year-to-date operating performance data (the “Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast”), as described
below. The Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast was also made available to Cincinnati Bell and its financial advisors in
connection with its due diligence review of Hawaiian Telcom, as well as to UBS in connection with UBS’s evaluation of the fairness of
the aggregate merger consideration (as defined under the heading “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”) to be received
by holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than holders of excepted shares) from a financial point of view in an opinion
delivered to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors on July 9, 2017. We refer to the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and the
Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast collectively as the “Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts”.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors relied (in addition to the other factors described in the section of this proxy
statement/prospectus titled “—Recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom Board of Directors and its Reasons for the Merger”) on, and
for purposes of UBS’s analysis and opinion as to the fairness of the aggregate merger consideration from a financial point of view
delivered to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors on July 9, 2017, directed UBS to use, the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom
Forecast. The Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast was updated to reflect actual operating results for the first five months of
2017 with appropriate adjustments made to the fiscal year 2017 forecast and forward year projections. The adjustments to the forecasts
were driven in particular by decreased revenue as a result of lower net subscriber additions and lower average revenue per subscriber
for television and Internet compared to Hawaiian Telcom management’s previous expectations. The downward effects of these
adjustments were partially mitigated by ongoing efficiency improvement and expected cost-reduction initiatives. Other than the impact
of these changes on the forecast for the remaining seven months of 2017 and future years in the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom
Forecast, there were no other significant changes made to the strategic operating plan, forecasting assumptions, trends or major
initiatives contemplated in the Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast.

In addition, in connection with the merger discussions between Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom’s
reverse due diligence review of Cincinnati Bell related to the proposed merger, Cincinnati Bell management provided, and Hawaiian
Telcom management reviewed and adjusted, certain non-public unaudited prospective financial information of Cincinnati Bell for the
2017 through 2021 fiscal years, in each case (i) taking into account the estimated pro forma effect of, and the synergies anticipated to
result from, the OnX acquisition, but without giving effect to the merger (the “Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX
Acquisition)”), and (ii) taking into account the estimated pro forma effect of, and the synergies anticipated to result from, both the OnX
acquisition and the merger (the “Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger)”), such estimates
of the pro forma effects of, and the synergies anticipated to result from, the OnX acquisition and the OnX acquisition and the merger
having been prepared by Cincinnati Bell management. Hawaiian Telcom management reviewed and adjusted downward such
projections based on their experience and judgment. The downward revisions in particular related to the following differences in
operational and financial assumptions: Hawaiian Telcom management discounted the forecasted growth rate in television and Internet
average revenue per user based on its observation of historical trends, reduced forecasted television and Internet churn improvement
based on its observation of historical trends and reduced business revenues associated with Cincinnati Bell’s hosted telephony, hosted
network and managed SD-WAN product offerings based on its observation of the performance record of those products. The Hawaiian
Telcom board of directors also relied on, and for purposes of UBS’s discounted cash flow analyses of Cincinnati Bell described in the
section of this proxy statement/prospectus titled “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor—Cincinnati Bell Financial
Analyses” and presented to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors on July 9, 2017,
 

103



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 114/217

Table of Contents

directed UBS to use both the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition) and the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell
Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger). We refer to the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX
Acquisition) and the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger) collectively as the
“Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB Forecasts”, and to the Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts and the Hawaiian
Telcom Management CBB Forecasts collectively as the “Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts”.

Summaries of the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts are provided below. In developing the Hawaiian Telcom Management
Forecasts, Hawaiian Telcom’s management made numerous judgments, estimates and assumptions with respect to industry
performance, competitive environment, general business, economic, regulatory, market and financial conditions and other future
events, as well as matters specific to Hawaiian Telcom’s business or specific to Cincinnati Bell’s business, all of which are difficult to
predict and many of which are beyond Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s control and will be beyond the control of Cincinnati
Bell after completion of the merger. The Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts are subjective in many respects and are susceptible
to multiple interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments. As such, the Hawaiian
Telcom Management Forecasts constitute forward-looking information and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual
results to differ materially from the results forecasted, including the various risks set forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s
periodic reports as described in the section titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy
statement/prospectus, and as described in the section titled “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51 of this proxy
statement/prospectus and the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40 of this proxy statement/prospectus. The inclusion in
this proxy statement/prospectus of the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts below should not be regarded as an indication that
Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati Bell, their respective boards of directors or Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor considered, or now
considers, these forecasts to be reliable predictors of future results, and they should not be relied upon as such. The Hawaiian Telcom
Management Forecasts cover multiple years and such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year.

The Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts do not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date they
were prepared, except in the case of the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition), for the estimated pro
forma effect of, and the synergies anticipated to result from, the OnX acquisition, but without giving effect to the merger and, in the
case of the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger), for the estimated pro forma effect of,
and the synergies anticipated to result from, both the OnX acquisition and the merger. The Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone
Forecasts assume Hawaiian Telcom would continue to operate as a standalone company. The Hawaiian Telcom Management
Standalone Forecasts also do not take into account the effect of any failure to occur of the merger and should not be viewed as
continuing in that context. The Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger) assumes Hawaiian
Telcom would not continue to operate as a standalone company, takes into account the occurrence of the merger and should be viewed
as continuing in that context.

The Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts were not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or with a view toward
complying with the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants with respect to prospective
financial information, but, in the view of Hawaiian Telcom’s management, were prepared on a reasonable basis, reflected the best
available estimates and judgments at the time at which they were prepared, and present, to the best of Hawaiian Telcom management’s
knowledge and belief at the time at which they were prepared, the expected course of action and the expected future financial
performance of Hawaiian Telcom. However, this information is not fact and should not be relied upon as being necessarily indicative
of future results, and readers of this proxy statement/prospectus are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the Hawaiian Telcom
Management Forecasts. There can be no assurance that the projected results will be realized or that actual results will not be
significantly higher or lower than projected. Neither Hawaiian Telcom’s independent auditors, nor any other independent accountants,
have compiled, examined, or
 

104



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 115/217

Table of Contents

performed any procedures with respect to the prospective financial information contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion
or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability, and assume no responsibility for, and disclaim any association
with, the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts.

The inclusion of the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts herein is not deemed an admission or representation by Hawaiian
Telcom, Cincinnati Bell or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, partners, advisors or other representatives, including
UBS, Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor, that the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts are viewed by Hawaiian Telcom,
Cincinnati Bell or any of their respective representatives as material information of Hawaiian Telcom or the surviving corporation. By
including in this proxy statement/prospectus the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts below, none of Hawaiian Telcom, Cincinnati
Bell or any of their respective representatives, including UBS, Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor, has made or makes any
representation to any person regarding the ultimate performance of Hawaiian Telcom compared to the information contained in the
Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts or the achievability of the forecasted results. The Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts
are not included in this proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to approve the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement and are included below solely because the Hawaiian Telcom Management Forecasts were
made available to the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, UBS, as Hawaiian Telcom’s financial advisor, Cincinnati Bell and
Cincinnati Bell’s financial advisors. NONE OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM, CINCINNATI BELL OR ANY OF THEIR
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES, OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, PARTNERS, ADVISORS OR OTHER REPRESENTATIVES
INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE HAWAIIAN TELCOM MANAGEMENT FORECASTS TO
REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING SINCE THEIR RESPECTIVE PREPARATION OR TO REFLECT THE
OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE UNDERLYING
ASSUMPTIONS ARE SHOWN TO BE IN ERROR, OR TO REFLECT CHANGES IN GENERAL ECONOMIC OR
INDUSTRY CONDITIONS, EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Use of Non-GAAP Measures in the Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts

The Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts contain certain non-GAAP financial measures, including “Adjusted
EBITDA” and “Levered Free Cash Flow”. Hawaiian Telcom management believes these measures provide additional and useful
comparisons of current results of operations with past and future periods and valuable information about Hawaiian Telcom’s ability to
meet its future debt service, capital expenditures and working capital requirements. However, non-GAAP financial measures should
not be considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, or construed as being more important than, comparable GAAP financial
measures. Non-GAAP financial measures as presented in this proxy statement/prospectus with respect to Hawaiian Telcom also may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by Cincinnati Bell or other companies.

Adjusted EBITDA, as used by Hawaiian Telcom in the Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts or as referenced
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus in respect of Hawaiian Telcom, means net income (loss) plus interest expense and other
income and expense (net), loss on early extinguishment of debt, income tax provision (credit), depreciation and amortization, gain on
sale of property, non-cash stock and other performance-based compensation, SystemMetrics earn-out, pension settlement loss, early
retirement plan severance and other special items. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an alternative to operating income or
net income as a measure of operating performance.

Levered Free Cash Flow, as used by Hawaiian Telcom in the Hawaiian Telcom Management Standalone Forecasts, means
Adjusted EBITDA less cash interest expense and capital expenditures. Levered Free Cash Flow should not be considered as an
alternative to cash flows or a measure of liquidity.

Unlevered Free Cash Flow, as used in connection with the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast or as referenced
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus in respect of Hawaiian Telcom, is a non-GAAP
 

105



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 116/217

Table of Contents

financial measure defined and derived by UBS as described in the section titled “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”.
Unlevered Free Cash Flow should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows or a measure of liquidity.

Use of Non-GAAP Measures in the Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB Forecasts

The Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB Forecasts contain certain non-GAAP financial measures, including “Adjusted
EBITDA” and “Operating Free Cash Flow”. Hawaiian Telcom management believes these measures provide additional and useful
comparisons of current results of operations with past and future periods. However, non-GAAP financial measures should not be
considered in isolation from, or as substitutes for, or construed as being more important than, comparable GAAP financial measures.
Non-GAAP financial measures as presented in this proxy statement/prospectus with respect to Cincinnati Bell also may not be
comparable to similarly titled measures used by Hawaiian Telcom or other companies.

Adjusted EBITDA, as defined by Cincinnati Bell and as used by Hawaiian Telcom in the Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB
Forecasts or as referenced elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus in respect of Cincinnati Bell, means GAAP operating income
plus depreciation, amortization, restructuring and severance related charges, (gain) loss on sale or disposal of assets, transaction costs,
curtailment (gain) loss, asset impairments, components of pension and other retirement plan costs (including interest costs, asset
returns, and amortization of actuarial gains and losses), and other special items. Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as an
alternative to operating income or net income as a measure of operating performance.

Operating Free Cash Flow, as used by Hawaiian Telcom in the Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB Forecasts, means Adjusted
EBITDA minus capital expenditures. Operating Free Cash Flow should not be considered as an alternative to cash flows or a measure
of liquidity.

Unlevered Free Cash Flow, as used in connection with the Hawaiian Telcom Management CBB Forecasts or as referenced
elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus in respect of Cincinnati Bell, is a non-GAAP financial measure defined and derived by
UBS as described in the section titled “—Opinion of Hawaiian Telcom’s Financial Advisor”. Unlevered Free Cash Flow should not be
considered as an alternative to cash flows or a measure of liquidity.

The Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast and the Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast

Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast (dollars in millions)
Prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s Management in Late 2016

The following are forecasts prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s management in late 2016 and reviewed by the Hawaiian Telcom
board of directors in April 2017. Certain of the numbers may not sum due to rounding.
 
   2017E    2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  
Operating Revenue   $396.9   $412.4   $426.8   $443.1   $460.7 
Adjusted EBITDA    116.5    120.1    124.7    130.1    135.7 
Levered Free Cash Flow    11.3    18.8    28.1    34.7    42.1 
 

106



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 117/217

Table of Contents

Set forth below is a summary of reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial information included in the Five-Year Hawaiian
Telcom Forecast to the most comparable GAAP financial measures based on financial information available to, or projected by,
Hawaiian Telcom:
 
   2017E   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  
Net income (loss)   $ (4.7)  $ 2.0   $ 8.6   $ 10.4   $ 13.1 

Income tax provision (credit)    (2.9)   1.2    5.2    6.4    8.0 
Loss on early extinguishment of debt    5.1   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Interest expense and other income and expense, net    17.4   15.0    14.6    14.0    12.5 

    
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Operating income    14.9   18.3    28.4    30.8    33.6 
Depreciation and amortization    91.4   96.9    91.4    94.3    97.2 
Non-cash stock and other performance-based compensation    3.0   3.0    3.0    3.0    3.0 
SystemMetrics earn-out    0.0   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Pension settlement loss    2.0   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Early retirement plan severance    1.7   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Other special items    3.5   2.0    2.0    2.0    2.0 

    
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Adjusted EBITDA   $116.5  $120.1   $124.7   $130.1   $135.7 
    

 

   

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
   2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  
Adjusted EBITDA   $116.5  $120.1  $124.7  $130.1  $135.7 

Cash interest expense    (16.6)   (17.6)   (17.2)   (16.5)   (15.2) 
Capital expenditures    (88.6)   (83.7)   (79.5)   (78.8)   (78.5) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Levered Free Cash Flow   $ 11.3  $ 18.8  $ 28.1  $ 34.7  $ 42.1 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast (dollars in millions)
Prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s Management in July 2017

The following are revised forecasts prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s management in July 2017. Certain of the numbers may not
sum due to rounding.
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)   2017E    2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  

Operating Revenue   $ 193.7   $380.2   $397.1   $413.8   $431.5   $452.8 
Adjusted EBITDA    55.4    108.1    116.1    120.2    125.8    132.5 
Levered Free Cash Flow    11.7    3.6    18.5    23.5    30.4    38.8 
 

107



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 118/217

Table of Contents

Set forth below is a summary of reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial information included in the Updated Five-Year
Hawaiian Telcom Forecast to the most comparable GAAP financial measures based on financial information available to, or projected
by, Hawaiian Telcom:
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E  

Net income (loss)   $ (1.6)  $ (7.5)  $ 1.7   $ 7.5   $ 9.5   $ 12.6 
Income tax provision (credit)    (1.1)   (5.1)   1.2    5.3    6.7    8.9 
Loss on early extinguishment of debt    0.0   4.8   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Interest expense and other income and expense, net    8.8   16.6   15.1    14.6    14.0    12.6 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Operating income    6.1   8.8   17.9    27.5    30.2    34.1 
Depreciation and amortization    45.2   88.1   93.2    87.7    90.6    93.5 
Non-cash stock and other performance-based compensation    1.5   3.0   3.0    3.0    3.0    3.0 
SystemMetrics earn-out    0.0   0.0   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Pension settlement loss    1.0   3.5   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Early retirement plan severance    0.0   1.7   0.0    0.0    0.0    0.0 
Other special items    1.7   3.1   2.0    2.0    2.0    2.0 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Adjusted EBITDA   $ 55.4  $108.1  $116.1   $120.2   $125.8   $132.5 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Adjusted EBITDA   $ 55.4  $108.1  $116.1  $120.2  $125.8  $132.5 
Cash interest expense    (7.0)   (15.9)   (17.6)   (17.2)   (16.5)   (15.2) 
Capital expenditures    (36.7)   (88.6)   (80.0)   (79.5)   (78.8)   (78.5) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Levered Free Cash Flow   $ 11.7  $ 3.6  $ 18.5  $ 23.5  $ 30.4  $ 38.8 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Set forth below is a summary of the derivation of the non-GAAP financial measure, Unlevered Free Cash Flow, based on the
Updated Five-Year Hawaiian Telcom Forecast:
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Adjusted EBITDA   $ 55.4  $108.1  $116.1  $120.2  $125.8  $132.5 
Stock-based compensation & other non-recurring items    (4.1)   (11.3)   (5.0)   (5.0)   (5.0)   (5.0) 
Depreciation and amortization    (45.2)   (88.1)   (93.2)   (87.7)   (90.6)   (93.5) 
Taxes at an effective rate of 38%    (2.3)   (3.3)   (6.8)   (10.5)   (11.5)   (12.9) 
SEA-US capacity agreements    29.0   29.0   33.4   0.0   0.0   0.0 
Depreciation and amortization    45.2   88.1   93.2   87.7   90.6   93.5 
Capital expenditures    (36.7)   (88.6)   (80.0)   (79.5)   (78.8)   (78.5) 
Pension & other postemployment benefits    (4.1)   (4.4)   (9.8)   (9.0)   (9.0)   (9.0) 
Net working capital and Other(1)    (9.1)   (4.4)   (3.2)   (4.1)   (4.2)   (4.0) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ 28.1  $ 25.1  $ 44.6  $ 12.2  $ 17.3  $ 23.2 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
(1) Other includes provisions for uncollectible amounts and other non-cash income.
 

108



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 119/217

Table of Contents

The Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition) and the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro
Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger)

Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition) (dollars in millions)
Prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s Management in July 2017

The following are forecasts prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s management in July 2017 relating to Cincinnati Bell, after taking into
account the estimated pro forma effect of, and the synergies anticipated to result from, the OnX acquisition but without taking into
account the estimated pro forma effect of the merger. Certain of the numbers may not sum due to rounding.
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Cincinnati Bell revenue(1)   $ 600.3  $1,190.8  $1,191.6  $1,215.5  $1,253.9  $1,276.2 
OnX revenue(1)    278.9   553.2   555.7   558.5   561.5   563.2 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenue    879.2   1,744.0   1,747.3   1,774.1   1,815.4   1,839.3 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell Adjusted EBITDA(2)    148.3   294.3   302.4   300.9   303.6   310.2 
OnX Adjusted EBITDA(2)    12.7   25.2   25.8   27.0   28.3   29.7 
Synergies(3)    1.2   1.2   11.4   14.1   22.2   23.0 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total Adjusted EBITDA   $ 162.2   320.7   339.5   341.9   354.1   362.9 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell capital expenditures    (99.3)   (197.0)   (194.7)   (179.4)   (188.8)   (193.8) 
OnX capital expenditures    (2.0)   (3.9)   (6.0)   (6.9)   (7.8)   (7.8) 
Synergies(3)    0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total capital expenditures    (101.3)   (200.9)   (200.7)   (186.3)   (196.6)   (201.6) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell Operating Free Cash Flow    49.0   97.3   107.7   121.5   114.8   116.4 
OnX Operating Free Cash Flow    10.7   21.3   19.8   20.1   20.5   21.9 
Synergies(3)    1.2   1.2   11.4   14.1   22.2   23.0 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total Operating Free Cash Flow   $ 61.0  $ 119.7  $ 138.8  $ 155.6  $ 157.5  $ 161.3 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Set forth below is a summary of the derivation of the non-GAAP financial measure, Unlevered Free Cash Flow, based on the
Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition):
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Total Adjusted EBITDA   $ 162.2  $ 320.7  $ 339.5  $ 341.9  $ 354.1  $ 362.9 
Stock-based compensation    (1.6)   (3.2)   (5.6)   (6.2)   (6.6)   (6.2) 
Depreciation and amortization    (96.2)   (190.8)   (198.1)   (199.8)   (201.9)   (206.8) 
Taxes at an effective rate of 38%    (24.5)   (48.1)   (51.6)   (51.7)   (55.3)   (57.0) 
Depreciation and amortization    96.2   190.8   198.1   199.8   201.9   206.8 
Capital expenditures    (101.3)   (200.9)   (200.7)   (186.3)   (196.6)   (201.6) 
Pension & other postemployment benefits    (0.2)   (0.4)   (2.7)   (7.8)   (3.8)   (4.8) 
Net working capital    5.4   10.7   (13.2)   (15.1)   (10.6)   (9.9) 
Other(4)    3.1   6.2   5.1   5.0   4.2   3.8 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ 43.2  $ 85.0  $ 70.9  $ 79.9  $ 85.4  $ 87.2 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
(1) Reflects Hawaiian Telcom management’s projections for Cincinnati Bell and OnX, each as a standalone company.
 

109



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 120/217

Table of Contents

(2) Cincinnati Bell Adjusted EBITDA reflects Hawaiian Telcom management’s projections for Cincinnati Bell as a standalone
company; OnX Adjusted EBITDA reflects Hawaiian Telcom management’s projections for OnX as a standalone company.

(3) Cincinnati Bell and OnX acquisition synergies are presented net of cost to achieve synergies and are estimates provided by
Cincinnati Bell management for use by Hawaiian Telcom management.

(4) Other includes provisions for loss on receivables, non-cash interest expense, loss on debt extinguishment and other.

Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial information included in the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX
Acquisition) to GAAP financial measures is not feasible because OnX is a privately-held company and OnX GAAP earnings were not
available to Hawaiian Telcom.

Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger) (dollars in millions)
Prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s Management in July 2017

The following are forecasts prepared by Hawaiian Telcom’s management in July 2017 relating to Cincinnati Bell, after taking into
account both the estimated pro forma effect of, and the synergies anticipated to result from, the OnX acquisition and the estimated pro
forma effect of the merger. Certain of the numbers may not sum due to rounding.
 
  

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Cincinnati Bell revenue(1)  $ 600.3  $1,190.8  $1,191.6  $1,215.5  $1,253.9  $1,276.2 
Hawaiian Telcom revenue   193.7   380.2   397.1   413.8   431.5   452.8 
OnX revenue(1)   278.9   553.2   555.7   558.5   561.5   563.2 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Combined revenue   1,072.9   2,124.2   2,144.4   2,187.9   2,246.9   2,292.2 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell Adjusted EBITDA(2)   148.3   294.3   302.4   300.9   303.6   310.2 
Hawaiian Telcom Adjusted EBITDA(2)   55.4   108.1   116.1   120.2   125.8   132.5 
OnX Adjusted EBITDA(2)   12.7   25.2   25.8   27.0   28.3   29.7 
Synergies(3)   1.2   1.2   8.0   17.1   33.1   33.8 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Combined Adjusted EBITDA   217.7   428.8   452.2   465.1   490.7   506.2 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell capital expenditures   (99.3)   (197.0)   (194.7)   (179.4)   (188.8)   (193.8) 
Hawaiian Telcom capital expenditures   (36.7)   (88.6)   (80.0)   (79.5)   (78.8)   (78.5) 
OnX capital expenditures   (2.0)   (3.9)   (6.0)   (6.9)   (7.8)   (7.8) 
Synergies   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0   0.0 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Combined capital expenditures   (138.0)   (289.5)   (280.7)   (265.8)   (275.4)   (280.1) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Cincinnati Bell Operating Free Cash Flow   49.0   97.3   107.7   121.5   114.8   116.4 
Hawaiian Telcom Operating Free Cash Flow   18.7   19.5   36.1   40.7   47.0   54.0 
OnX Operating Free Cash Flow   10.7   21.3   19.8   20.1   20.5   21.9 
Synergies(3)   1.2   1.2   8.0   17.1   33.1   33.8 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Combined Operating Free Cash Flow  $ 79.7  $ 139.3  $ 171.5  $ 199.3  $ 215.3  $ 226.1 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
110



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 121/217

Table of Contents

Set forth below is a summary of the derivation of the non-GAAP financial measure, Unlevered Free Cash Flow, based on the
Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX Acquisition and the Merger):
 
   

2017E
(6ME 12/31)  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E  

Combined Adjusted EBITDA   $ 217.7  $ 428.8  $ 452.2  $ 465.1  $ 490.7  $ 506.2 
Stock-based compensation & and other non-recurring

items    (5.8)   (14.5)   (10.6)   (11.1)   (11.6)   (11.2) 
Depreciation and amortization    (141.4)   (278.8)   (291.3)   (287.5)   (292.5)   (300.2) 
Taxes at an effective rate of 38%    (26.8)   (51.5)   (57.1)   (63.3)   (70.9)   (74.0) 
Depreciation and amortization    141.4   278.8   291.3   287.5   292.5   300.2 
SEA-US capacity agreements    29.0   29.0   33.4   0.0   0.0   0.0 
Capital expenditures    (138.0)   (289.5)   (280.7)   (265.8)   (275.4)   (280.1) 
Pension & other postemployment benefits    (4.3)   (4.8)   (12.5)   (16.7)   (12.7)   (13.7) 
Net working capital(4)    (3.7)   6.3   (16.5)   (19.2)   (14.8)   (13.9) 
Other(5)    3.1   6.2   5.1   5.0   4.2   3.8 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Unlevered Free Cash Flow   $ 71.3  $ 110.1  $ 113.3  $ 94.0  $ 109.4  $ 117.0 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
(1) Reflects Hawaiian Telcom management’s projections for Cincinnati Bell and OnX, each as a standalone company.
(2) Hawaiian Telcom Adjusted EBITDA means Adjusted EBITDA as defined and used in the Hawaiian Telcom Management

Standalone Forecasts for Hawaiian Telcom as a standalone company; Cincinnati Bell Adjusted EBITDA reflects Hawaiian
Telcom management’s projections for Cincinnati Bell as a standalone company; OnX EBITDA reflects Hawaiian Telcom
management’s projections for OnX as a standalone company.

(3) Cincinnati Bell, OnX acquisition and merger synergies are presented net of cost to achieve synergies and are estimates provided
by Cincinnati Bell management for use by Hawaiian Telcom management.

(4) Net working capital includes Cincinnati Bell net working capital, as estimated by Cincinnati Bell management, and Hawaiian
Telcom net working capital and provisions for uncollectible amounts and other non-cash income, as estimated by Hawaiian
Telcom management.

(5) Other includes provisions for loss on receivables, non-cash interest expense, loss on debt extinguishment and other.

Reconciliations of the non-GAAP financial information included in the Five-Year Cincinnati Bell Forecast (Pro Forma for OnX
Acquisition and the Merger) to GAAP financial measures is not feasible because OnX is a privately-held company and OnX GAAP
earnings were not available to Hawaiian Telcom.

Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding rollover RSU will be converted into a time-based RSU of Cincinnati Bell,
with respect to a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by multiplying the
number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to such rollover RSU by the ratio based upon the value of the mixed
consideration described below, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such rollover RSU
immediately prior to the completion of the merger, with any applicable performance criteria deemed satisfied at target levels. The
applicable ratio for converting such RSU is the sum of (i) the share portion of the mixed consideration plus (ii) the quotient of (A) the
cash portion of the mixed consideration and (B) the closing price of one Cincinnati Bell common share on the last trading date
preceding the closing date as reported on the NYSE.

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding cash-out RSU will be canceled and converted into the right to receive in
respect of each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to each cash-out RSU (i) the merger consideration (as determined by
the holder’s election or non-election, as applicable) and (ii) a cash
 

111



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 122/217

Table of Contents

payment equal to any accrued dividend equivalents in respect of each such restricted stock unit. Holders of cash-out RSUs will be
entitled to choose the share consideration, mixed consideration or cash consideration with respect to each share of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock subject to their cash-out RSUs. Each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to a cash-out RSU with respect
to which no election is made will receive the mixed consideration. Any applicable performance criteria will be based upon actual
performance as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the Hawaiian Telcom board of
directors in consultation with Cincinnati Bell in respect of any performance period that has not concluded prior to the effective time of
the merger.

Interests of Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors that you vote to adopt the merger agreement, you
should be aware that Hawaiian Telcom’s non-employee directors and executive officers have certain interests in the merger that are
different from, or in addition to, those of Hawaiian Telcom’s stockholders generally. The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors was
aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in reaching its decisions to (i) approve the merger and the other
transactions contemplated thereby, (ii) adopt, approve and declare advisable the merger agreement, and (iii) resolve to recommend the
adoption of the merger agreement to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. The transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be a
“change of control” for purposes of the Hawaiian Telcom executive compensation and benefit plans described below.

Certain Assumptions

Except as otherwise specifically noted, for purposes of quantifying the potential payments and benefits described in this section,
the following assumptions were used:
 

 
•  the value of the merger consideration is $28.57 for each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, based on the average

closing price per share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock over the five business days following the first public
announcement of the transaction on July 10, 2017;

 

 
•  the effective time of the merger is October 3, 2017, which is the assumed date of the closing of the merger solely for

purposes of the disclosure in this section; and
 

 
•  each executive officer of Hawaiian Telcom was terminated by Hawaiian Telcom without “cause” or resigned for “good

reason” (as such terms are defined in the relevant plans and agreements), in either case immediately following the assumed
effective time of October 3, 2017.

Change of Control Agreements

Hawaiian Telcom has entered into change of control agreements, which are referred to as the “change of control agreements”,
with each of its four executive officers, who are also the named executive officers. The change of control agreements provide for
certain payments and other benefits if, within the period beginning six months before, and ending 24 months after, a “change of
control”, Hawaiian Telcom terminates the executive officer’s employment without “cause” or the executive officer terminates his
employment for “good reason”, referred to as a “qualifying termination”. Such payments and benefits include: (i) payment to
Mr. Barber of an amount equal to two times the sum of his base salary plus target bonus for the year of termination, (ii) payment to
each of the other executive officers of an amount equal to 1.5 times the sum of such executive officer’s base salary plus target bonus
for the year of termination, (iii) continued medical insurance benefits for a period of 24 months for Mr. Barber and 18 months for each
of the other executive officers, and (iv) a pro rata portion of the executive officer’s bonus for the year of termination based on actual
performance over the entire year. One and a half times Mr. Barber’s base salary is payable in equal installments over 18 months, with
the remaining portion of the base salary and target bonus payment payable in a lump sum shortly following a qualifying termination
and one times each other named executive officer’s base salary is payable in equal installments over 12 months, with the remaining
portion of the base salary and target bonus payments payable in a lump sum shortly following a qualifying termination.
 

112



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 123/217

Table of Contents

The completion of the merger will constitute a “change of control” for purposes of the change of control agreements.

Payment of any benefits under the change of control agreements is conditioned upon the executive officer executing a general
waiver and release, confidentiality and non-disparagement agreement. In addition, each executive officer is subject to non-competition
and employee and customer non-solicitation restrictions for one year following termination of employment for any reason.

For purposes of the change of control agreements, “good reason” generally means (i) a material diminution in the authority, duties
or responsibilities of the executive officer or the supervisor to whom the executive officer is required to report, (ii) a material breach by
Hawaiian Telcom of the change of control agreement or the executive officer’s employment offer letter or employment agreement,
(iii) the relocation of the executive officer’s principal office without consent to a location that is in excess of fifty miles from Honolulu,
Hawai‘i, (iv) a reduction in total direct compensation in amount greater than 10% of the previous year’s total direct compensation that
is not caused by below target performance of performance-based compensation or (v) the failure of the successor in interest to
Hawaiian Telcom to assume the obligations under the change of control agreement.

For purposes of the change of control agreements, “cause” generally means the executive officer’s (i) failure to follow a legal
order of the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors, (ii) gross or willful misconduct in the performance of duties that causes or is
reasonably likely to cause damage to Hawaiian Telcom, (iii) conviction of felony or crime involving material dishonesty or moral
turpitude, (iv) fraud or, other than with respect to a de minimis amount, personal dishonesty involving Hawaiian Telcom’s assets or
(v) unlawful use (including being under the influence) or possession of illegal drugs on Hawaiian Telcom’s premises or while
performing duties and responsibilities to Hawaiian Telcom.

For the estimated amounts that each of Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers would receive under the change of control
agreements upon a covered termination of employment, see the section titled “—Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to
Hawaiian Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger”.

Executive Severance Plan

Each of Hawaiian Telcom’s executive officers are eligible to participate and receive benefits under Hawaiian Telcom’s executive
severance plan (the “executive severance plan”). Under the executive severance plan, each executive officer has the right to receive
certain payments in the event of a termination by Hawaiian Telcom without “cause” or by the executive officer for “good reason” (each
as defined in the executive severance plan); provided that the executive officer is not otherwise eligible to receive benefits under a
change of control agreement. As such, in the event an executive officer experiences a qualifying termination within six months before
or 24 months after the effective time of the merger, such executive officer would only receive the payments described above pursuant
to the change of control agreements and would not receive any payments under the executive severance plan.

Equity Awards

As described above, in the section titled “—Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards”, at the effective time of the merger,
(i) each cash-out RSU will be canceled and converted into the right to receive in respect of each share of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock subject to each cash-out RSU (a) the merger consideration (as determined by the holder’s election or non-election, as applicable)
and (b) a cash payment equal to any accrued dividend equivalents in respect of each such RSU, with any applicable performance
criteria based upon actual performance as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors in consultation with Cincinnati Bell in respect of any performance period
 

113



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 124/217

Table of Contents

that has not concluded prior to the effective time of the merger, and (ii) each rollover RSU will be converted into a time-based RSU of
Cincinnati Bell, with respect to a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by
multiplying the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to such rollover RSU by a ratio based upon the value of
the mixed consideration, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions, including time-based vesting, as were applicable to
such rollover RSU immediately prior to the completion of the merger, with any applicable performance criteria deemed satisfied at
target levels.

Treatment of Rollover RSUs upon Termination of Employment Following the Merger

If an executive officer’s employment is terminated by Hawaiian Telcom without “cause” or by the executive officer under
circumstances which would constitute “good reason”, in either case within the period beginning two months before, and ending 24
months after, the effective time of the merger, the rollover RSUs will fully vest upon such termination. For purposes of the rollover
RSUs held by the executive officers, “cause” and “good reason” are defined in the same manner as under the change of control
agreements.

For an estimate of the amounts that would become payable to each of Hawaiian Telcom’s named executive officers in respect of
their unvested Hawaiian Telcom RSUs, see the section titled “—Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger”.

Non-Employee Directors RSUs

All of the Hawaiian Telcom RSUs held by Hawaiian Telcom’s non-employee directors are cash-out RSUs. Based on the
assumptions described above under “—Certain Assumptions”, the estimated aggregate amount that would become payable to Hawaiian
Telcom’s non-employee directors in respect of their unvested cash-out RSUs is $916,783.

For more information on equity holdings of Hawaiian Telcom’s non-employee directors and executive officers, see the section
titled “Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of Hawaiian Telcom”.

Indemnification and Insurance

Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom non-employee directors and executive officers will be entitled to
certain ongoing indemnification and coverage under directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies following the merger. Such
indemnification and insurance coverage is further described in the section titled “The Merger Agreement—Indemnification and
Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance” beginning on page 137.

Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to Hawaiian Telcom’s Named Executive Officers in Connection with the
Merger

The information set forth in the table below is intended to comply with Item 402(t) of the SEC’s Regulation S-K, which requires
disclosure of information about the merger-related compensation.

The amounts shown in the table below are estimates based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur or be
accurate on the relevant date, including the assumptions described below and in the footnotes to the table, and do not reflect certain
compensation actions that may occur before completion of the merger. For purposes of calculating such amounts, the following
assumptions were used:
 

 
•  the value of the merger consideration is $28.57 for each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock based on the average

closing price per share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock over the five business days following the first public
announcement of the transaction on July 10, 2017;

 
114



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 125/217

Table of Contents

 
•  the effective time is October 3, 2017, which is the assumed date of the closing of the merger solely for purposes of the

disclosure in this section; and
 

 
•  each named executive officer of Hawaiian Telcom was terminated by Hawaiian Telcom without “cause” or resigned for

“good reason” (as such terms are defined in the relevant plans and agreements), in either case immediately following the
assumed effective time of October 3, 2017.

As a result of the foregoing assumptions, the actual amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer may materially
differ from the amounts set forth below.

For purposes of this discussion, “single-trigger” refers to payments and benefits that are payable upon the effective time of the
merger, solely as a result of the merger, and “double-trigger” refers to benefits that require two conditions, which are the effective time
of the merger, as well as a qualifying termination of employment within a specified time following the effective time of the merger.
 

Named Executive Officer   Cash(1)    Equity(2)    
Perquisites/
Benefits(3)    Total  

Scott K. Barber   $2,352,945   $2,050,811   $ 26,142   $4,429,898 
Dan T. Bessy   $1,104,721   $ 890,641   $ 27,320   $2,022,682 
John T. Komeiji   $1,037,654   $ 830,587   $ 22,185   $1,890,426 
Kevin T. Paul   $ 738,902   $ 517,202   $ 27,320   $1,283,424 

 
(1) Cash. The amounts reported in this column consist of cash severance that includes the following: (i) payment to Mr. Barber of

an amount equal to two times the sum of his base salary plus target bonus for the year of termination, with the portion of such amount
equal to 1.5 times his base salary to be paid over 18 months and the balance to be paid in a lump sum shortly following termination,
(ii) payment to each of the other named executive officers of an amount equal to 1.5 times the sum of such named executive officer’s
base salary plus target bonus for the year of termination, with the portion of such amount equal to one times their respective base salary
to be paid over 12 months and the balance to be paid in a lump sum shortly following termination, and (iii) a pro rata portion of the
named executive officer’s bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance over the entire year (assuming the target level
of performance for purposes of this disclosure), paid in a lump sum at the time such bonuses are generally paid under Hawaiian
Telcom’s annual bonus plan. The cash severance payments are considered “double-trigger”. Payment of the cash severance payments is
conditioned upon the executive officer executing a general waiver and release, confidentiality and non-disparagement agreement.

The table below quantifies each separate component of the cash severance compensation included in the aggregate total reported
above.
 

Named Executive Officer   

Base Salary
Component

of Severance Paid in
Installments    

Base Salary
Component

of Severance Paid in
Lump Sum    

Bonus
Component
of Severance   

Pro-Rata
Bonus  

Scott K. Barber   $ 742,500   $ 247,500   $ 990,000   $372,945 
Dan T. Bessy   $ 346,300   $ 173,150   $ 389,588   $195,683 
John T. Komeiji   $ 350,000   $ 175,000   $ 341,250   $171,404 
Kevin T. Paul   $ 307,700   $ 153,850   $ 184,620   $ 92,732 

(2) Equity. Pursuant to the terms of the outstanding Hawaiian Telcom RSUs, each named executive officer would be entitled to
either “single trigger” accelerated vesting with respect to his cash-out RSUs or accelerated vesting of rollover RSUs upon a “double
trigger” qualifying termination within two months before or 24 months after the effective time of the merger. We have assumed that the
named executive officers will experience a qualifying termination at the effective time. The value of the unvested accelerated RSUs is
equal to $28.57 multiplied by the number of unvested RSUs as of October 3, 2017, consistent with the methodology applied under SEC
Regulation S-K Item 402(t)(2). In accordance with the governing awards agreements, for outstanding
 

115



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 126/217

Table of Contents

RSUs granted in 2014 and 2015 originally subject to performance conditions (which are single-trigger), these values reflect the portion
of the maximum number of such unvested RSUs that will immediately vest upon the effective time of the merger taking into account
actual performance through such date. For RSU grants made in 2016 (which are single-trigger) and 2017 (which are double-trigger),
these values assume the target number of RSUs subject to performance conditions will vest at the target level of performance. The
amounts in this column for the unvested RSUs do not reflect any taxes payable by the named executive officers. For further details
regarding the treatment of Hawaiian Telcom equity awards in connection with the merger, see the section titled “—Interests of
Hawaiian Telcom’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Equity Awards”. The value of each such benefit is shown in the
following table:
 

Named Executive Officer   

Value of Unvested
Cash-Out RSUs
(single-trigger)    

Value of Unvested
Rollover RSUs

(double-trigger)  
Scott K. Barber   $ 989,093   $ 1,061,718 
Dan T. Bessy   $ 466,205   $ 424,436 
John T. Komeiji   $ 487,404   $ 343,183 
Kevin T. Paul   $ 290,928   $ 226,274 

(3) Perquisites/Benefits. The change of control agreements provide, upon a “double trigger” qualifying termination within six
months before or 24 months after the effective time of the merger, continued medical insurance benefits for a period of 24 months for
Mr. Barber and 18 months for each of the other named executive officers at the expense of Hawaiian Telcom.

Cincinnati Bell’s Reasons for the Merger

Cincinnati Bell believes the merger will create sustainable long-term value for its shareholders by adding meaningful scale,
securing a larger fiber footprint and enabling the combined company to capitalize on the growing demand for fiber capacity. Key
factors considered by Cincinnati Bell in entering into the merger include the following:
 

 •  the merger is expected to provide the combined company with greater geographic and customer diversity;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s belief that in combining Cincinnati Bell’s fiber expertise and success with Hawaiian Telcom’s strong

presence as an incumbent carrier with leading market share and strong brand equity, the combined company will be in a
better position to pursue accretive fiber investments across both geographies, as well as system upgrades;

 

 •  the merger is expected to grow Cincinnati Bell’s fiber footprint by over 40%, from 10,000 route miles to more than 14,000;
 

 
•  the merger is expected to grow Cincinnati Bell’s Internet subscriber base by 35% to well over 400,000, and its video

subscribers by 30% to over 180,000;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s and Hawaiian Telcom’s complimentary values, goals and business strategies, including a shared focus on

investment in fiber;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s expectation that the merger will be accretive to free cash flow per share for its shareholders once synergies

are fully realized;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s expectation that the merger will add value to Hawaiian Telcom’s IT Services and Hardware business

through enhanced and expanded capabilities, certifications, and vendor relationships, which will allow Hawaiian Telcom to
compete with a lower cost structure and broader product portfolio;

 
116



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 127/217

Table of Contents

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s expectation that the combined company’s financial and operational scale will obtain financing at more

favorable terms and enhance strategic flexibility and financial stability;
 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s expectation that the transaction will provide the combined company meaningful synergies through

operational efficiencies, IT support savings, reductions in public company costs and efficiencies in professional services and
back office systems; and

 

 
•  Cincinnati Bell’s belief that the combined company will be able to obtain lower cost programming, enabling it to compete

more effectively with cable television competitors.

Board of Directors and Executive Officers After the Merger

Board of Directors and Executive Officers of Cincinnati Bell After the Merger

The composition of the board of directors and executive officers of Cincinnati Bell will not change as a result of the merger,
except that pursuant to the merger agreement, unless the merger agreement is terminated or the completion of the merger does not
occur, Cincinnati Bell will appoint to its board of directors two persons selected by Hawaiian Telcom, subject to approval of such
persons by the Cincinnati Bell board of directors (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The two new directors will
be in addition to the nine directors serving on the Cincinnati Bell board of directors immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have not made a determination as to
which two directors would be selected by Hawaiian Telcom to be appointed to Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors.

Board of Directors and Executive Officer of the Surviving Corporation After the Merger

As of the effective time of the merger, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
the directors of Hawaiian Telcom, as the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of the merger, until their
respective successors are duly appointed and qualified, or until their earlier resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The officers of Hawaiian Telcom immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger shall continue as the officers of the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of the merger until their
respective successors are duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The board of directors of the surviving corporation will include
individuals who are domiciled in Hawai‘i.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

The following is a summary of the material regulatory requirements for completion of the merger. There can be no guarantee if or
when any of the consents or approvals required for the merger will be obtained or as to any conditions that such consents and approvals
may contain. Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom intend to make all required filings as promptly as practicable. The management of
each of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently believe that the necessary regulatory approvals can be obtained by the second
half of 2018; however, there can be no assurances that such approvals will be obtained in accordance with this timing or at all. For
further information, please see the section titled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40.

The merger is subject to the requirements of the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act and the rules promulgated by the FTC, which prevent
transactions such as the merger from being completed until (i) certain information and materials are furnished to DOJ and the FTC and
(ii) the applicable waiting period is terminated or expires. On September 1, 2017, both Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom filed their
respective Notification and Report Forms with the FTC and the Antitrust Division of the DOJ. The 30-day statutory waiting period
under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act expired at 11:59 p.m. New York time on October 2, 2017.

In addition, completion of the merger is also conditioned upon the receipt of approvals from the FCC, the State of Hawai‘i
Department of Commerce and Consumer Affairs and the Hawai‘i Public Utilities Commission. There can be no assurance that the
requisite FCC and state approvals will be obtained on a timely basis or at all.
 

117



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 128/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom also intend to make all required filings under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act
relating to the merger and obtain all other approvals and consents which may be necessary to give effect to the merger.

Appraisal Rights

If the merger is completed, stockholders who have complied exactly with the procedures set forth in Section 262, including
stockholders who: (i) do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement; (ii) continuously hold their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock through the effective time; and (iii) properly demand appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 are entitled to exercise appraisal rights in connection with the merger under
Section 262.

The following discussion is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under Section 262 and is
qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is attached to this proxy statement/prospectus as Annex D and
incorporated herein by reference. The following summary does not constitute any legal or other advice and does not constitute
a recommendation that stockholders exercise their appraisal rights under Section 262. Only a holder of record of shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares registered in such holder’s name. A
person having a beneficial interest in shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held of record in the name of another person,
such as a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee, must act promptly to cause the record holder to follow the steps summarized
below properly and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal rights. If you hold your shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee and you wish to demand appraisal, you should consult with your broker,
bank, trustee or the other nominee.

Under Section 262, holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who: (i) do not vote in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement; (ii) continuously hold their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time; and (iii) otherwise
follow exactly the procedures set forth in Section 262, will be entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, exclusive of any element
of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest to be paid on the amount determined to
be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. Unless the Delaware Court of Chancery, in its discretion,
determines otherwise for good cause shown, and except with respect to certain advance payments described below, interest on an
appraisal award will accrue and compound quarterly from the effective time through the date the judgment is paid at 5% over the
Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during such period.

Under Section 262, where a merger agreement is to be submitted for adoption at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not
less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to exercise appraisal rights that appraisal rights are
available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy statement/prospectus constitutes Hawaiian Telcom’s notice to
stockholders that appraisal rights are available in connection with the merger, and the full text of Section 262 is attached to this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex D. In connection with the merger, any holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who wishes
to exercise appraisal rights or who wishes to preserve such holder’s right to do so should review the following discussion and Annex D
carefully.

Failure to comply exactly with the requirements of Section 262 in a timely and proper manner will result in the loss of
appraisal rights under the DGCL.

A stockholder who loses his, her or its appraisal rights will be entitled to receive the merger consideration described in the merger
agreement. Moreover, because of the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right to seek appraisal of shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock, Hawaiian Telcom believes that if a stockholder considers exercising such rights, such stockholder should seek
the advice of legal counsel.
 

118



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 129/217

Table of Contents

Stockholders wishing to perfect the right to seek an appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock must, among
other requirements, do ALL of the following:
 

 •  the stockholder must not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement;
 

 
•  the stockholder must deliver to Hawaiian Telcom a written demand for appraisal that complies with Section 262 before the

vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement at the special meeting; and
 

 •  the stockholder must continuously hold the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time.

The stockholder or the surviving corporation must also file a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery requesting a
determination of the fair value of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock within 120 days after the effective time. The surviving
corporation is under no obligation to file any petition and has no intention of doing so.

If a stockholder signs and returns a proxy card or submits a proxy via the Internet or telephone without abstaining or expressly
directing that his, her or its shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock be voted against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement,
such stockholder will effectively waive his, her or its appraisal rights with respect to shares represented by the proxy because such
shares will be voted in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Accordingly, if a stockholder desires to exercise and
perfect appraisal rights with respect to any of his, her or its shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, such stockholder must either
(1) refrain from voting in person in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, (2) refrain from executing and returning the
enclosed proxy card, or submitting a proxy via the Internet or by telephone, in each case in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement or without specifying any voting instructions with respect to such proxy, or (3) vote in person or check either the “against”
or the “abstain” box next to the proposal on such card or by submitting a proxy via the Internet or by telephone in each case against the
proposal or register in person an abstention with respect thereto. A vote or proxy against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
will not, in and of itself, constitute a demand for appraisal.

Filing Written Demand

Any holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must deliver to Hawaiian Telcom,
before the vote on the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting at which the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
will be submitted to the stockholders, a written demand for the appraisal of the stockholder’s shares, and that stockholder must not vote
or submit a proxy in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. A holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock exercising
appraisal rights must hold of record the shares on the date the written demand for appraisal is made, and must continue to hold the
shares of record through the effective time. A proxy that is submitted and does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be
voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and it will constitute a waiver of the stockholder’s right of appraisal and will
nullify any previously delivered written demand for appraisal. Therefore, a stockholder who submits a proxy and who wishes to
exercise appraisal rights must submit a proxy containing instructions to vote against the adoption of the merger agreement or abstain
from voting on the adoption of the merger agreement. Neither voting against the adoption of the merger agreement, nor abstaining from
voting or failing to vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement will, in and of itself, constitute a written demand for appraisal
satisfying the requirements of Section 262. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or
vote on the adoption of the merger agreement. A stockholder’s failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the
adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting will result in a loss of appraisal rights under the DGCL.

Only a holder of record of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares
registered in such holder’s name. A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock should be executed
by or on behalf of the holder of record and must reasonably inform Hawaiian
 

119



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 130/217

Table of Contents

Telcom of the identity of the holder and state that the person intends thereby to demand appraisal of the holder’s shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock in connection with the merger. If the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are owned of record in a
fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, such demand must be executed by or on behalf of the record owner, and
if the shares are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint tenancy and tenancy in common, the demand should be
executed by or on behalf of all joint owners. An authorized agent, including an authorized agent for two or more joint owners, may
execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners and
expressly disclose that, in executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the record owner or owners.

STOCKHOLDERS WHO HOLD THEIR SHARES OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON STOCK IN BROKERAGE OR
BANK ACCOUNTS, TRUSTS OR OTHER NOMINEE FORMS AND WHO WISH TO DEMAND APPRAISAL RIGHTS
SHOULD CONSULT WITH THEIR BROKER, BANK, TRUSTEE OR OTHER NOMINEE, AS APPLICABLE, TO DETERMINE
THE APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR THE BROKER, BANK, TRUSTEE OR OTHER NOMINEE TO MAKE A DEMAND
FOR APPRAISAL OF THOSE SHARES OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON STOCK. A PERSON HAVING A BENEFICIAL
INTEREST IN SHARES OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON STOCK HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER
PERSON, SUCH AS A BROKER, BANK, TRUSTEE OR OTHER NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE
RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY MANNER THE STEPS NECESSARY TO PERFECT
APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 should be delivered to:

Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc.
Attn: Secretary and General Counsel

1177 Bishop Street
Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813

Any holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and accept the
consideration offered pursuant to the merger agreement by delivering to Hawaiian Telcom a written withdrawal of the demand for
appraisal. However, any such attempt to withdraw the demand made more than 60 days after the effective time will require written
approval of the surviving corporation.

No appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed without the approval of the Delaware Court of
Chancery, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just; provided, however,
that such dismissal will not affect the right of any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that
proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger
within 60 days after the effective time.

Notice by the Surviving Corporation

If the merger is completed, within ten days after the effective time, the surviving corporation will notify each holder of shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock who has made a written demand for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 and who has not voted in favor
of the adoption of the merger agreement that the merger has become effective and the effective date thereof.

Filing a Petition for Appraisal

Within 120 days after the effective time, the surviving corporation or any holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to exercise appraisal rights under Section 262 may commence an appraisal
proceeding by filing a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery, with
 

120



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 131/217

Table of Contents

a copy served on the surviving corporation in the case of a petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair value
of the shares held by all stockholders entitled to appraisal. The surviving corporation is under no obligation, and has no present
intention, to file a petition, and holders should not assume that the surviving corporation will file a petition or initiate any negotiations
with respect to the fair value of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Accordingly, any holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock who desire to have their shares appraised should initiate all necessary action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of
their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock within the time and in the manner prescribed by Section 262. The failure of a holder of
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to file such a petition within the period specified in Section 262 will nullify the
stockholder’s previous written demand for appraisal.

Within 120 days after the effective time, any holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who has complied with the
requirements for exercise of appraisal rights will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the surviving corporation a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement with respect to which
Hawaiian Telcom has received demands for appraisal, and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. The surviving corporation
must mail this statement to the requesting stockholder within ten days after receipt of the written request for such a statement or within
ten days after the expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal, whichever is later. A beneficial owner of shares held
either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name, file a petition seeking appraisal or
request from the surviving corporation the foregoing statements. As noted above, however, the demand for appraisal can only be made
by a stockholder of record.

If a petition for an appraisal is duly filed by a holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and a copy thereof is served
upon the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days after such service to file with the
Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached. Upon the filing of any such
petition, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order that notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing on the petition be mailed to
the surviving corporation and all of the stockholders shown on such duly verified list. Such notice will also be published at least one
week before the day of the hearing in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of Wilmington, Delaware, or in another
publication determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. The costs of these notices are borne by the surviving corporation.

After notice to the stockholders as required by the court, the Delaware Court of Chancery is empowered to conduct a hearing on
the petition to determine those stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who have become entitled to exercise appraisal
rights thereunder. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require stockholders demanding appraisal of their shares to submit their stock
certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to
comply with that direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder. Additionally, because
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be listed on NASDAQ immediately prior to the effective time, the Delaware Court of
Chancery is required under Section 262 of the DGCL to dismiss the proceedings as to all holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or (2) the value of the consideration
provided in the merger for such total number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock exceeds $1 million.

Determination of Fair Value

After determining the holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to appraisal, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
appraise the “fair value” of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.
In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery may take into account all relevant factors. Unless the court in its discretion
determines otherwise for
 

121



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 132/217

Table of Contents

good cause shown, and except with respect to the advance payments described below, interest from the effective time through the date
of payment of the judgment will be compounded quarterly and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any
surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the effective time and the date of payment of the judgment. At
any time before the entry of judgment in the appraisal proceeding, the surviving corporation may pay to each holder of shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock entitled to appraisal an amount in cash (which will be treated as an advance against the payment due
to such holder of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock), in which case interest shall accrue thereafter only upon the sum of (1) the
difference, if any, between the amount paid and the fair value of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock as determined by the
Delaware Court of Chancery, and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time.

In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Supreme Court of Delaware discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair
value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable
in the financial community and otherwise admissible in court” should be considered, and that “[f]air price obviously requires
consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company.” The Delaware Supreme Court stated that, in making this
determination of fair value, the court may consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise
and any other facts that could be ascertained as of the date of the merger that throw any light on future prospects of the merged
corporation. Section 262 provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or
expectation of the merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a “narrow
exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative elements of value
arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Supreme Court of Delaware also stated that “elements of future
value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product
of speculation, may be considered.”

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as so determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery could be more than, the same as or less than the consideration they would receive pursuant to the merger if they did
not seek appraisal of their shares and that an opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a financial point of view of
the consideration payable in a merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value under Section 262.
Although Hawaiian Telcom believes that the merger consideration is fair, no representation is made as to the outcome of the
appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, and stockholders should recognize that such an
appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or lower than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Neither
Hawaiian Telcom nor Cincinnati Bell anticipates offering more than the merger consideration to any stockholder exercising appraisal
rights, and each of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of
Section 262, the “fair value” of a share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock is less than the merger consideration.

If a petition for appraisal is not timely filed, then the right to an appraisal will cease. The costs of the appraisal proceedings
(which do not include attorneys’ fees or the fees and expenses of experts) may be determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery and
taxed upon the parties as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder,
the Delaware Court of Chancery may also order that all or a portion of the expenses incurred by a stockholder in connection with an
appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the
value of all the shares entitled to be appraised.

If any stockholder who demands appraisal of his, her or its shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock under Section 262 fails to
perfect, or loses or successfully withdraws, such holder’s right to appraisal, such stockholder’s shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock will be deemed to have been converted at the effective time into the right to receive the merger consideration. A stockholder will
fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, the holder’s right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the
effective
 

122



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 133/217

Table of Contents

time or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of the holder’s demand for appraisal and an
acceptance of the merger consideration in accordance with Section 262.

From and after the effective time, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will be entitled to vote such shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, except dividends or other distributions on the holder’s shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, if any, payable to
stockholders as of a time prior to the effective time. If no petition for an appraisal is filed, or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving
corporation a written withdrawal of the demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger, either within 60 days after the
effective time or thereafter with the written approval of the surviving corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an appraisal will
cease. Once a petition for appraisal is filed with the Delaware Court of Chancery, however, the appraisal proceeding may not be
dismissed as to any stockholder who commenced the proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party without the approval of the
court.

Failure to comply exactly with all of the procedures set forth in Section 262 will result in the loss of a stockholder’s
statutory appraisal rights. Consequently, any stockholder wishing to exercise appraisal rights is encouraged to consult legal
counsel before attempting to exercise those rights.

New York Stock Exchange Listing of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of Hawaiian Telcom
Common Stock

It is a condition to the completion of the merger that the Cincinnati Bell common shares issuable as merger consideration be
approved for listing on the NYSE, subject to official notice of issuance. It is expected that following the merger, Cincinnati Bell
common shares will continue to trade on the NYSE under the symbol “CBB”.

If the merger is completed, Hawaiian Telcom common stock will be delisted from NASDAQ and deregistered under the
Exchange Act, and, accordingly, Hawaiian Telcom will no longer be a public company or be required to file periodic reports with the
SEC with respect to Hawaiian Telcom common stock.
 

123



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 134/217

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement

The following summarizes material provisions of the merger agreement, which is included as Annex A to this proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. The rights and obligations of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian
Telcom are governed by the express terms and conditions of the merger agreement and not by this summary or any other information
contained in this proxy statement/prospectus. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are urged to read the merger agreement carefully and in
its entirety as well as this proxy statement/prospectus before making any decisions regarding the merger.

The merger agreement is included with this proxy statement/prospectus only to provide you with information regarding the terms
of the merger agreement, and not to provide you with any other factual information regarding Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or
their respective subsidiaries or businesses. The merger agreement contains representations and warranties by each of the parties to the
merger agreement. These representations and warranties have been made solely for the benefit of the other parties to the merger
agreement and:
 

 •  have been made only for purposes of the merger agreement;
 

 
•  have been qualified by certain documents filed with, or furnished to, the SEC by Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom, as

applicable, prior to the date of the merger agreement;
 

 
•  have been qualified by confidential disclosures made to Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell, as applicable, in connection

with the merger agreement;
 

 
•  are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the merger agreement which may differ from what may be viewed as

material by investors;
 

 •  were made only as of the date of the merger agreement or such other date as is specified in the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  have been included in the merger agreement for the purpose of allocating risk between Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub, on

the one hand, and Hawaiian Telcom, on the other hand, rather than establishing matters as facts.

You should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of the actual state of
facts or condition of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or any of their respective subsidiaries or businesses. Moreover, information
concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the merger agreement, which
subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Cincinnati Bell’s or Hawaiian Telcom’s public disclosures.

Accordingly, the representations and warranties and other provisions of the merger agreement should not be read alone, but
instead should be read together with the information provided elsewhere in this proxy statement/prospectus and in the documents
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus. See “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193 of this
proxy statement/prospectus.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement.

Form and Effects of the Merger; Organizational Documents of the Surviving Corporation; Directors and Officers

The merger agreement provides for the merger of Merger Sub with and into Hawaiian Telcom. Hawaiian Telcom will be the
surviving corporation in the merger and will become a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell.
 

124



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 135/217

Table of Contents

At the effective time of the merger, the amended and restated certificate of incorporation of Hawaiian Telcom immediately prior
the effective time of the merger shall be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation. The bylaws of the surviving
corporation in effect from and after the effective time of the merger and until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by
applicable law shall be in the form of the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the merger.

The composition of the board of directors and executive officers of Cincinnati Bell will not change as a result of the merger,
except that pursuant to the merger agreement, unless the merger agreement is terminated or the completion of the merger does not
occur, Cincinnati Bell will appoint to its board of directors two persons selected by Hawaiian Telcom, subject to approval of such
persons by the Cincinnati Bell board of directors (not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The two new directors will
be in addition to the nine directors serving on the Cincinnati Bell board of directors immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have not made a determination as to
which two directors would be selected by Hawaiian Telcom to be appointed to Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors.

As of the effective time of the merger, the directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
the directors of Hawaiian Telcom, as the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of the merger, until their
respective successors are duly appointed and qualified, or until their earlier resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of
incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The officers of Hawaiian Telcom immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger shall continue as the officers of the surviving corporation immediately following the effective time of the merger until their
respective successors are duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation. The board of directors of the surviving corporation will include
individuals who are domiciled in Hawai‘i.

Closing and Effective Time of the Merger

Unless the parties agree otherwise, the closing of the merger will take place no later than the second business day after all
conditions to the completion of the merger have been satisfied or waived, except that if the marketing period has not ended prior to the
time that the closing would otherwise have occurred, then the closing will occur instead on the earliest of (i) any business day during
the marketing period as may be specified by Cincinnati Bell on no less than two business days’ prior written notice to Hawaiian
Telcom, (ii) the second business day following the final day of the marketing period or (iii) such other place, time and date as may be
agreed by Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom. The merger will be effective when the parties file a Certificate of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, unless the parties agree to a later time for the effectiveness of the merger prior to the filing
of such Certificate of Merger and so specify that time in the Certificate of Merger.

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom currently expect to complete the merger in the second half of 2018, subject to receipt of the
Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval and the required regulatory approvals and the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the
merger described in the merger agreement.

Marketing Period

The “marketing period” will be the first period of 15 consecutive business days commencing on the first business day following
September 5, 2017 on which (i) Cincinnati Bell will have the audited financial statements of Hawaiian Telcom for the three most
recently completed fiscal years ended at least 90 days prior to the closing date, unaudited financial statements of Hawaiian Telcom for
each subsequent fiscal quarter ended at least 45 days before the closing date, information regarding Hawaiian Telcom and its
subsidiaries that is reasonably necessary for Cincinnati Bell to prepare pro forma financial statements under and in accordance with
Article 11
 

125



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 136/217

Table of Contents

of Regulation S-X and business and financial information of the type required in a registered offering under the Securities Act, which
information is collectively referred to as the “required financial information”, and (ii) neither of the following circumstances applies:
 

 
(1) Deloitte & Touche LLP has withdrawn its audit opinion with respect to any year end audited financial statements set forth in

the required financial information, or
 

 
(2) any of the financial statements included in the required financial information have been restated or the board of directors of

Hawaiian Telcom has determined that a restatement of any such financial statements included in the required financial
information is required.

Merger Consideration

Upon completion of the merger, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger (other than excepted shares) will be converted into the right to receive, at the holder’s election and subject to
proration as set forth in the merger agreement and described below, (i) 1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of
fractional shares; (ii) 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares;
or (iii) $30.75 in cash, without interest. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who elect to receive the share consideration or the cash
consideration will be subject to proration to ensure that the aggregate number of Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued by
Cincinnati Bell in the merger and the aggregate amount of cash to be paid in the merger will be the same as if all stockholders received
the mixed consideration.

Cincinnati Bell will not issue any fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger. Instead, a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who otherwise would have received a fraction of a Cincinnati Bell common share will receive an amount in cash equal to
such fractional amount multiplied by the closing sale price of Cincinnati Bell common shares on the NYSE on the last trading day prior
to the effective time of the merger.

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, who continuously
hold their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time and who properly demand appraisal of their shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights in
connection with the merger under Section 262. This means that holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who may exercise
appraisal rights and who also have properly exercised, perfected and not lost those appraisal rights are entitled to have their shares
appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest
(subject to certain exceptions) to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware Court of
Chancery, so long as those holders comply exactly with the procedures established by Section 262. For additional information about
appraisal rights, see “Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders—Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 60 of this proxy
statement/prospectus.

If, between July 9, 2017 and the effective time of the merger, the number of outstanding Cincinnati Bell common shares or shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock changes into a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend,
subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination or exchange of shares, or any similar event occurs, then the merger
consideration will be appropriately adjusted to provide to Cincinnati Bell and the holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock the same
economic effect as contemplated by the merger agreement prior to such event.

Based upon the closing sale price of the Cincinnati Bell common shares on the NYSE of $21.50 on October 4, 2017, the last
practicable trading date prior to the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, (i) the value of the share consideration was approximately
$35.06, (ii) the value of the mixed consideration was approximately $32.47 and (iii) the value of the cash consideration was $30.75.
 

126



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 137/217

Table of Contents

Election Materials and Procedures

An election form will separately be mailed to each holder of record of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, which permits the holder
(or, in the case of nominee record holders, the beneficial owner, through proper instructions and documentation) to specify: (i) the
number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a mixed election, (ii) the
number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a cash election and
(iii) the number of shares of such holder’s Hawaiian Telcom common stock with respect to which such holder makes a share election.
Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell have mutually agreed pursuant to the merger agreement that the deadline for submitting a
properly completed and signed election form will be 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the date that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell
agree is as near as practicable to two business days prior to the anticipated closing date of the merger (the “election deadline”).
Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell will cooperate to publicly announce by press release the election deadline at least five business
days prior to the election deadline. While Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell have agreed to establish an election deadline that is a
relatively short period of time before the anticipated closing date of the merger, there can be no assurance that unforeseen
circumstances will not cause the anticipated closing date of the merger to be delayed after the election deadline has been established. If
the anticipated closing date of the merger is delayed to a subsequent date, the election deadline will not be delayed. Cincinnati Bell will
direct the exchange agent to make election forms available as may be reasonably requested by all persons who acquire shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock during the period following the record date for the special meeting and prior to the election deadline.
Any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than dissenting shares) with respect to which the exchange agent has not
received an effective, properly completed election form by the election deadline will be deemed to be “non-election shares”, and the
holders of such non-election shares will be deemed to have made a mixed election with respect to such non-election shares.

An election will be considered to have been made properly only if the exchange agent receives by the election deadline an
election form properly completed and signed and accompanied by, as applicable:
 

 
•  certificates representing shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock to which the election form relates, duly endorsed in

blank or otherwise in form acceptable for transfer on the books of Hawaiian Telcom,
 

 
•  an appropriate customary guarantee of delivery of such certificates, as set forth in such election form, from a firm that is an

“eligible guarantor institution” (as defined in Rule 17Ad-15 under the Exchange Act) (provided such certificates are then
delivered to the exchange agent by the time required in such guarantee of delivery) or

 

 •  in the case of book-entry shares, any additional documents specified in the procedures set forth in the election form.

After an election is properly made with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, any subsequent transfer of such
shares will automatically revoke such election.

Any election form may be revoked or changed by the authorized person properly submitting such election form, by written notice
received by the exchange agent prior to the election deadline. In the event an election form is revoked prior to the election deadline, the
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock represented by such election form will become non-election shares, except to the extent a
subsequent election is properly made with respect to any or all of such shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock prior to the election
deadline. Subject to the terms of the merger agreement and the election form, the exchange agent will have reasonable discretion to
determine whether any election, revocation or change has been properly or timely made and to disregard immaterial defects in the
election forms, and any good faith decisions of the exchange agent (or, in the event that the exchange agent declines to make any such
determination, the joint determination of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom) regarding such matters shall be binding and
conclusive. None of Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom or the exchange agent shall be under any obligation to notify any person of any
defect in an election form. If the merger is not completed, termination of the merger agreement will result in the revocation of all
election forms delivered to the exchange agent prior to such termination.
 

127



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 138/217

Table of Contents

The election form and proxy card are separate documents and should each be completed in their entirety and sent to the
appropriate addressee as directed in the instructions accompanying such materials. In lieu of completing a proxy card, you may also
vote by telephone or over the Internet. For further information, please see the section titled “Special Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom
Stockholders—Voting of Proxies” beginning on page 57.

Proration Procedures

A stockholder’s ability to elect to receive cash or Cincinnati Bell common shares in exchange for shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock in the merger is subject to proration procedures set forth in the merger agreement. These procedures are designed to
ensure that the total amount of cash paid, and the total number of Cincinnati Bell common shares issued, in the merger to the holders of
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, as a whole, will equal the total amount of cash and number of shares that would have been
paid and issued if all shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock were converted into the mixed consideration.

Whether you receive the amount of cash and/or stock you request in your election form will depend in part on the elections of
other Hawaiian Telcom stockholders. If you make a mixed election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you
will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares. If you make a share election or a cash election with respect to any shares
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, you may not receive the exact form of consideration that you elect in respect of such shares. If you
make no election with respect to any shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and do not properly demand appraisal in accordance
with the DGCL, you will receive the mixed consideration in respect of such shares.

The greater the oversubscription of the share election, the fewer shares and more cash a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the
share election will receive. Reciprocally, the greater the oversubscription of the cash election, the less cash and more Cincinnati Bell
common shares a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder making the cash election will receive. However, in no event will a Hawaiian Telcom
stockholder who makes the cash election or the share election receive less cash and more Cincinnati Bell common shares, or fewer
Cincinnati Bell common shares and more cash, respectively, than a stockholder who makes the mixed election.

Please refer to the section titled “The Merger—Proration Procedures” beginning on page 68 for illustrative examples of how the
proration and adjustment procedures will work in the event there is an oversubscription of the cash election or the share election.

No Recommendation Regarding Elections

Neither Hawaiian Telcom nor Cincinnati Bell is making any recommendation as to which merger consideration election a
Hawaiian Telcom stockholder should make. If you are a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder, you must make your own decision with respect
to these elections and may wish to seek the advice of your own attorneys or accountants.

Information About the Merger Consideration Elections

The mix of consideration payable to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who make the share election and/or the cash election will not
be known until the exchange agent tallies the results of the elections made by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders, which will not occur
until after the special meeting.

Payment of the Merger Consideration

Cincinnati Bell will appoint an exchange agent reasonably acceptable to Hawaiian Telcom to handle the consideration elections
made by Hawaiian Telcom stockholders and to make payment of the merger consideration as contemplated by the merger agreement.
At or prior to the effective time of the merger, Cincinnati Bell will cause to be deposited with the exchange agent the funds and shares
sufficient to pay the merger consideration to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders on a timely basis.
 

128



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 139/217

Table of Contents

From and after the effective time of the merger, there will be no further registration or transfers on the stock transfer books of the
surviving corporation of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger. If, after the effective time of the merger, any certificates formerly representing shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (or
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held in book-entry form) are presented to Cincinnati Bell or the exchange agent for any
reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged pursuant to and in accordance with the merger agreement.

As promptly as practicable after the effective time of the merger, and in any event not later than the third business day thereafter,
Cincinnati Bell will cause the exchange agent to mail to each Hawaiian Telcom stockholder (other than Hawaiian Telcom stockholders
that have properly made and not revoked an election) entitled to merger consideration a letter of transmittal and instructions advising
such stockholder how to surrender its shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in exchange for the merger consideration. Each holder
of Hawaiian Telcom common stock shall be entitled to receive the merger consideration upon (i) in the case of shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock represented by a certificate, the surrender of such certificate for cancelation to the exchange agent or (ii) in the
case of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock held in book-entry form, the receipt of an “agent’s message” by the exchange agent,
in each case, together with the associated letter of transmittal, duly, completely and validly executed in accordance with the instructions
thereto, and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the exchange agent. Interest will not be paid or accrue in respect
of any of the merger consideration, and the amount of any merger consideration paid to stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom may be
reduced by the amount of applicable withholding taxes. EXCEPT IN CONNECTION WITH MAKING AN ELECTION IN
ACCORDANCE WITH THE INSTRUCTIONS SET FORTH IN THE ELECTION FORM AS DESCRIBED UNDER THE
SECTION TITLED “—ELECTION MATERIALS AND PROCEDURES”, HOLDERS OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON
STOCK SHOULD NOT FORWARD THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES TO THE EXCHANGE AGENT WITHOUT A LETTER OF
TRANSMITTAL, AND SHOULD NOT RETURN THEIR STOCK CERTIFICATES WITH THE ENCLOSED PROXY.

The transmittal instructions will tell holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock what to do if they have lost a certificate, or if a
certificate has been stolen or destroyed. A holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock will have to provide an affidavit to that fact and,
if required by Cincinnati Bell, post a bond in such reasonable and customary amount as Cincinnati Bell directs as indemnity against
any claim that may be made against it with respect to such certificate, upon which the exchange agent shall issue the merger
consideration to be paid in respect of the shares represented by such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate.

Treatment of Hawaiian Telcom Equity Awards

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding rollover RSU will be converted into a time-based restricted stock unit of
Cincinnati Bell, with respect to a number of Cincinnati Bell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) determined by
multiplying the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to such rollover RSU by the ratio based upon the value of
the mixed consideration described below, subject to substantially the same terms and conditions as were applicable to such rollover
RSU immediately prior to the completion of the merger, with any applicable performance criteria deemed satisfied at target levels. The
applicable ratio for converting such RSU is the sum of (i) the share portion of the mixed consideration plus (ii) the quotient of (A) the
cash portion of the mixed consideration and (B) the closing price of one Cincinnati Bell common share on the last trading date
preceding the closing date as reported on the NYSE.

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding cash-out RSU will be canceled and converted into the right to receive in
respect of each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to each cash-out RSU (i) the merger consideration (as determined by
the holder’s election or non-election, as applicable) and (ii) a cash payment equal to any accrued dividend equivalents in respect of
each such restricted stock unit. Holders of cash-out RSUs will be entitled to choose the share consideration, mixed consideration or
cash consideration with respect to each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to their cash-out RSUs. Each share of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock subject to a cash-out RSU with respect to which no election is made will receive the
 

129



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 140/217

Table of Contents

mixed consideration. Any applicable performance criteria will be based upon actual performance as of immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors in consultation with Cincinnati Bell
in respect of any performance period that has not concluded prior to the effective time of the merger.

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains generally reciprocal representations and warranties, many of which are qualified by materiality or
Material Adverse Effect.

“Material Adverse Effect” is defined in the merger agreement to mean any state of facts, change, effect, condition, development,
event or occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate (i) materially and adversely affects the business, properties, financial
condition or results of operations of such person and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any such state of facts, change, effect,
condition, development, event or occurrence to the extent arising out of or in connection with: (A) any change generally affecting the
economic, financial, regulatory or political conditions in the United States or elsewhere in the world; (B) the outbreak or escalation of
hostilities or any acts of war, sabotage or terrorism, or any earthquake, hurricane, tornado, tsunami or other natural disaster; (C) any
change that is generally applicable to the industries or markets in which such person and its subsidiaries operate; (D) any change in
applicable laws or applicable accounting regulations or principles or authoritative interpretations thereof; (E) any failure, in and of
itself, to meet projections, forecasts, estimates or predictions in respect of revenues, EBITDA, free cash flow, earnings or other
financial or operating metrics for any period (provided that the underlying facts or occurrences giving rise to or contributing to such
failure shall be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Material Adverse Effect (except to the extent such
underlying facts or occurrences are excluded from being taken into account by clauses (A) through (G) of this definition)); (F) any
termination of, reduction in or similar negative impact on relationships, contractual or otherwise, with customers, suppliers,
distributors, partners or employees of such person and its subsidiaries due to the announcement and performance of the merger
agreement or the identity of the parties to the merger agreement; or (G) any action taken by such person or its subsidiaries that is
expressly required by the merger agreement to be taken by such person or its subsidiaries, or that, in the case of Hawaiian Telcom and
its subsidiaries, is taken or not taken with the prior express written consent or at the express written direction of Cincinnati Bell or that,
in the case of Cincinnati Bell and its subsidiaries, is taken or not taken with the prior express written consent or at the express written
direction of Hawaiian Telcom; provided that any state of facts, change, effect, condition, development, event or occurrence referred to
in clause (A) or clause (D) may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, or would reasonably be expected to be, a
Material Adverse Effect to the extent such effect, change, event or occurrence has a disproportionate adverse effect on such person and
its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other participants in the industry in which such person and its subsidiaries operate (in
which case the incremental disproportionate impact or impacts may be taken into account in determining whether there has been, or
would reasonably be expected to be, a Material Adverse Effect); (ii) impairs in any material respect the ability of such person to
complete the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; or (iii) prevents or materially impedes, interferes with, hinders or
delays the completion of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

The representations and warranties relate to, among other topics, the following:
 

 •  organization, standing and corporate power;
 

 •  ownership of subsidiaries;
 

 •  capital structure;
 

 
•  authority relative to the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, and the execution, delivery and enforceability of

the merger agreement;
 

 
•  absence of conflicts with, or violations of, organizational documents and other agreements or obligations; and required

consents;
 

130



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 141/217

Table of Contents

 •  SEC documents and financial statements;
 

 •  internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures;
 

 •  absence of undisclosed liabilities and off-balance-sheet arrangements;
 

 •  accuracy of information supplied or to be supplied for use in this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  absence of certain changes and events from the end of the most recently completed fiscal year of a party to the date of

execution of the merger agreement;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  benefits matters and Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 compliance;
 

 •  absence of certain litigation;
 

 •  compliance with applicable laws and permits;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  material contracts;
 

 •  owned and leased real property;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  collective bargaining agreements and other labor matters;
 

 •  broker’s fees payable in connection with the merger;
 

 •  communications regulatory matters;
 

 •  in the case of Hawaiian Telcom, the opinion from its financial advisor; and
 

 •  in the case of Cincinnati Bell, availability of financing for the transaction.

The merger agreement also contains certain representations and warranties of Cincinnati Bell with respect to its direct wholly
owned subsidiary, Merger Sub, including its lack of prior business activities.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

Each of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom has undertaken certain covenants in the merger agreement restricting the conduct
of their respective businesses between the date of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger. In general, each of
Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom has agreed to conduct its business in the ordinary course in all material respects and use
commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organization and advantageous business relationships. In addition, each
of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom has agreed to various specific restrictions relating to the conduct of its business between the
date of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger.

Hawaiian Telcom has agreed that, unless Cincinnati Bell consents in writing (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) or as otherwise permitted or contemplated by the merger agreement or required by applicable law, it will not,
and will cause its subsidiaries not to, do the following (subject in each case to exceptions previously disclosed in writing to the other
party as provided in the merger agreement):
 

 •  amend its charter, bylaws or equivalent organizational documents;
 

 •  declare or pay dividends or other distributions;
 

 
•  split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue of any other securities in substitution for shares of its

capital stock;
 

131



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 142/217

Table of Contents

 •  repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire its own capital stock;
 

 •  issue or sell shares of capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests;
 

 •  make changes in or enter into new employee benefit plans or increase compensation and benefits paid to employees;
 

 
•  make any material change in financial accounting methods, except as required by (i) a change in Generally Accepted

Accounting Principles (“GAAP”) or any applicable law or (ii) a governmental entity or quasi-governmental authority;
 

 •  take certain material actions with respect to taxes;
 

 
•  make any acquisition of, or investment in, any properties, assets, securities or business if the aggregate amount of

consideration paid by Hawaiian Telcom or its subsidiaries in connection with all such transactions would exceed $5 million;
 

 •  sell or lease any of its material properties or assets;
 

 •  incur indebtedness outside of the ordinary course of business;
 

 •  make capital expenditures in excess of $105,000,000 annually;
 

 
•  enter into or amend any contract to the extent that completion of the merger or compliance with the merger agreement would

cause a default, create an obligation or lien, or cause a loss of a benefit under such contract;
 

 •  grant any liens on any material asset;
 

 •  sell, transfer, license, abandon, permit to lapse or otherwise dispose of any material intellectual property;
 

 •  settle any pending or threatened suit, action, investigation or other proceeding;
 

 •  cancel any material indebtedness or waive any material claims of value;
 

 •  enter into, modify or terminate collective bargaining agreements;
 

 
•  assign, transfer, lease, cancel, fail to renew or fail to extend any material license issued by the FCC or any state regulator or

discontinue any operations that require prior regulatory approval for such discontinuance;
 

 •  authorize, adopt or implement a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution of Hawaiian Telcom; or
 

 •  authorize or commit to, or participate in, any discussions with any other person regarding the foregoing actions.

Cincinnati Bell has agreed that, unless Hawaiian Telcom consents in writing (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed) or as otherwise permitted or contemplated by the merger agreement or required by applicable law, it will not,
and will cause its subsidiaries not to, do the following (subject in each case to exceptions previously disclosed in writing to the other
party as provided in the merger agreement):
 

 •  amend its charter, bylaws or equivalent organizational documents;
 

 
•  declare or pay dividends or other distributions, other than regular quarterly cash dividends payable by Cincinnati Bell to

holders of its 6 3/4% cumulative convertible preferred shares;
 

 
•  split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any of its capital stock or issue of any other securities in substitution for shares of its

capital stock;
 

 •  repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire its own capital stock;
 

132



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 143/217

Table of Contents

 •  issue or sell shares of capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests;
 

 
•  make any material change in financial accounting methods, except as required by (i) a change in GAAP or any applicable

law or (ii) a governmental entity or quasi-governmental authority;
 

 
•  make any acquisition of, or investment in, any properties, assets, securities or business, which would reasonably be expected

to prevent or materially impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the completion of the merger;
 

 
•  enter into, or amend, any contract, which such contract or amendment would reasonably be expected to prevent or materially

impede, interfere with, hinder or delay the completion of the merger;
 

 •  authorize, adopt or implement a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution of Cincinnati Bell; or
 

 
•  assign, transfer, lease, cancel, fail to renew or fail to extend any material license issued by the FCC or any state regulator or

discontinue any operations that require prior regulatory approval for such discontinuance; or
 

 •  authorize or commit to, or participate in, any discussions with any other person regarding the foregoing actions.

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have agreed to each use reasonable best efforts to:
 

 
•  take all actions, and do, or cause to be done, and to assist and cooperate with the other party in doing, all things necessary,

proper or advisable to complete and make effective the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement as promptly as
practicable;

 

 
•  as promptly as practicable, obtain from any governmental entity or any other third party any consents, licenses, permits,

waivers, approvals, authorizations or orders required to be obtained or made;
 

 
•  defend any lawsuits or other legal proceedings, whether judicial or administrative, challenging the merger agreement or the

completion of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including seeking to have any stay or temporary
restraining order entered by any court or other governmental entity vacated or reversed;

 

 
•  as promptly as practicable, make all necessary filings, and thereafter make any other required submissions, with respect to

the merger agreement and the merger required under: (a) the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, and any other applicable
federal or state securities laws; and (b) any other applicable law; and

 

 
•  execute or deliver any additional instruments necessary to complete the transactions contemplated by, and to fully carry out

the purposes of, the merger agreement.

Additionally, Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom have agreed to cooperate and to use their respective reasonable best efforts to:
 

 

•  to the extent required in connection with the merger, obtain any consents, approvals, clearances, waivers or authorizations
from, or make an registrations, declarations, notices or filings with: (i) the FCC, (ii) any relevant state public service or state
public utility commissions (“state regulators”) and (iii) any relevant governments of counties, municipalities and other
subdivisions of a United States state (“localities”) in connection with the provision of telecommunication and media
services;

 

 
•  as promptly as practicable file all applications required to be filed with the FCC, state regulators and localities to obtain the

aforementioned federal, state and local consents;
 

 
•  respond as promptly as practicable to any requests of the FCC, any state regulator or locality for information relating to

applications that are required to be filed;
 

133



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 144/217

Table of Contents

 
•  cure, not later than the effective time of the merger, any material violations or defaults under any FCC rules or the rules of

any state regulator or locality;
 

 
•  obtain any consents of any governmental entity, and to make any registrations, declarations, notices or filings, if any,

necessary for the merger under any antitrust law;
 

 •  respond to any requests of any governmental entity for information under any antitrust law;
 

 •  secure the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under any antitrust law;
 

 
•  resolve any objections asserted with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement raised by any

governmental entity under any antitrust law;
 

 •  contest and resist any action, including any legislative, administrative or judicial action under any antitrust law; and
 

 
•  prevent the entry of any court order and have vacated, lifted, reversed or overturned any judgment (whether temporary,

preliminary or permanent) that restricts, prevents or prohibits the completion of the merger or any other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement under any antitrust law.

For purposes of obtaining the aforementioned regulatory consents and approvals, the “reasonable best efforts” of Hawaiian
Telcom and Cincinnati Bell shall include taking any and all actions necessary to obtain the consents of any governmental entity
required to complete the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement prior to the end date; provided that
nothing in the merger agreement shall permit Hawaiian Telcom or its subsidiaries (without the prior written consent of Cincinnati Bell)
or require Cincinnati Bell or its subsidiaries to take or refrain from taking, or agree to take or refrain from taking, any action or actions
that, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect on either Hawaiian Telcom or
Cincinnati Bell.

No Solicitation of Alternative Proposals by Hawaiian Telcom

Hawaiian Telcom has agreed that, from the time of the execution of the merger agreement until the completion of the merger, it
shall not, nor shall it authorize or permit any of its affiliates or any of its or their respective directors, officers or employees or any of its
or their respective investment bankers, accountants, attorneys or other advisors, agents or representatives to, (a) directly or indirectly
solicit, initiate or knowingly encourage, induce or facilitate any takeover proposal or any inquiry or proposal that may reasonably be
expected to lead to a takeover proposal or (b) directly or indirectly participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person
regarding, or furnish to any person any information with respect to, or cooperate in any way with any person with respect to, any
takeover proposal or any inquiry or proposal that may reasonably be expected to lead to a takeover proposal. A “takeover proposal”
means any proposal or offer (whether or not in writing), with respect to any: (i) merger, consolidation, share exchange, other business
combination or similar transaction involving Hawaiian Telcom; (ii) sale, lease, contribution or other disposition, directly or indirectly
(including by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange, other business combination, partnership, joint venture, sale of capital
stock or voting securities of or other equity interests in a subsidiary or otherwise) of any business or assets representing 15% or more of
the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of Hawaiian Telcom and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (iii) issuance, sale or other
disposition, directly or indirectly, to any person or group of securities representing 15% or more of the total outstanding voting power
of Hawaiian Telcom; (iv) transaction in which any person shall acquire, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership, or the right to
acquire beneficial ownership, or formation of any group which beneficially owns or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of,
15% or more of Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock; or (v) any combination of the foregoing.

If at any time prior to obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, Hawaiian Telcom receives an oral or written
takeover proposal, which takeover proposal did not result from any breach of the terms of the merger agreement, (i) Hawaiian Telcom
may contact such person making the takeover proposal to request that
 

134



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 145/217

Table of Contents

any takeover proposal made orally be made in writing and (ii) in response to a written takeover proposal that Hawaiian Telcom’s board
of directors determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation) constitutes or is reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal, Hawaiian Telcom may, subject to compliance with the
merger agreement, (a) furnish information (including non-public information and data) with respect to itself and its subsidiaries to the
person making such takeover proposal and (b) participate in discussions regarding the terms of such takeover proposal and the
negotiation of such terms with, and only with, the person making such takeover proposal. A “superior proposal” means any bona fide
written offer made by a third party or group pursuant to which such third party (or, in a merger, consolidation or statutory share
exchange involving such third party, the stockholders of such third party) or group would acquire, directly or indirectly, more than 50%
of Hawaiian Telcom’s common stock or substantially all of the assets of Hawaiian Telcom and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, which
Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation) is: (i) on terms more favorable from a financial point of view to the holders of common stock of
Hawaiian Telcom than the merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such proposal (including the legal, financial,
regulatory, timing and other aspects of the proposal and the identity of the person making the proposal) and the merger agreement
(including any changes proposed by Cincinnati Bell to the terms of the merger agreement); and (ii) reasonably likely to be completed
on the terms proposed, taking into account all legal, financial, regulatory and other aspects of such proposal, and is fully financed or for
which financing (if required) is fully committed or, in the good faith determination of Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors,
reasonably likely to be obtained.

The merger agreement requires that Hawaiian Telcom promptly, and in any event, within 48 hours of knowledge of receipt of
such offer by an officer or director of Hawaiian Telcom, advise Cincinnati Bell orally and in writing of the receipt of any takeover
proposals or any inquiry or proposal that may be reasonably expected to lead to a takeover proposal, the material terms and conditions
of any such takeover proposal or inquiry or proposal and the identity of the person making such takeover proposal or inquiry or
proposal.

The merger agreement also requires Hawaiian Telcom to cease and cause to be terminated all solicitation, discussions or
negotiations with any person conducted prior to execution of the merger agreement with respect to any takeover proposal, or any
inquiry or proposal that may reasonably be expected to lead to a takeover proposal, request the prompt return or destruction of all
confidential information previously furnished in connection therewith and immediately terminate all physical and electronic dataroom
access previously granted to any such person.

No Change in Board Recommendation by the Board of Directors of Hawaiian Telcom

The board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom has agreed that it will not: (a) withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to
Cincinnati Bell, or propose publicly to withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to Cincinnati Bell, the approval, recommendation or
declaration of advisability by the board with respect to the merger agreement or the merger; (b) adopt, recommend or declare advisable,
or propose publicly to adopt, recommend or declare advisable any takeover proposal; or (c) adopt, recommend or declare advisable, or
propose publicly to adopt, recommend or declare advisable, or allow Hawaiian Telcom to execute or enter into, any letter of intent,
memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture
agreement, alliance agreement, partnership agreement or other similar agreement or arrangement (an “acquisition agreement”)
constituting or related to any takeover proposal.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time prior to obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders Approval, the board of directors
of Hawaiian Telcom may withdraw or modify its recommendation or recommend an alternative takeover proposal if it receives a
superior proposal or the Hawaiian Telcom board determines in good faith (after consultation with outside counsel and a financial
advisor of nationally recognized reputation) that the failure to do so would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary
duties under applicable law. Prior to taking any such action, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors must inform Cincinnati Bell of its
 

135



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 146/217

Table of Contents

decision to change its recommendation and specify the reasons therefor in writing and give Cincinnati Bell three business days to
respond to such decision, including by proposing changes to the merger agreement.

If the board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom withdraws or modifies its recommendation, or recommends any alternative takeover
proposal, Hawaiian Telcom will nonetheless continue to be obligated to call, give notice of, convene and hold its stockholders meeting
and submit the proposals described in this proxy statement/prospectus to its stockholders.

Efforts to Obtain Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval

Hawaiian Telcom has agreed to hold its special meeting and to use its commercially reasonable efforts to obtain the Hawaiian
Telcom Stockholder Approval. The merger agreement requires Hawaiian Telcom to submit the merger to a stockholder vote even if its
board of directors no longer recommends the merger. The board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom has declared the merger advisable and
adopted resolutions directing that the merger be submitted to the Hawaiian Telcom stockholders for their consideration.

Financing

On July 9, 2017, in connection with entering into the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell entered into a commitment letter with
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., which was amended and restated on July 24, 2017 (as amended and restated, the “commitment
letter”) to, among other things, join PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets
Inc. and Citizens Bank, N.A. with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. as initial lenders (collectively, the “commitment parties”).
Under the commitment letter, the commitment parties agreed to provide $1.13 billion in credit facilities, consisting of a $180 million
senior secured revolving credit facility and $950 million in senior secured term loan facilities, in each case subject to the terms and
conditions of the commitment letter. See the section titled “Financing of the Merger and Indebtedness Following the Merger”
beginning on page 142 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The merger agreement provides that, subject to the terms and conditions thereof, Cincinnati Bell will use its commercially
reasonable efforts to obtain the debt financing on the terms and conditions contained in the commitment letter. Furthermore, Cincinnati
Bell will use its commercially reasonable efforts to:
 

 
•  comply with its obligations under, and maintain in effect, the commitment letter and negotiate and enter into definitive

agreements on a timely basis on the terms and conditions contained in the commitment letter or otherwise not materially less
favorable with respect to conditionality in the aggregate than those contained in the commitment letter;

 

 
•  satisfy on a timely basis all conditions contained in the commitment letter applicable to Cincinnati Bell and within its

control; and
 

 
•  subject to the satisfaction of all conditions contained in the commitment letter, cause the commitment parties to consummate

the debt financing at or prior to the closing date.

The merger agreement provides that if all or any portion of the debt financing contemplated by the commitment letter or the
related definitive agreements becomes unavailable, Cincinnati Bell will use its reasonable best efforts to promptly obtain a new
financing commitment letter providing alternative debt financing in an amount that is sufficient, when combined with any available
debt financing under the commitment letter and available cash on hand and other readily available liquidity, to finance its payments to
be made in connection with the merger.

Prior to the effective time of the merger, Hawaiian Telcom has agreed to use its commercially reasonable efforts to provide all
cooperation reasonably requested by Cincinnati Bell, as more fully set forth in the merger agreement, in connection with the
obtainment, arrangement and syndication of the debt financing.
 

136



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 147/217

Table of Contents

Except in limited circumstances, Cincinnati Bell may not, without the prior written consent of Hawaiian Telcom, amend, modify,
supplement or waive any provision contained in the commitment letter or any definitive agreement relating to the debt financing to the
extent such amendment, modification, supplement or waiver would reasonably be expected to adversely affect the ability of Cincinnati
Bell to timely complete the merger and other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or delay the closing or contains
conditions or other terms that would reasonably be expected to affect the availability of the debt financing that are more onerous, taken
as a whole, than those conditions and terms contained in the commitment letter.

Indemnification and Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

Cincinnati Bell has also agreed to assume all rights to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation from liabilities
for acts or omissions occurring at or prior to the effective time of the merger now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of Hawaiian Telcom upon the effective time of the merger. At or prior to the effective time of the merger, Hawaiian Telcom
will purchase a “tail” directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policy for Hawaiian Telcom and its current and former directors,
officers and employees who are currently covered by the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained by
Hawaiian Telcom, which Cincinnati Bell has agreed to not amend, modify, cancel or revoke after the effective time of the merger.

Certain Additional Covenants

The merger agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements, including covenants relating to:
 

 •  cooperation between Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom in the preparation of this proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  confidentiality and access by each party to certain information about the other party during the period prior to the effective

time of the merger;
 

 
•  cooperation between Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom in the defense or settlement of any shareholder litigation relating

to the merger;
 

 •  cooperation between Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom in connection with public announcements;
 

 
•  the use of commercially reasonable efforts by Cincinnati Bell to cause the Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued as

merger consideration to be approved for listing on the NYSE;
 

 •  voting any Hawaiian Telcom common stock owned by Cincinnati Bell in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  the use of commercially reasonable efforts by Cincinnati Bell to obtain debt financing on the terms and conditions set forth

in the commitment letter and the use of commercially reasonable efforts by Hawaiian Telcom to cooperate with Cincinnati
Bell in connection with any such debt financing.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

The respective obligations of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following conditions:
 

 •  the receipt of the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval;
 

 
•  the approval of the Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued as merger consideration for listing on the NYSE, subject to

official notice of issuance;
 

 •  the termination or expiration of any waiting period applicable to the merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act;
 

137



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 148/217

Table of Contents

 
•  certain agreed-upon FCC consents, state regulatory consents and the local consents required in connection with the merger

have been obtained, shall not be subject to agency reconsideration or judicial review, and the time for any person to petition
for agency reconsideration or judicial review shall have expired;

 

 

•  the absence of any applicable law or judgment, whether preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal restraint or
binding order or determination by any governmental entity that prevents, restrains, enjoins, makes illegal or otherwise
prohibits the completion of the merger or imposes on either party as a condition to completion of the merger, an obligation to
take, or refrain from taking, any action or actions that, individually or in the aggregate, would be reasonably likely to have a
Material Adverse Effect on either Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell; and

 
 •  the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this proxy statement/prospectus forms a part under the Securities Act.

In addition, each of Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s obligations to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or
waiver of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  the representations and warranties of the other party being true and correct, subject to an overall Material Adverse Effect

qualification (except that the representations and warranties of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell related to capital
structure are not subject to such qualification);

 

 
•  the other party having performed or complied with, in all material respects, all material obligations required to be performed

or complied with by it under the merger agreement; and
 

 
•  the absence, since the date of the merger agreement, of any event or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has

had or would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect on the other party.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, whether before or after receipt of
the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, under the following circumstances:
 

 •  by mutual written consent of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom;
 

 •  by either Cincinnati Bell or Hawaiian Telcom:
 

 
•  if the merger is not completed by October 9, 2018, except that, if on October 9, 2018 the conditions to closing related

to antitrust clearance or other regulatory approval have not been satisfied or waived, but all other conditions to
closing have been satisfied or waived, then such date will be automatically extended to January 9, 2019.

 

 
•  if the condition set forth in the fifth bullet point under “—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” above is not

satisfied and the legal restraint giving rise to such non-satisfaction shall have become final and non-appealable; or
 

 
•  if the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval is not obtained at the special meeting (unless the special meeting has

been adjourned, in which case at the final adjournment thereof);
 

 

•  by Hawaiian Telcom, if Cincinnati Bell or Merger Sub shall have breached any of its representations or warranties or failed
to perform any of its covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach or failure (i) would give rise
to the failure of a condition set forth in the portions of the agreement detailing the conditions to obligations of Hawaiian
Telcom relating to representations and warranties and the performance of obligations of Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub and
(ii) is incapable of being cured or, if capable of being cured by the end date, Cincinnati Bell and Merger Sub (x) shall not
have commenced good faith efforts to cure such breach or failure to perform within 30 calendar

 
138



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 149/217

Table of Contents

 

days following receipt by Cincinnati Bell or Merger Sub of written notice of such breach or failure to perform from
Hawaiian Telcom stating Hawaiian Telcom’s intention to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to the merger agreement
and the basis for such termination or (y) are not thereafter continuing to take good faith efforts to cure such breach or failure
to perform; provided that Hawaiian Telcom shall not have the right to terminate the merger agreement hereunder if Hawaiian
Telcom is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements under the merger
agreement;

 

 

•  by Cincinnati Bell, if Hawaiian Telcom shall have breached any of its representations or warranties or failed to perform any
of its covenants or agreements contained in the merger agreement, which breach or failure (i) would give rise to the failure
of a condition set forth in the portions of the agreement detailing the conditions to obligations of Hawaiian Telcom relating
to representations and warranties and the performance of obligations of Hawaiian Telcom and (ii) is incapable of being cured
or, if capable of being cured by the end date, Hawaiian Telcom (x) shall not have commenced good faith efforts to cure such
breach or failure to perform within 30 calendar days following receipt by Hawaiian Telcom of written notice of such breach
or failure to perform from Cincinnati Bell stating Cincinnati Bell’s intention to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the
merger agreement and the basis for such termination or (y) is not thereafter continuing to take good faith efforts to cure such
breach or failure to perform; provided that Cincinnati Bell shall not have the right to terminate the merger agreement if
Cincinnati Bell or Merger Sub is then in material breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or agreements
under the merger agreement; or

 

 

•  by Cincinnati Bell, if prior to obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, the board of directors of Hawaiian
Telcom withdraws or modifies in any adverse manner, or proposes publicly to withdraw or modify in any adverse manner,
its approval or recommendation with respect to the merger, or approves or recommends, or proposes publicly to approve or
recommend, any alternative takeover proposal with a third party.

Expenses and Termination Fees; Liability for Breach

With the exception of the termination fee of $11.94 million to be paid by Hawaiian Telcom to Cincinnati Bell under certain
circumstances, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement will be paid by the party incurring such fees and expenses, whether or not such transactions are completed. For a description
of certain fees and expenses incurred by the parties in connection with this proxy statement/prospectus, see the section titled “Special
Meeting of Hawaiian Telcom Stockholders—Solicitation of Proxies” beginning on page 59.

Hawaiian Telcom shall pay to Cincinnati Bell a termination fee of $11.94 million if:
 

 

•  Cincinnati Bell terminates the merger agreement because prior to obtaining the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval, the
board of directors of Hawaiian Telcom withdraws or modifies in any adverse manner, or proposes publicly to withdraw or
modify in any adverse manner, its approval or recommendation with respect to the merger or proposes publicly to approve or
recommend any alternative proposal with a third party; or

 

 

•  the merger agreement is terminated by Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell because the merger has not been completed by
the end date (but only if the Hawaiian Telcom special meeting has not been held by the end date) or the Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders did not approve the merger agreement proposal at the special meeting; provided that in either case (A) a
takeover proposal relating to Hawaiian Telcom was publicly made, proposed or communicated by a third party after the date
of the merger agreement and (x) before the merger agreement is terminated in the case of a termination for failing to
complete by the end date or (y) before the completion of the special meeting (including any adjournment or postponement
thereof) in the case of a termination for a failure to obtain the Hawaiian Telcom Stockholder Approval and (B) within 12
months of the date the merger agreement is terminated,

 
139



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 150/217

Table of Contents

 
Hawaiian Telcom enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a takeover proposal or a takeover proposal is completed
(regardless of whether the takeover proposal was the same takeover proposal referred to in clause (A)).

In the event the merger agreement is terminated and the termination fee is paid to Cincinnati Bell in circumstances for which such
fee is payable pursuant to the merger agreement, payment of the termination fee will be the sole and exclusive monetary damages
remedy of Cincinnati Bell, Merger Sub and their respective subsidiaries and any of their respective former, current or future officers,
directors, partners, shareholders, managers, members or affiliates against Hawaiian Telcom and its subsidiaries and any of their
respective former, current or future officers, directors, partners, shareholders, managers, members or affiliates for any loss suffered as a
result of the failure of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement to be completed or for a breach or
failure to perform hereunder or otherwise (so long as, in the event that this merger agreement was terminated by Hawaiian Telcom,
such termination was in accordance with the applicable provisions of the merger agreement). Upon payment of the termination fee in
such circumstances, none of Hawaiian Telcom and its related parties will have any further monetary liability or obligation relating to or
arising out of the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.

Employee Benefits Matters

For a period of one year following the effective time of the merger, each employee of Hawaiian Telcom who remains employed
after the effective time of the merger (each, a “continuing employee”) will receive (x) base salary or wages (as applicable), target
annual incentive opportunities and, solely with respect to the value thereof, long-term incentive opportunities that are no less favorable
in the aggregate than those provided to such continuing employee immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and (y) other
employee benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the benefits provided to such continuing employee immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger (excluding, for purposes of determining such comparability, any retention bonus, defined
benefit pension or retiree or post-employment welfare benefits, except to the extent required by applicable law).

Cincinnati Bell will use commercially reasonable efforts to take into account for purposes of vesting and eligibility (and for
purposes of benefit accrual under each vacation and other paid time off plan or program) the continuing employees’ service prior to the
effective time of the merger with Hawaiian Telcom (including any Hawaiian Telcom predecessors) to the same extent that such service
was recognized under the comparable Hawaiian Telcom benefit plan (other than to the extent it would result in any duplication of
benefits).

In addition, Cincinnati Bell will use commercially reasonable efforts to (i) waive, or cause the waiver of, all limitations as to
preexisting conditions, exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation and coverage requirements (other than limitations
or waiting periods that are already in effect prior to the effective time of the merger with respect to each continuing employee under the
comparable Hawaiian Telcom benefit plan and that have not been satisfied as of the effective time of the merger) and (ii) provide each
continuing employee and his or her covered dependents with credit for any co-payments and deductibles paid during the plan year of
and prior to any change in coverage from a Hawaiian Telcom benefit plan to a Cincinnati Bell benefit plan in satisfying any applicable
deductible or out-of-pocket requirements thereunder.

Withholding Taxes

Cincinnati Bell and the exchange agent will be entitled to deduct and withhold from consideration payable to any Hawaiian
Telcom stockholder the amounts that may be required to be withheld under any applicable tax law. Amounts withheld and paid over to
the applicable governmental entity will be treated for all purposes of the merger as having been paid to the stockholders from whom
such amounts were withheld.
 

140



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 151/217

Table of Contents

Amendments, Extensions and Waivers

The merger agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after the receipt of the approval from Hawaiian
Telcom stockholders required to complete the merger; provided, however, that: (a) after the receipt of the Hawaiian Telcom
Stockholder Approval there may not be any amendment of the merger agreement for which applicable law requires further stockholder
approval without the further approval of such stockholders; (b) after the completion of the merger, the merger agreement cannot be
amended and (c) except as provided in clause (a), no amendment shall require the approval of the shareholders of Cincinnati Bell or
stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom; provided, further, that certain provisions of the merger agreement may not be amended without the
prior written consent of the commitment parties.

At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, with certain exceptions, the parties may: (a) extend the time for the
performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties
contained in the merger agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement, (c) waive compliance with any
covenants and agreements contained in the merger agreement or (d) waive the satisfaction of any of the conditions contained in the
merger agreement.

Governing Law

The merger agreement will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware applicable to
contracts executed in and to be performed entirely within that State, regardless of the laws that might otherwise govern under any
applicable conflict of laws principles; provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, all matters related to the financing shall be
governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law
provision or rule whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdiction that would cause the application of law of any jurisdiction
other than the State of New York.

Specific Enforcement

The parties agreed that irreparable damage for which monetary relief, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy, would
occur in the event that any provision of the merger agreement was not performed in accordance with its specific terms or is otherwise
breached, including if the parties hereto fail to take any action required of them to complete this merger agreement, the merger and the
other transactions contemplated hereby. Subject to certain limitations, the parties acknowledged and agreed that the parties shall be
entitled to an injunction or injunctions, specific performance or other equitable relief to prevent breaches of the merger agreement and
that the right of specific enforcement is an integral part of the merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby and without that
right neither of the parties would have entered into the merger agreement. The parties agreed not to assert that specific enforcement is
unenforceable, otherwise contrary to law or make certain arguments about the application of monetary damages.
 

141



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 152/217

Table of Contents

FINANCING OF THE MERGER AND INDEBTEDNESS FOLLOWING THE MERGER

Cincinnati Bell plans to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration from a combination of cash on hand and debt financing,
which may include some combination of a senior secured revolving credit facility, senior secured term loan facilities and senior
unsecured notes, as described below.

Senior Credit Facilities

On July 9, 2017, in connection with entering into the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell entered into a commitment letter with
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., referred to here as MSSF, which was amended and restated on July 24, 2017 (as amended and
restated, the “commitment letter”), to, among other things, join PNC Bank, National Association, Regions Bank, Barclays Bank PLC,
Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Citizens Bank, N.A. with MSSF as initial lenders (collectively, the “commitment parties”). The
commitment parties agreed to provide $1.13 billion in credit facilities, consisting of a $180 million senior secured revolving credit
facility (including both a letter of credit subfacility of up to $30 million and a swingline loan subfacility of up to $25 million) and $950
million in senior secured term loan facilities for the purposes of (a) refinancing Cincinnati Bell’s existing credit facilities, refinancing
existing indebtedness of Hawaiian Telcom, funding in part the cash portion of the merger consideration and paying costs and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger and related transactions, (b) funding the purchase price for the OnX acquisition and paying
costs and expenses incurred in connection therewith and (c) funding working capital and other general corporate purposes.

On October 2, 2017, Cincinnati Bell entered into a new credit agreement, consisting of a five-year $200 million senior secured
revolving credit facility (the “revolving credit facility”) (representing a $20 million increase to the commitments available under the
commitment letter) and a seven-year $600 million senior secured term loan facility (the “term loan facility”, and together with any
incremental term loan facility established under the new credit agreement, the “term loan facilities”). The revolving credit facility was
undrawn at the closing thereof. Amounts borrowed and repaid under the revolving credit facility may be reborrowed until maturity and
the revolving credit facility may be prepaid without penalty. The term loan facility must be drawn in a single drawing on the closing
date of such term loan facility. Amounts repaid under the term loan facilities may not be reborrowed and any prepayment within the
first 180 days after the earliest of (i) the closing of the merger, (ii) the final closing date of the term loan facilities and the funding of a
portion of the proceeds of the term loan facilities into escrow to fund in part the cash portion of the merger consideration, (iii) the
issuance of the senior unsecured notes by CB Escrow Corp. to fund in part the cash portion of the merger consideration (or the funding
of the proceeds into escrow) and (iv) the termination of the merger agreement shall be subject to a prepayment premium of 1.00%. The
term loan facilities mature seven years after the initial closing date thereof, and the revolving credit facility matures five years after the
closing date thereof; provided that, if more than $50 million in aggregate principal amount of Cincinnati Bell’s 7.00% senior notes due
2024 (or any permitted refinancing thereof that does not extend the maturity date of the 7.00% senior notes due 2024 past the seventh
anniversary of the closing date of the term loan facilities) remains outstanding on April 15, 2024, the term loan facilities will mature on
April 15, 2024. The term loan facilities will amortize, beginning with the first full fiscal quarter to occur after the final closing date
thereof, in equal quarterly installments in an amount equal to 1.00% per annum of the aggregate principal amount of the term loan
facilities outstanding on such final closing date, with the balance due at maturity.

The revolving credit facility (other than swingline borrowings) and term loan facilities bear interest at a rate per annum equal to,
at Cincinnati Bell’s election:
 

 
•  LIBOR (calculated on a 360-day basis and defined in a manner customary for financings of this type) plus an applicable

LIBOR margin of 3.75%; or
 

 
•  a base rate (calculated on a 365/366-day basis and defined in a manner customary for financings of this type) plus an

applicable base rate margin of 2.75%.
 

142



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 153/217

Table of Contents

Swingline borrowings bear interest at a rate per annum equal to a base rate (as described above) plus an applicable base rate
margin of 2.75%.

A commitment fee is payable in respect of the unutilized commitments under the revolving credit facility at a rate equal to
0.50% per annum, subject to a step-down to 0.375% per annum upon achievement of a consolidated total leverage ratio level of less
than or equal to 3.25 to 1.00. Cincinnati Bell has also agreed to pay customary letter of credit fees, including a fronting fee equal to
0.125% per annum of the dollar equivalent of the daily maximum amount available to be drawn under all outstanding letters of credit,
and customary issuance and administration fees.

Borrowings under the revolving credit facility and term loan facilities on the closing date of the merger will be subject to certain
conditions, including:
 

 
•  the completion of the merger simultaneously with the closing under the credit facilities in accordance with the merger

agreement;
 

 •  the delivery of the required financial information;
 

 
•  the absence, since July 9, 2017, of a material adverse effect on Hawaiian Telcom, which for purposes of the commitment

letter is defined in a manner similar to the definition of material adverse effect in the merger agreement; and
 

 •  certain other customary closing conditions.

All borrowings under the revolving credit facility after the closing date of the merger are subject to the satisfaction of customary
conditions, including the absence of defaults and events of default and the accuracy of representations and warranties.

The credit facilities include negative covenants that, subject to certain exceptions, qualifications and baskets, limit the ability of
Cincinnati Bell and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things, incur indebtedness; incur liens; make asset sales; merge,
consolidate or undertake certain other fundamental changes; make restricted payments in respect of equity interests and make
investments; undertake transactions with affiliates; enter into restrictions on liens and other restrictive agreements; and make changes
in fiscal year.

The revolving credit facility requires maintenance of a maximum consolidated secured leverage ratio of 3.50 to 1.00 and a
minimum consolidated interest coverage ratio of 1.50 to 1.00.

The credit facilities also contain certain customary representations and warranties, affirmative covenants and events of default.

The term loan facilities contain customary mandatory prepayment provisions, including prepayment of the term loans thereunder
with (a)(x) 100% of the net cash proceeds of all non-ordinary course asset sales or dispositions by Cincinnati Bell and its restricted
subsidiaries in excess of $50 million in the aggregate in any fiscal year and (y) 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain involuntary
asset dispositions in excess of $50 million in the aggregate in any fiscal year, in each case, subject to certain exceptions and
reinvestment rights, and (b) 100% of the net cash proceeds of certain issuances of debt obligations of Cincinnati Bell and its restricted
subsidiaries not otherwise permitted by the credit facilities.

All of the obligations of Cincinnati Bell and its subsidiaries under the credit facilities and under any treasury management, or
interest rate protection or other hedging arrangements entered into with a lender under any of the credit facilities (or any affiliate
thereof) are (a) guaranteed by each existing and future direct or indirect material domestic restricted subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell,
subject to certain exceptions, and (b) secured by substantially all existing and after-acquired assets of Cincinnati Bell and the subsidiary
guarantors, subject to certain exceptions.
 

143



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 154/217

Table of Contents

Under the credit facilities, MSSF acts as the administrative agent and collateral agent. The commitment parties or their respective
affiliates have and may in the future perform various investment banking, financial advisory, commercial banking, transfer agent and/or
other services for Cincinnati Bell for which they have been paid, or will be paid, customary fees.

The closing of the revolving credit facility and the term loan facility reduced the aggregate amount of revolving commitments
available under the commitment letter to $0 and the amount of term loan commitments available under the commitment letter to $350
million. Upon the issuance of the 8.00% senior unsecured notes due 2025, the aggregate commitments in respect of the term loan
facilities under the commitment letter will be further reduced to $0.

The foregoing descriptions of the credit facilities do not purport to be complete descriptions of their terms, and are qualified in all
respects by reference to the complete texts of the commitment letter, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this proxy
statement/prospectus, and the credit agreement, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Cincinnati Bell’s Current Report on Form 8-
K, dated as of October 2, 2017, and are incorporated herein by reference.

Senior Unsecured Notes

On September 22, 2017, Cincinnati Bell announced the pricing of a private offering of $350 million aggregate principal amount
of 8.00% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “notes”) by CB Escrow Corp., an Ohio corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
Cincinnati Bell (the “escrow issuer”).

At the closing of the merger, the escrow issuer will merge with and into Cincinnati Bell (the “escrow merger”), with Cincinnati
Bell continuing as the surviving corporation. At the time of the escrow merger, Cincinnati Bell will assume the obligations of the
escrow issuer under the notes and the related indenture (the “notes assumption”). Prior to the notes assumption, the notes will not be
guaranteed. From and after the notes assumption, the notes will be guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior unsecured basis, by
certain of Cincinnati Bell’s existing and future domestic subsidiaries. The offering of notes is expected to close on October 6, 2017,
subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions.

Cincinnati Bell intends to use the net proceeds from the offering of the notes, together with cash on hand and borrowings under
Cincinnati Bell’s senior credit facilities and receivables facility, to fund the cash portion of the merger consideration, refinance existing
Hawaiian Telcom indebtedness and pay fees and expenses in connection with the foregoing.

Upon the closing of the offering of notes, the amount of aggregate commitments in respect of the term loan facilities under the
commitment letter will be reduced to $0.

The foregoing description of the notes does not purport to be a complete description of their terms. Within four business days of
the closing of the notes offering, Cincinnati Bell expects to file a current report on Form 8-K containing the complete text of the
indenture related to the notes, which will be incorporated herein by reference as described under the heading “Where to Find More
Information” beginning on page 193 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

This proxy statement/prospectus is for informational purposes only and is neither an offer to buy or sell nor a solicitation of an
offer to buy or sell the notes described above. There shall not be any sale of notes in any state or other jurisdiction in which such offer,
solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction.
 

144



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 155/217

Table of Contents

THE VOTING AGREEMENT

In connection with the merger agreement, on July 9, 2017, Cincinnati Bell entered into the voting agreement with the Twin Haven
Stockholders. This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the voting agreement, which is included in this proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex B. The rights and obligations of the parties to the voting agreement are governed by the express terms
and conditions of the voting agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in this proxy statement/prospectus.
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are urged to read the voting agreement carefully and in its entirety, as well as this proxy
statement/prospectus, before making any decisions regarding the merger.

On July 9, 2017, concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell entered into the voting agreement with
each of the Twin Haven Stockholders, who, collectively and in the aggregate, hold voting power over approximately 22.5% of the
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Pursuant to the voting agreement and as more fully described therein, each Twin Haven
Stockholder, among other things, has agreed that at any meeting of the stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom called to vote upon the
merger agreement, the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or at any postponement or
adjournment thereof, or in any other circumstances upon which a vote, consent, adoption or other approval with respect to the merger
agreement, the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement is sought, such Twin Haven Stockholder
will:
 

 
(i) appear at such meeting or otherwise cause its Subject Shares (as defined below) to be counted as present thereat for purposes

of calculating a quorum, and
 

 (ii) vote (or cause to be voted) all of such Twin Haven Stockholder’s Subject Shares:
 

 (A) in favor of, and shall consent to (or cause to be consented to), the adoption of the merger agreement; and
 

 

(B) against, and shall not (and shall not commit or agree to) consent to (or cause to be consented to), any of the following:
(1) any takeover proposal or any acquisition agreement (each as described in the merger agreement) constituting or
relating to any takeover proposal or (2) any amendment of Hawaiian Telcom’s organizational documents (other than
pursuant to and as permitted by the merger agreement) or any other proposal, action, agreement or transaction which,
in the case of this clause (2), would (A) result in a breach of any covenant, agreement, obligation, representation or
warranty of Hawaiian Telcom contained in the merger agreement or of the Twin Haven Stockholders contained in the
voting agreement, (B) prevent, impede, interfere or be inconsistent with, delay, discourage or adversely affect the
timely completion of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or by the voting
agreement, or (C) change in any manner the voting rights of the Hawaiian Telcom common stock;

provided that, in each case, the merger agreement shall not have been amended or modified without such Twin Haven Stockholder’s
consent (1) to decrease the merger consideration, (2) to change the form of merger consideration or (3) otherwise in a manner adverse
to such Twin Haven Stockholder. Each Twin Haven Stockholder has irrevocably appointed Cincinnati Bell and any other individual
designated in writing by Cincinnati Bell, and each of them individually, such Twin Haven Stockholder’s proxy and attorney-in-fact
(with full power of substitution and re-substitution), for and in the name, place and stead of such Twin Haven Stockholder, to vote all
of such Twin Haven Stockholder’s Subject Shares in accordance with clauses (i) and (ii) of this paragraph. For purposes of the voting
agreement and as used in this proxy statement/prospectus, “Subject Shares” means, with respect to the Twin Haven Stockholders, as of
any date of determination, a number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in the aggregate equal to the lesser of (i) 25% of the
total number of outstanding shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock as of such date and (ii) the number of shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock held by the Twin Haven Stockholders as of such date. Each Twin Haven Stockholder will be free to vote (or
cause to be voted) all of its remaining shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in excess of the Subject Shares as it determines in its
sole discretion.
 

145



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 156/217

Table of Contents

Each Twin Haven Stockholder further agreed that such Twin Haven Stockholder will not, and will not commit or agree to,
directly or indirectly (i) sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, assign, tender or otherwise dispose of (including by gift, merger or otherwise
by operation of law) (collectively, “Transfer”) any Subject Shares (or any interest therein) or any rights to acquire any securities or
equity interests of Hawaiian Telcom, or enter into any contract or other agreement, option, call or other arrangement with respect to the
Transfer (including any profit-sharing or other derivative arrangement) of any Subject Shares (or any interest therein) or any rights to
acquire any securities or equity interests of Hawaiian Telcom, to any person other than pursuant to the voting agreement or the merger
agreement, unless prior to any such Transfer the transferee of such Twin Haven Stockholder’s Subject Shares is a party to the voting
agreement, enters into a stockholder agreement with Cincinnati Bell on terms substantially identical to the terms of the voting
agreement or agrees to become a party to the voting agreement pursuant to a customary joinder agreement reasonably satisfactory to
Cincinnati Bell or (ii) enter into any voting arrangement, whether by proxy, voting agreement, voting trust or otherwise, with respect to
any Subject Shares or rights to acquire any securities or equity interests of Hawaiian Telcom, other than the voting agreement.

The voting agreement will terminate upon the earliest of (i) the completion of the special meeting of the stockholders of Hawaiian
Telcom at which a proposal to adopt the merger agreement is voted upon, (ii) the date of any amendment, waiver or modification of the
merger agreement without the Twin Haven Stockholder’s prior written consent that has the effect of (1) decreasing the merger
consideration, (2) changing the form of merger consideration, in each case, payable to the stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom pursuant to
the merger agreement in effect on the date of the voting agreement or (3) otherwise affecting such Twin Haven Stockholder in an
adverse manner and (iii) the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms.
 

146



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 157/217

Table of Contents

THE ONX ACQUISITION

This section of the proxy statement/prospectus describes the OnX acquisition and certain material provisions of the merger
agreement among Cincinnati Bell, OnX, OnX Merger Sub and the OnX Unitholder Representative but does not purport to describe all
of the terms of the OnX merger agreement. Hawaiian Telcom stockholders will not be voting to approve the OnX acquisition, and this
summary is included only to provide Hawaiian Telcom stockholders with information regarding the OnX acquisition and certain terms
of the OnX merger agreement and not to provide Hawaiian Telcom stockholders with any other factual information regarding
Cincinnati Bell, OnX or their respective subsidiaries or businesses.

On October 2, 2017, Cincinnati Bell completed its previously announced acquisition of OnX pursuant to the OnX merger
agreement. Pursuant to the OnX merger agreement, OnX Merger Sub merged with and into OnX, with OnX continuing as the surviving
company and a wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell.

As a result of the OnX acquisition, Cincinnati Bell paid the Unitholders of OnX aggregate merger consideration of $201 million
in cash, without interest, on a cash-free, debt-free basis, subject to customary post-closing adjustments.

The OnX merger agreement contains customary representations, warranties and covenants, including certain customary operating
restrictions on the conduct of the business of OnX and its subsidiaries during the period from the execution of the OnX merger
agreement to the closing of the OnX acquisition. In connection with the entry into the OnX merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell also
entered into a customary indemnification agreement with OnX and with certain equity holders of OnX.

The foregoing description of the OnX merger agreement is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the OnX
merger agreement, which is filed as Exhibit 2.2 to Cincinnati Bell’s Current Report on Form 8-K, dated as of July 10, 2017, and is
incorporated herein by reference.

The representations and warranties of Cincinnati Bell and OnX contained in the OnX merger agreement have been made solely
for the benefit of the parties to the OnX merger agreement. In addition, such representations and warranties (a) have been made only
for purposes of the OnX merger agreement, (b) have been qualified by confidential disclosures made to OnX in connection with the
OnX merger agreement, (c) are subject to materiality qualifications contained in the OnX merger agreement which may differ from
what may be viewed as material by investors, (d) were made only as of the date of the OnX merger agreement or such other date as is
specified in the OnX merger agreement and (e) have been included in the OnX merger agreement for the purpose of allocating risk
between Cincinnati Bell and OnX, rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly, the OnX merger agreement is incorporated
into this proxy statement/prospectus by reference only to provide investors with information regarding the terms of the OnX merger
agreement, and not to provide investors with any other factual information regarding Cincinnati Bell or OnX or their respective
subsidiaries or businesses. Investors should not rely on the representations and warranties or any descriptions thereof as
characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of Cincinnati Bell or OnX or any of their respective subsidiaries or businesses.
Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may change after the date of the OnX
merger agreement, which subsequent information may or may not be fully reflected in Cincinnati Bell’s public disclosures.

As more fully described under the section titled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” beginning
on page 172 of this proxy statement/prospectus, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included in this
proxy statement/prospectus, including under the sections titled “Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Data”,
“Comparative Unaudited Historical and Pro Forma Per Share Data” and “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial
Information”, has not been adjusted to give effect to the OnX acquisition (including any financing in respect thereof).
 

147



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 158/217

Table of Contents

ACCOUNTING TREATMENT

In accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, Cincinnati Bell will account for the merger
using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. Cincinnati Bell will be treated as the acquirer for accounting
purposes. Under this method of accounting, Cincinnati Bell will record the acquisition based on the fair value of the consideration
given, which includes the market value of its shares issued in connection with the merger (based on the closing price of the Cincinnati
Bell common shares on the date of completion of the merger) and the cash consideration paid in the merger. Cincinnati Bell will
allocate the purchase price to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their respective fair values at the date of
the completion of the merger. Any excess of the value of consideration paid over the aggregate fair value of those net assets will be
recorded as goodwill.
 

148



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 159/217

Table of Contents

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

General

The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences to holders of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock of (1) the merger and (2) the ownership and disposition of Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the merger, if any. This
discussion is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the “Code”), the U.S. Treasury Regulations promulgated
thereunder and judicial and administrative rulings, all as in effect as of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, and all of which are
subject to change or varying interpretation, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such changes could affect the accuracy of the
statements and conclusions set forth herein. This discussion does not address any aspects of state, local, or non-U.S. laws or federal
laws other than those relating to U.S. federal income taxation and is not a complete analysis or description of all of the possible tax
consequences of the merger or of the ownership or disposition of shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares. In addition, this discussion
does not address the tax consequences of transactions effectuated before, after or at the same time as the merger, whether or not they
are in connection with the merger, including, without limitation, the exercise or cancellation of options to purchase stock.

This discussion addresses only holders that own their shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock, and will own their shares of
Cincinnati Bell common shares (if received as consideration in the merger), as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of the
Code (generally, property held for investment purposes). This discussion does not address all aspects of U.S. federal income taxation
that may be relevant to a holder in light of such holder’s particular circumstances, including any tax consequences arising under the
Medicare tax on net investment income (under Section 1411 of the Code) or to a holder that is subject to special treatment under U.S.
federal income tax law, including, for example:
 

 •  a bank or other financial institution;
 

 •  a tax-exempt entity;
 

 •  an insurance company;
 

 •  a person holding shares as part of a straddle, hedge, constructive sale, integrated transaction, or conversion transaction;
 

 •  an S corporation or other pass-through entity or an investor in an S corporation or other pass-through entity;
 

 •  a U.S. expatriate;
 

 •  a person who is liable for the alternative minimum tax;
 

 •  a broker-dealer or trader in securities;
 

 •  a U.S. Holder (as defined below) whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 •  a regulated investment company;
 

 •  a real estate investment trust;
 

 •  a trader in securities who has elected the mark-to-market method of accounting for its securities; and
 

 
•  a person who received Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the exercise of employee stock options, through a tax

qualified retirement plan, or otherwise as compensation.

No ruling has been requested from the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) in connection with the merger or related transactions.
Accordingly, the discussion below neither binds the IRS nor precludes it from adopting a contrary position. Furthermore, no opinion of
counsel has been or will be rendered with respect to the tax consequences of the merger or related transactions.
 

149



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 160/217

Table of Contents

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is any beneficial owner of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or, after the
completion of the merger, Cincinnati Bell common shares that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is:
 

 •  an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation (including any entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized in or

under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;
 

 •  an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or
 

 

•  a trust if (1) its administration is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more U.S.
persons, within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the
trust or (2) it has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S.
federal income tax purposes.

A “Non-U.S. Holder” is any beneficial owner of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or, after the completion of the merger,
Cincinnati Bell common shares that, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is an individual, corporation, estate, or trust that is not a
U.S. Holder.

If a partnership (including any entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) holds
Hawaiian Telcom common stock or Cincinnati Bell common shares, the tax treatment of a partner in that partnership generally will
depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. If you are a partner in a partnership that holds Hawaiian Telcom
common stock or Cincinnati Bell common shares, you are urged to consult your tax advisor regarding the U.S. federal income tax
consequences to you of the merger and the ownership and disposition of Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the merger.

ALL HOLDERS OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON STOCK ARE URGED TO CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISORS
REGARDING THE PARTICULAR FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES TO THEM OF THE
MERGER AND THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF ANY CINCINNATI BELL COMMON SHARES RECEIVED IN THE
MERGER.

The Merger

U.S. Holders

The merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Therefore, a U.S. Holder will recognize capital
gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between (1) the sum of any cash received by such U.S. Holder in the merger, including any
cash received in lieu of fractional shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares, and the fair market value of any Cincinnati Bell common
shares received by such U.S. Holder in the merger and (2) the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in its Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

Capital gains of a non-corporate U.S. Holder will be eligible for the preferential U.S. federal income tax rates applicable to long-
term capital gains if the U.S. Holder has held its Hawaiian Telcom common stock for more than one year as of the date of the merger.
The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations. If a U.S. Holder acquired different blocks of shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock at different times or different prices, the U.S. Holder must determine its tax basis and holding period separately for each
block of Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

A U.S. Holder’s aggregate tax basis in any Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the merger will equal the fair market value
of such stock as of the date of the merger. A U.S. Holder’s holding period in any Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the merger
will begin the day after the merger.
 

150



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 161/217

Table of Contents

Non-U.S. Holders

Subject to the discussion below under the section titled “Information Reporting and Backup Withholding”, a Non-U.S. Holder
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding tax on the exchange of Hawaiian Telcom common stock for any
Cincinnati Bell common shares and/or cash in the merger unless:
 

 
•  any gain recognized on the exchange is effectively connected with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business in

the United States (and, if an income tax treaty applies, is attributable to a U.S. permanent establishment of the Non-U.S.
Holder);

 

 
•  the Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more during the taxable year that

includes the merger and certain other conditions are satisfied; or
 

 

•  Hawaiian Telcom is or has been a United States real property holding corporation (“USRPHC”) for U.S. federal income tax
purposes at any time during the shorter of (i) the five-year period ending on the date of the merger and (ii) the Non-U.S.
Holder’s holding period in the Hawaiian Telcom common stock, and, if the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock are
“regularly traded on an established securities market”, the Non-U.S. Holder held (directly, indirectly or constructively), at
any time during such period, more than 5% of the outstanding Hawaiian Telcom common stock.

If the Non-U.S. Holder’s gain is described in the first bullet, then the Non-U.S. Holder will generally be subject to U.S. federal
income tax under the rules described above as if it were a U.S. Holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock and, in the case of a foreign
corporation, may be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable
income tax treaty).

If the Non-U.S. Holder is described in the second bullet, then such Non-U.S. Holder will generally be subject to U.S. federal
income tax at a 30% rate (or such lower rate as may be specified by an applicable income tax treaty) on the gain, which may be offset
by certain U.S. source capital losses of the Non-U.S. Holder.

If Hawaiian Telcom meets the criteria described in the third bullet, then a Non-U.S. Holder will not be subject to U.S. federal
withholding tax as a result of Hawaiian Telcom meeting such criteria but will be subject to U.S. federal income tax under the rules
described above as if it were a U.S. Holder of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Although there can be no assurances in this regard,
Hawaiian Telcom does not believe that it is or was a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes during the applicable five-year
period.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Any Cincinnati Bell common shares and/or cash received by a U.S. Holder or a Non-U.S. Holder in the merger may be subject to
information reporting, and may be subject to backup withholding unless such holder provides proof of an applicable exemption or
furnishes its taxpayer identification number and otherwise complies with all applicable requirements under the backup withholding
rules. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and may be allowed as a refund or credit against
the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.

Ownership and Disposition of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares Received in the Merger

The following discussion summarizes the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition by
U.S. Holders and Non-U.S. Holders of any Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the merger.

U.S. Holders

Distributions

Distributions, if any, made with respect to Cincinnati Bell common shares generally will be treated as dividends for U.S. federal
income tax purposes to the extent of Cincinnati Bell’s current or accumulated earnings
 

151



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 162/217

Table of Contents

and profits as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Dividends paid to a non-corporate U.S. Holder that constitute qualified
dividend income will be taxable at preferential rates applicable to long-term capital gains provided that the U.S. Holder holds the
Cincinnati Bell common shares for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the ex-dividend date and
meets other holding period requirements. Dividends made with respect to Cincinnati Bell common shares will generally be qualified
dividend income, providing the holding period requirements in the previous sentence are satisfied. In addition, dividends paid to
corporate U.S. Holders may qualify for the dividend received deduction if the U.S. Holder meets certain holding period and other
requirements. Distributions in excess of Cincinnati Bell’s current or accumulated earnings and profits as determined for U.S. federal
income tax purposes will generally be treated as a return of capital to the extent of a U.S. Holder’s basis in the Cincinnati Bell common
shares and thereafter as capital gain. If a U.S. Holder acquires different blocks of shares of Cincinnati Bell common stock at different
times or different prices, the U.S. Holder must determine its tax basis and gain separately for each block of shares of Cincinnati Bell
common stock.

Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares

Gain on the sale or other taxable disposition of Cincinnati Bell common shares will generally be subject to tax in the same
manner as described above under “—The Merger—U.S. Holders”.

Non-U.S. Holders

Distributions

Except as described below, dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder generally will be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax at a
30% rate or at a lower rate if the Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty that provides for a lower rate.
Even if the Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for a lower income tax treaty rate, Cincinnati Bell and other payors will generally be required
to withhold at a 30% rate (rather than the lower income tax treaty rate) on dividend payments to a non-U.S. Holder unless the Non-U.S.
Holder has furnished to Cincinnati Bell or another payor a properly executed IRS Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or appropriate
successor form) certifying such Non-U.S. Holder’s entitlement to benefits under the income tax treaty. Additional certification
requirements apply if a Non-U.S. Holder holds the Cincinnati Bell common shares through a foreign partnership or a foreign
intermediary. If a Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for a reduced rate of withholding tax under an income tax treaty, the Non-U.S. Holder
may obtain a refund of any amounts withheld in excess of that rate by timely filing a refund claim with the IRS.

Dividends paid to a Non-U.S. Holder that are “effectively connected” with its conduct of a trade or business within the United
States, and, if required by an income tax treaty, attributable to a permanent establishment that the Non-U.S. Holder maintains in the
United States, are not subject to the withholding tax described above, provided that the Non-U.S. Holder has furnished to Cincinnati
Bell or another payor a properly executed IRS Form W-8ECI (or acceptable substitute form) upon which the Non-U.S. Holder
represents, under penalties of perjury, that (i) the Non-U.S. Holder is a non-U.S. person, and (ii) the dividends are effectively connected
with the Non-U.S. Holder’s conduct of a trade or business within the United States and are includable in its gross income. Such
dividends are, however, generally subject to U.S. federal income tax as if the Non-U.S. Holder were a U.S. Holder. In addition, such
dividends received by a corporate Non-U.S. Holder may, under certain circumstances, be subject to an additional branch profits tax at a
30% rate, or at a lower rate if the Non-U.S. Holder is eligible for the benefits of an income tax treaty that provides for a lower rate.

Sale or Other Taxable Disposition of Cincinnati Bell Common Shares

Gain on the sale or other taxable disposition of Cincinnati Bell common shares will generally be subject to tax in the same
manner as described above under “—The Merger—Non-U.S. Holders”. With respect to the third bullet point under that heading,
although there can be no assurances, Cincinnati Bell does not believe that it is or was a USRPHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes
during the applicable five-year period.
 

152



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 163/217

Table of Contents

FATCA Withholding

Under the U.S. tax rules known as the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (“FATCA”), a Non-U.S. Holder of Cincinnati Bell
common shares will generally be subject to a 30% withholding tax on (i) dividends paid on Cincinnati Bell common shares and
(ii) beginning after December 31, 2018, gross proceeds from the sale or other disposition of Cincinnati Bell common shares, unless
(i) if the Non-U.S. Holder is a “non-financial foreign entity”, it provides Cincinnati Bell or an applicable payor or financial institution
with certain documentation relating to its substantial U.S. owners or otherwise certifies that it does not have any substantial U.S.
owners, (ii) if the Non-U.S. Holder is a “foreign financial institution”, it enters into an agreement with the Department of Treasury to,
among other things, report certain information regarding its accounts with or interests held by certain United States persons and by
certain non-U.S. entities that are wholly or partially owned by United States persons, and it establishes its compliance with these rules
by providing to Cincinnati Bell or an applicable payor or financial institution with an applicable IRS Form W-8 or (iii) the Non-U.S.
Holder otherwise qualifies for an exemption from these rules and establishes such exemption by providing to Cincinnati Bell or an
applicable payor or financial institution with an applicable IRS Form W-8. The rules relating to FATCA described above may be
modified by an applicable intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the jurisdiction in which the Non-U.S. Holder is
resident. Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers regarding how FATCA may apply to their ownership and disposition
of Cincinnati Bell common shares.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Dividends paid with respect to shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares and proceeds from a sale or other disposition of
Cincinnati Bell common shares received in the United States or through certain U.S.-related financial intermediaries may be subject to
information reporting, and may be subject to backup withholding unless the holder provides proof of an applicable exemption or
furnishes its taxpayer identification number and otherwise complies with all applicable requirements under the backup withholding
rules. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and may be allowed as a refund or credit against
the holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS.
 

153



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 164/217

Table of Contents

DESCRIPTION OF CINCINNATI BELL CAPITAL STOCK

As a result of the merger, stockholders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who receive Cincinnati Bell common shares in the
merger will become Cincinnati Bell shareholders. Your rights as Cincinnati Bell shareholders will be governed by Ohio law, Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations. The following
description of the material terms of Cincinnati Bell’s capital stock, including Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued in the merger,
reflects the anticipated state of affairs upon completion of the merger. We urge you to read the applicable provisions of Ohio law and
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and amended and restated regulations carefully and in their entirety
because they describe your rights as a holder of Cincinnati Bell common shares.

General

The total authorized capital stock of Cincinnati Bell consists of the following:
 

 •  96,000,000 common shares, $0.01 par value;
 

 •  1,357,299 voting preferred shares, without par value; and
 

 
•  1,000,000 non-voting preferred shares, without par value (together with the voting preferred shares, referred to as preferred

shares).

The Cincinnati Bell board of directors has designated 400,000 voting preferred shares as Series A Preferred Shares and has
designated 155,250 voting preferred shares as 6 3/4% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares, referred to in this proxy
statement/prospectus as 6 3/4% Preferred Shares and described below.

At the close of business on the record date, 42,181,619 Cincinnati Bell common shares were issued and outstanding; 155,250
6 3/4% Preferred Shares were issued and outstanding; no non-voting preferred shares were issued and outstanding; and no Series A
Preferred Shares were outstanding.

No shares of any class have any preemptive rights.

No shares of any class have any cumulative voting rights.

Cincinnati Bell Common Shares

Each holder of Cincinnati Bell common shares is entitled to cast one vote for each share held of record on all matters properly
submitted to a vote of Cincinnati Bell shareholders, including the election of directors. Holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares are
entitled to receive dividends or other distributions declared by Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors. The right of the board of directors
to declare dividends, however, is subject to the rights of any holders of preferred shares of Cincinnati Bell (including the rights of
holders of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares described under the section titled “Preferred Shares—6 3/4% Cumulative Convertible Preferred
Shares”) and certain requirements under Ohio law. In particular, dividends on any series of preferred shares must be paid or declared
and set apart for payment for all past dividend periods and for the current dividend period before any dividends (other than dividends
payable in Cincinnati Bell common shares) may be declared or paid or set apart for payment on Cincinnati Bell common shares.

In 2010, Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors approved a plan authorizing the repurchase of up to $150.0 million of Cincinnati Bell
common shares. The repurchase plan does not have a stated maturity. As of June 30, 2017, Cincinnati Bell is authorized to repurchase
$124.4 million of Cincinnati Bell common shares under the repurchase plan.

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Cincinnati Bell, the holders of preferred shares of any series must receive any
amounts to which such holders are entitled as fixed with respect to such series, including any accumulated dividends, before any
payment or distribution of assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares.
 

154



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 165/217

Table of Contents

Preferred Shares

The Cincinnati Bell board of directors is authorized to provide for the issuance from time to time of preferred shares in series and,
as to each series, to fix the designation, the dividend rate, the date or dates of payment of such dividends, the date or dates from which
such dividends will be cumulative, the times when and the prices at which the preferred shares will be redeemable, the amounts holders
of preferred shares will be entitled to receive upon the voluntary and involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Cincinnati
Bell, the sinking fund provisions, if any, the conversion or exchange provisions, if any, the restrictions upon the payment of dividends
or other distributions, if any, the restrictions upon the creation of indebtedness, if any, the restrictions upon the issuance of additional
preferred shares ranking pari passu or senior in right of payment, if any, and any other rights, preferences and limitations that are not
inconsistent with Ohio law or Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation.

Preferred shares of all series shall rank equally and be identical in all respects except that only voting preferred shares shall be
voting shares and except that the Cincinnati Bell board of directors is authorized to amend Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
articles of incorporation in respect of any unissued or treasury preferred shares and thereby to fix or change, to the full extent permitted
by Ohio law, the relative rights, preferences and limitations of each series and the variations in such rights, preferences and limitations
as between series. Each holder of preferred shares is entitled to cast one vote for each share held of record on all matters properly
submitted to a vote of the shareholders, including the election of directors.

The approval by holders of at least two-thirds of all outstanding preferred shares is required to authorize any shares ranking prior
to the preferred shares or amend Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation so as to affect adversely the preferred
shares. The approval by holders of least two-thirds of all outstanding preferred shares of any series is required to change any provisions
of the applicable series so as to affect adversely such series. The approval by holders of a majority of all outstanding preferred shares is
required to increase the authorized number of preferred shares or authorize shares of any other class ranking on a parity with preferred
shares.

In the event Cincinnati Bell has defaulted in the payment in the aggregate amount equivalent to six full quarterly dividends on any
series of preferred shares, the number of directors then constituting the Cincinnati Bell board of directors shall ipso facto be increased
by two and the holders of the outstanding preferred shares, voting separately as a class and without regard to series, shall have the
exclusive right to elect the two directors to fill such newly-created directorships, and such right shall continue until all accrued and
unpaid dividends have been paid or declared and set aside for payment.

Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of Cincinnati Bell, the holders of preferred shares of any series will be entitled to
receive the amounts to which such holders are entitled as fixed with respect to such series, including any accumulated dividends, before
any payment or distribution of assets may be made to or set aside for the holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares.

6  3⁄4% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares

Holders of Cincinnati Bell’s 6 3/4% Preferred Shares are entitled to cast one vote per whole share that they hold of record on all
matters properly submitted to a vote of the shareholders, including the election of directors. Holders of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares and
holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares will vote together as a single class, unless otherwise provided by law or Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation. The approval of each holder of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares is necessary to, among other
things:
 

 
•  alter the voting rights with respect to the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares or reduce the number of 6 3/4% Preferred Shares whose

holders must consent to an amendment, supplement or waiver;
 

 •  reduce the liquidation preference;
 

155



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 166/217

Table of Contents

 •  adversely alter the redemption provisions;
 

 •  reduce the rate of or change the time for payment of dividends; and
 

 •  waive a default in payment of dividends or liquidated damages.

In addition, the approval of holders of at least two-thirds of the issued and outstanding 6 3/4% Preferred Shares, voting as one
class, is required to amend Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation to affect adversely the specified rights,
preferences, privileges or voting rights of holders of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares or to authorize the issuance of any additional 6 3/4%
Preferred Shares.

Cincinnati Bell may redeem the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares at any time at a redemption price of $1,000 per share plus all accrued
and unpaid dividends.

Unless previously redeemed or repurchased, each 6 3/4% Preferred Share is convertible, at the option of the holders, at any time,
into Cincinnati Bell common shares at a conversion rate, subject to adjustment in certain events, of 5.7676 Cincinnati Bell common
shares for each 6 3/4% Preferred Share.

Annual dividends of $67.50 per share on the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares are payable quarterly in arrears in cash or, if the documents
governing any Cincinnati Bell indebtedness that existed prior to the issuance of 6 3/4% Preferred Shares prohibit such payment in cash,
in Cincinnati Bell common shares.

In the event of the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the business of Cincinnati Bell, holders of the 6 3/4% Preferred Shares
are entitled to receive the liquidation preference of $1,000 per share plus all accrued and unpaid dividends and certain other amounts (if
applicable) as provided in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation.

Indemnification under Ohio Law

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation do not address indemnification. Article V of Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated regulations require the corporation, to the fullest extent permitted under Ohio General Corporation Law, or the
OGCL, to indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify thereunder.

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL permits a corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made
a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a
director or officer of another entity, because the person is or was a director or officer, against expenses, judgments, fines and amounts
paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with the suit, action or proceeding if (i) the
director or officer acted in good faith and in a manner the director or officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation, and (ii) with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, the director or officer had no reasonable cause to
believe the director’s or officer’s conduct was unlawful. In the case of an action by or in the right of the corporation, however, such
indemnification may only apply to expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the person in connection with the defense or
settlement of such action and no such indemnification may be made if either (a) the director or officer has been adjudged to be liable
for negligence or misconduct in the performance of the director’s or officer’s duty to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that
the court in which the proceeding was brought determines that the director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification
for such expenses as the court deems proper, or (b) the only liability asserted against a director in a proceeding relates to the director’s
approval of an impermissible dividend, distribution, redemption or loan. The OGCL further provides that to the extent a director or
officer has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above, the corporation
must indemnify the director or officer against expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in connection with
the action, suit or proceeding.
 

156



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 167/217

Table of Contents

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL permits a corporation to pay expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a director, officer,
employee or agent as they are incurred, in advance of the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, as authorized by the
corporation’s directors and upon receipt of an undertaking by such person to repay such amount if it is ultimately determined that such
person is not entitled to indemnification.

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL states that the indemnification provided thereby is not exclusive of, and is in addition to, any
other rights granted to persons seeking indemnification under a corporation’s articles or regulations, any agreement, a vote of the
corporation’s shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. In addition, Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL grants express power
to a corporation to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar protection, including trust funds, letters of credit and self-
insurance, for director, officer, employee or agent liability, regardless of whether that individual is otherwise eligible for
indemnification by the corporation.

The OGCL also permits corporations to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any director or officer against any liability
asserted against such director or officer and incurred by such director or officer in his capacity as a director or officer, whether or not
the corporation would have the power to indemnify the director or officer against such liability under the OGCL.

Cincinnati Bell has entered into indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers and has acquired
insurance for its obligations to provide indemnification to its directors and officers.

Anti-takeover Effects of Ohio Law, Cincinnati Bell’s Amended and Restated Articles and Cincinnati Bell’s Amended and
Restated Regulations

Ohio Merger Moratorium Statute. Chapter 1704 of the OGCL regulates a broad range of business combinations, including
mergers, consolidations, combinations, majority share acquisitions and sales, leases or other dispositions of substantial assets between
an issuing public corporation and an interested shareholder (each, a “Chapter 1704 transaction”). An “issuing public corporation” is
defined in the OGCL as an Ohio corporation with 50 or more shareholders that has its principal place of business, principal executive
offices or substantial assets within Ohio and as to which no close corporation agreement (as defined in the OGCL) exists. An
“interested shareholder” is defined in the OGCL as a shareholder who, alone or with others, directly or indirectly, has the power to
exercise or direct the exercise of 10% or more of the voting power of an issuing public corporation in the election of its directors.
Chapter 1704 of the OGCL prohibits issuing public corporations from engaging in any Chapter 1704 transaction with any interested
shareholder, unless the articles of incorporation provide otherwise, for a period of three years following the date on which the
shareholder became an interested shareholder, unless the board of directors of the issuing public corporation had approved the business
combination or the interested shareholder’s acquisition of shares of the corporation prior to the date the shareholder became an
interested shareholder. After the initial three-year moratorium, Chapter 1704 prohibits such transactions absent (1) approval by the
board of directors of the interested shareholder’s acquisition of shares of the corporation prior to the date that the shareholder becomes
an interested shareholder, (2) approval by two-thirds of the shareholders and a majority of the disinterested shareholders of the issuing
public corporation or (3) the transaction meeting certain statutorily-defined fair price provisions.

Business Combination Provision in Amended and Restated Articles. In addition to the foregoing statutory requirements,
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles require holders of at least 80% of Cincinnati Bell’s outstanding common shares and
voting preferred shares, voting as a single class, to approve any business combination with an interested shareholder, unless either a
majority of Cincinnati Bell’s continuing directors unaffiliated with the interested shareholder approve the business combination or the
business combination satisfies certain fair price provisions set forth in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles and a proxy or
information statement describing the business combination compliant with the Exchange Act is mailed to all shareholders 30 days prior
to the completion of the transaction.
 

157



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 168/217

Table of Contents

Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act. Under Chapter 1701.831 of the OGCL, unless the articles of incorporation provide
otherwise, certain notice and informational filings, and special shareholder meeting and voting procedures, must be followed prior to
consummation of a proposed control share acquisition. A “control share acquisition” is defined in the OGCL as any acquisition of a
corporation’s shares that, when added to all other shares of that corporation owned by the acquiring person, entitles the acquirer,
immediately after such acquisition, directly or indirectly, to exercise or direct the exercise of voting power of the corporation in the
election of its directors in any of the following ranges:
 

 •  at least 20% but less than 33 1/3%;
 

 •  least 33 1/3% but less than 50%; or
 

 •  50% or more.

No Cumulative Voting. No shares of any class have any cumulative voting rights.

Supermajority Vote to Remove Directors. Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that any director may be
removed, with or without cause, only by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of the
corporation, voting as a single class, at a meeting of the shareholders called for such purpose.

Authorized But Unissued Shares. Cincinnati Bell’s authorized but unissued common shares and preferred shares are available for
future issuance without shareholder approval under Ohio law. These additional shares may be utilized for a variety of corporate
purposes, including future public offerings to raise additional capital, corporate acquisitions and employee benefit plans. Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation authorize the Cincinnati Bell board of directors to issue up to 2,357,299 preferred
shares and to determine the powers, preferences, privileges, rights, including voting rights, qualifications, limitations and restrictions
on those shares, as described above under the section titled “—Preferred Shares”, without any further vote or action by the
shareholders. The existence of authorized but unissued Cincinnati Bell common shares and preferred shares could have the effect of
delaying, deterring or preventing an attempt to obtain control of Cincinnati Bell by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or
otherwise.

Special Meetings of Shareholders. Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that special meetings of
shareholders may be called only by:
 

 
•  the chairman of the board of directors, the president or the vice president authorized to exercise the authority of the president

in case of the president’s absence, death or disability;
 

 •  resolution of the board of directors; or
 

 •  resolution of the holders of at least one-half of the outstanding voting power of the corporation.

Actions by Written Consent. Section 1701.54 of the OGCL requires that an action by written consent of the shareholders in lieu of
a meeting be unanimous, except that, under section 1701.11 of the OGCL, a corporation’s code of regulations may be amended by an
action by written consent of holders of two-thirds of the voting power of the corporation or, if the articles of incorporation or
regulations otherwise provide, such greater or lesser amount, but not less than a majority. Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
articles of incorporation and amended and restated regulations do not address action by written consent of the shareholders in lieu of a
meeting.

Amendments of Amended and Restated Regulations. Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations may be amended only by
the affirmative vote of holders of two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of the corporation, voting as a single class, at a meeting of
shareholders called for such purpose, unless such amendment is recommended by an affirmative vote of two-thirds of the whole
authorized number of directors, in which case only the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of
the corporation, voting as a single class, at a meeting of shareholders called for such purpose, is required.
 

158



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 169/217

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

General

Hawaiian Telcom is incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware. The rights of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders are
governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, including the DGCL, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws. Cincinnati Bell is incorporated under the laws of the State of
Ohio. The rights of Cincinnati Bell shareholders are governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, including the OGCL, Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations. If the merger is completed,
Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who receive Cincinnati Bell common shares in the merger will become Cincinnati Bell shareholders.
Thus, following completion of the merger, the rights of Hawaiian Telcom stockholders who become Cincinnati Bell shareholders in the
merger will no longer be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws and instead will be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio,
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations.

Comparison of Shareholders’ Rights

Set forth below is a summary comparison of material differences between the rights of holders of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock under the laws of the State of Delaware, including the DGCL, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws (left column) and the holders of Cincinnati Bell common shares
under the laws of the State of Ohio, including the OGCL, Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations (right column). The comparison set forth below is only a summary and does not
purport to be a complete statement of the rights of the holders of Hawaiian Telcom common stock or holders of Cincinnati Bell
common shares or a complete description of the specific provisions referenced below.

This summary is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the DGCL, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated
certificate of incorporation, Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, the OGCL, Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
articles of incorporation and Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations, each of which we urge you to read carefully and in its
entirety. Copies of Hawaiian Telcom’s and Cincinnati Bell’s governing documents are available, without charge, to any person,
including any beneficial owner to whom this proxy statement/prospectus is delivered, by following the instructions listed in the section
titled “Where To Find More Information” beginning on page 193.
 

Hawaiian Telcom   Cincinnati Bell

Authorized Capital Stock
Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes the issuance of:   

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation authorize the issuance of:

(i)     245,000,000 shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share; and

 

(ii)    5,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.
  

(i)     96,000,000 common shares, par value $0.01 per share;
 

(ii)    1,357,299 voting preferred shares, without par value; and
 

(iii)  1,000,000 non-voting preferred shares, without par value.

Pursuant to Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors is authorized
to provide, out of the unissued   

Pursuant to Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation, the Cincinnati Bell board of directors is
authorized to issue and, as described

 
159



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 170/217

Table of Contents

shares of preferred stock, for series of preferred stock and, with
respect to each such series, to fix the number of shares constituting
such series and to set the terms of such series.

  

under the section titled “Description of Cincinnati Bell Capital
Stock—Preferred Shares”, set the terms of one or more series
of preferred shares. The Cincinnati Bell board of directors has
designated 400,000 voting preferred shares as Series A
Preferred Shares and has designated 155,250 voting preferred
shares as 6  3⁄4% Cumulative Convertible Preferred Shares.

Outstanding Shares

As of the close of business on the record date,
11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock were
outstanding and no shares of Hawaiian Telcom preferred stock were
outstanding.

  

As of the close of business on the record date,
42,181,619 Cincinnati Bell common shares were issued and
outstanding; 155,250 6  3⁄4% Preferred Shares were issued and
outstanding; no non-voting preferred shares were issued and
outstanding; and no Series A Preferred Shares were
outstanding.

Hawaiian Telcom common stock is traded on the NASDAQ under
the symbol “HCOM”.

  

Cincinnati Bell common shares are traded on the NYSE under
the symbol “CBB”. Cincinnati Bell’s 6 3/4% Preferred Shares
are not traded on any securities exchange or national quotation
system.

Number of Directors

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that the
Hawaiian Telcom board of directors shall consist of no fewer than
five members and no more than nine members and the exact number
of members shall be determined from time to time by the Hawaiian
Telcom board of directors. Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated
bylaws further provide that one of the directors shall be the Chief
Executive Officer of Hawaiian Telcom.

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that
the Cincinnati Bell board of directors shall consist of no fewer
than nine members and no more than 17 members and the
exact number of members shall be determined by the
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the whole authorized
number of directors or the affirmative vote of holders of at least
two-thirds of the outstanding voting power of the corporation,
voting as a single class, at a shareholder meeting called for the
purpose of electing directors.

The Hawaiian Telcom board of directors currently consists of nine
members.

  

The Cincinnati Bell board of directors currently consists of
nine members. Pursuant to the merger agreement, at the
effective time of the merger Cincinnati Bell will appoint to its
board of directors two persons selected by Hawaiian Telcom,
subject to approval of such persons by the Cincinnati Bell
board of directors (not to be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed). The two new directors will be in
addition to the nine directors serving on the Cincinnati Bell
board of directors immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger.

Election of Directors

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide for the
election of directors at the annual meeting of stockholders, or at a
special meeting in lieu of the annual meeting called for such
purpose, by the   

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide for
the election of directors at the annual meeting of shareholders.
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation provide that

 
160



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 171/217

Table of Contents

vote of the plurality of the votes cast at any meeting for the election
of directors at which a quorum is present.

  

except as otherwise provided in Cincinnati Bell’s amended and
restated articles of incorporation regarding the election of
directors by the holders of any series of Preferred Shares, each
director shall be elected by the vote of the majority of the votes
cast with respect to the director at any meeting for the election
of directors at which a quorum is present, except that if the
number of nominees exceeds the number of directors to be
elected, the directors shall be elected by a vote of the plurality
of the shares represented in person or by proxy at any such
meeting and entitled to vote on the election of directors. A
majority of the votes cast means that the number of shares
voted “for” a director must exceed the number of votes cast
“against” that director.

Hawaiian Telcom’s board of directors is not classified.   Cincinnati Bell’s board of directors is not classified.

Removal of Directors

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that any
director or the entire Hawaiian Telcom board of directors may be
removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the
shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors.

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that
any director may be removed, with or without cause, by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding voting power of the corporation, voting as a single
class, at a meeting of shareholders called for such purpose.

Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that
vacancies on the board of directors and newly created directorships
resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors
shall be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, even if
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director.

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that
any vacancy on the board of directors, whether created by an
increase in the number of directors, removal of a director, death
or resignation of a director or otherwise, may be filled by the
remaining directors, even if less than a majority of the whole
authorized number of directors, by a majority vote, or by the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the
outstanding voting power of the corporation, voting as a single
class, at a meeting of shareholders called for such purpose.

Nomination of Director Candidates by Shareholders

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that
nominations of persons for election to the board of directors may be
made at any annual meeting of stockholders or at any special
meeting of stockholders called for the purpose of electing directors
by any stockholder of Hawaiian Telcom (a) who is a stockholder of
record on the date of the giving of the notice described below and on
the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to
notice of, and to vote at, such meeting and (b) who complies with the
notice procedures described below.

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation and amended and restated regulations do not
address shareholder nominations for election to the board of
directors. The OGCL does not provide shareholders with any
specific rights regarding shareholder nominations for election
to the board of directors.
 

The charter for Cincinnati Bell’s Governance and Nominating
Committee of the board of directors provides that any qualified
individual or group may

 
161



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 172/217

Table of Contents

 

For a nomination to be made by a stockholder, such stockholder
must have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to
Hawaiian Telcom’s Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to
Hawaiian Telcom’s Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and
received at Hawaiian Telcom’s principal executive offices (1) in the
case of an annual meeting, not less than 90 days nor more than 120
days prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding
annual meeting of stockholders; provided, however, that in the event
that the annual meeting is called for a date that is not within 30 days
before or after such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder in
order to be timely must be so received not later than the close of
business on the tenth day following the day on which such notice of
the date of the annual meeting was mailed or such public disclosure
of the date of the annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs;
and (2) in the case of a special meeting of stockholders called for the
purpose of electing directors, not later than the close of business on
the tenth day following the day on which notice of the date of the
special meeting was mailed or public disclosure of the date of the
special meeting was made, whichever first occurs.
 

To be in proper written form, a stockholder’s notice to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Secretary must set forth certain information and
representations about the nominating stockholder and its nominee, as
more particularly set forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and
restated bylaws.
 

If the chairman of a meeting of stockholders determines that a
nomination was not made in accordance with the procedures set
forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, the
chairman shall declare to the meeting that the nomination was
defective and such defective nomination shall be disregarded. Unless
otherwise required by law, if the stockholder (or a qualified
representative of the stockholder) making a nomination does not
appear at the annual or special meeting of stockholders to present the
nomination, such nomination shall be disregarded, notwithstanding
that proxies in respect of such vote may have been received by
Hawaiian Telcom.   

propose to the Governance and Nominating Committee a
candidate for election to the board of directors at any time.
Such proposal should be directed to the Chairman of the board
or the Corporate Secretary. Qualified proposers include, but are
not limited to, shareholders, incumbent directors and members
of top management. A nomination from an independent
shareholder must be submitted in accordance with any
procedures set forth by the Governance and Nominating
Committee. The Governance and Nominating Committee will
review prospective candidates, and if approved by the
Governance and Nominating Committee, recommend
candidates to the full board of directors for consideration. The
board of directors will then nominate director candidates for
election by the shareholders.

Calling Special Meetings of Shareholders

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that
special meetings of stockholders, unless otherwise required by law,
may be called by the chairman of the board, a majority of the whole
board of directors or holders of common stock who hold a

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that
special meetings of shareholders for any purpose may be called
by (1) the chairman of the board, the president or the vice
president authorized to exercise the authority of the president
in case of

 
162



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 173/217

Table of Contents

majority of the outstanding common stock entitled to vote generally
in the election of directors. Special meetings of stockholders shall be
held at such time and any such place as the board of directors may
fix by resolution or as set forth in the notice of the meeting;
provided, however, that any special meeting called by stockholders
shall comply with the notice, administrative and other requirements
set forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws.   

the president’s absence, death or disability, (2) resolution of the
board of directors or (3) resolution of the holders of at least
one-half of the outstanding voting power of the corporation.

Shareholder Proposals

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that a
stockholder proposal must be properly brought before the meeting of
stockholders and may only be brought by any stockholder of
Hawaiian Telcom (1) who is a stockholder of record on the date of
the giving of the notice provided for below and on the record date for
the determination of stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at,
such meeting and (2) who complies with the notice procedures
described below.
 

For a stockholder proposal to be properly brought before any
meeting of stockholders by a stockholder, such stockholder must
have given timely notice thereof in proper written form to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Secretary. To be timely, a stockholder’s notice to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Secretary must be delivered to or mailed and received at
Hawaiian Telcom’s principal executive offices of the corporation not
less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the anniversary
date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders;
provided, however, that in the event that the annual meeting is called
for a date that is not within 30 days before or after such anniversary
date, notice by the stockholder in order to be timely must be so
received not later than the close of business on the tenth day
following the day on which such notice of the date of the annual
meeting was mailed or such public disclosure of the date of the
annual meeting was made, whichever first occurs. To be in proper
written form, a stockholder’s notice to Hawaiian Telcom’s Secretary
must set forth certain information and representations for each matter
such stockholder proposes to bring before the meeting, as more
particularly set forth in the amended and restated bylaws.
 

In addition, in accordance with SEC Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange
Act, stockholder proposals intended to be included in the proxy
statement and presented at a regularly scheduled annual meeting
must be received by Hawaiian Telcom at its principal executive
offices at   

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation and amended and restated regulations do not
address shareholder proposals, and the OGCL does not provide
shareholders with any specific rights to make shareholder
proposals.
 

In accordance with SEC Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act,
shareholder proposals intended to be included in the proxy
statement and presented at a regularly scheduled annual
meeting must be received by Cincinnati Bell at its principal
executive offices at least 120 days before the anniversary of the
date that the previous year’s proxy statement was first mailed
to shareholders. However, if the annual meeting date has been
changed by more than 30 days from the date of the prior year’s
meeting, or for special meetings, the proposal must be
submitted within a reasonable time before Cincinnati Bell
begins to print and mail its proxy materials. Any such
shareholder proposal must comply with all other applicable
procedural requirements of SEC Rule 14a-8, and may be
excluded from the proxy statement on any of the bases
specified in Rule 14a-8, including if such proposal seeks to
include a director nomination in Cincinnati Bell’s proxy
statement.
 
 
 

 
163



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 174/217

Table of Contents

least 120 days before the anniversary of the date that the previous
year’s proxy statement was first mailed to stockholders. However, if
the annual meeting date has been changed by more than 30 days
from the date of the prior year’s meeting, or for special meetings, the
proposal must be submitted within a reasonable time before
Hawaiian Telcom begins to print and mail its proxy materials. Any
such stockholder proposal must comply with all other applicable
procedural requirements of SEC Rule 14a-8, and may be excluded
from the proxy statement on any of the bases specified in Rule 14a-
8, including if such proposal seeks to include a director nomination
in Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy statement.
 

If the chairman of a meeting of stockholders determines that
business was not properly brought before the meeting in accordance
with the procedures set forth in Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and
restated bylaws, the chairman shall declare to the meeting that the
business was not properly brought before the meeting and such
business shall not be transacted. Unless otherwise required by law, if
the stockholder (or a qualified representative of the stockholder)
proposing business does not appear at the annual or special meeting
of stockholders to present the proposed business, such proposed
business shall not be transacted, notwithstanding that proxies in
respect of such vote may have been received by Hawaiian Telcom.   

Action by Written Consent

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that any action required or permitted to be taken by the
stockholders must be effected at a duly called annual or special
meeting and may not be effected by a written consent of
stockholders.

  

Under the OGCL, Cincinnati Bell shareholders may take
action, without a meeting, by the written unanimous consent of
shareholders who would be entitled to notice of a shareholder
meeting held for such purpose. Otherwise, shareholders are
able to take action only at an annual or special meeting called
in accordance with Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated
regulations.

Notice of Shareholder Meetings

Under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, written
notice of each annual and special meeting of stockholders, other than
any meeting the giving of notice of which is otherwise prescribed by
law, stating the place, date and hour of the meeting, and, in the case
of a special meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting
is called, shall be delivered or mailed, in writing, at least ten but not
more than 60 days before the date of such meeting, to each
stockholder entitled to vote thereat. If mailed, such notice shall be
deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid,   

Under the OGCL, Cincinnati Bell shareholders are entitled to
written notice stating the time, place, if any, and purposes of a
meeting of the shareholders, and the means, if any, by which
shareholders can be present and vote at the meeting through the
use of communications equipment. Notice shall be given either
by personal delivery or by mail, overnight delivery service, or
any other means of communication authorized by the
shareholder to whom the notice is given, not less than seven
nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting

 
164



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 175/217

Table of Contents

directed to such stockholder at the address as the same appears on
the records of Hawaiian Telcom. Notice given by electronic
transmission shall be effective (1) if by facsimile, when faxed to a
number where the stockholder has consented to receive notice; (2) if
by electronic mail, when mailed electronically to an electronic mail
address at which the stockholder has consented to receive such
notice; (3) if by posting on an electronic network together with a
separate notice of such posting, upon the later to occur of the posting
or the giving of separate notice of the posting; or (4) if by other form
of electronic communication, when directed to the stockholder in the
manner consented to by the stockholder.

  

unless Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation or amended and restated regulations specify a
longer period: (1) to every shareholder of record entitled to
notice of the meeting; (2) by or at the direction of the president
or the secretary of the corporation or any other person required
or permitted by the regulations to give that notice.
 

If mailed or sent by overnight delivery service, the notice shall
be sent to the shareholder at the shareholder’s address as it
appears on the records of the corporation. If sent by another
means of communication authorized by the shareholder, the
notice shall be sent to the address furnished by the shareholder
for those transmissions. Notice of adjournment of a meeting
need not be given if the time and place, if any, to which it is
adjourned and the means, if any, by which shareholders can be
present and vote at the adjourned meeting through the use of
communications equipment are fixed and announced at the
meeting.

Quorum at Shareholders Meetings

Under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, at any
meeting of stockholders, except as otherwise expressly required by
law or by Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation, the holders of record of at least a majority of the
outstanding shares of capital stock entitled to vote or act at such
meeting shall be present or represented by proxy in order to
constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business, but less than
a quorum shall have power to adjourn any meeting until a quorum
shall be present. Shares of Hawaiian Telcom capital stock owned by
Hawaiian Telcom or by another corporation, if a majority of the
shares of such other corporation entitled to vote in the election of
directors is held by Hawaiian Telcom, shall not be counted for
quorum purposes or entitled to vote. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
when specified business is to be voted on by a class or series voting
separately as a class or series, the holders of a majority of the voting
power of the shares of such class or series shall constitute a quorum
for the transaction of such business for the purposes of taking action
on such business.   

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations provide that
at all meetings of shareholders the holders of a majority of the
shares issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at such
meeting, present in person or by proxy, shall constitute a
quorum, but no action required by law, Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation or Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated regulations to be authorized or
taken by the holders of a designated proportion of the shares of
any particular class or of each class may be authorized or taken
by a lesser proportion.

Shareholder Rights Plan

Hawaiian Telcom does not have a stockholder rights plan in effect.
  

Cincinnati Bell does not have a shareholder rights plan in
effect.

 
165



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 176/217

Table of Contents

Anti-Takeover Provisions and Other Shareholder Protections

Section 203 of the DGCL generally prohibits a Delaware corporation
from engaging in any “business combination” (as defined below)
with any “interested stockholder” (as defined below) for a period of
three years following the date that such stockholder became an
interested stockholder, unless: (1) prior to such date, the board of
directors of the corporation approved either the business
combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder
becoming an interested stockholder; (2) upon consummation of the
transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested
stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85% of the
voting stock of the corporation outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, excluding for purposes of determining the
number of shares outstanding those shares owned (a) by persons who
are directors and also officers and (b) by employee stock plans in
which employee participants do not have the right to determine
confidentially whether shares held subject to the plan will be
tendered in a tender or exchange offer; or (3) on or subsequent to
such date, the business combination is approved by the board of
directors and authorized at an annual or special meeting of
stockholders, and not by written consent, by the affirmative vote of
at least 66  2⁄3% of the outstanding voting stock that is not owned by
the interested stockholder.
 

Section 203 of the DGCL defines “business combination” to include:
(1) any merger or consolidation involving the corporation or any
direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation and
the interested stockholder; (2) any sale, transfer, pledge or other
disposition of 10% or more of either the aggregate market value of
all of the assets of the corporation or the aggregate market value of
all of the outstanding stock of the corporation involving the
interested stockholder; (3) subject to certain exceptions, any
transaction that results in the issuance or transfer by the corporation
or any direct or indirect majority-owned subsidiary of the
corporation of any stock of the corporation or of such subsidiary to
the interested stockholder; (4) subject to certain exceptions, any
transaction involving the corporation or any direct or indirect
majority-owned subsidiary of the corporation that has the effect of
increasing the proportionate share of the stock of any class or series
of the corporation or of any such subsidiary beneficially owned by
the interested stockholder; or (5) the receipt by the interested
stockholder of the benefit of any loans, advances, guarantees,
pledges or other financial benefits

  

The OGCL prohibits any transaction, such as mergers,
consolidations, combinations or majority share acquisitions
between an Ohio corporation and an “interested shareholder”,
including an affiliate or associate of such interested shareholder
(referred to as a “Chapter 1704 transaction”), for a period of
three years from the date on which a shareholder first becomes
an interested shareholder unless, prior to the interested
shareholder’s share acquisition, the directors of the corporation
approved the transaction or approved the purchase of shares by
the interested shareholder. Under Chapter 1704 of the OGCL,
an “interested shareholder” is defined generally as any person
who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns 10% or more of
the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. After such
three-year period, a Chapter 1704 transaction is prohibited
unless certain fair price provisions are complied with, the
directors of the corporation approved the purchase of shares
which made the shareholder an interested shareholder, or the
shareholders of the corporation approve the transaction by the
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the voting power of
the corporation or such other percentage set forth in Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles provided that a majority of
the disinterested shareholders approve the transaction.
 

Additionally, the OGCL generally prohibits transactions
pursuant to which a person obtains one-fifth or more but less
than one-third of all the voting power of a corporation, one-
third or more but less than a majority of all of the voting power
of a corporation, or a majority or more of all the voting power
of a corporation (a “control share acquisition”), unless the
shareholders approve the transaction at a special meeting, at
which a quorum is present, by both the affirmative vote of a
majority of the voting power of the corporation and by the
affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the
corporation excluding the voting power of interested shares. A
corporation can provide in its articles of incorporation or
regulations that the OGCL provisions will not apply to control
share acquisitions of shares of such corporation. Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles of incorporation and
amended and restated regulations do not contain such a
provision.
 

In addition to the foregoing statutory requirements, Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles

 
166



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 177/217

Table of Contents

provided by or through the corporation or any direct or indirect
majority-owned subsidiary. In general, Section 203 defines an
“interested stockholder” as any entity or person beneficially owning
15% or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation or is
an affiliate or associate of the corporation and was the owner of 15%
or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation at any
time within the three-year period immediately prior to the date on
which it is sought to be determined whether such person is an
interested stockholder.
 

Pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
Hawaiian Telcom has elected to be governed by Section 203 of the
DGCL.   

require holders of at least 80% of Cincinnati Bell’s outstanding
common shares and voting preferred shares, voting as a single
class, to approve any business combination with an interested
shareholder, unless either a majority of Cincinnati Bell’s
continuing directors unaffiliated with the interested shareholder
approve the business combination or the business combination
satisfies certain fair price provisions set forth in Cincinnati
Bell’s amended and restated articles and a proxy or information
statement describing the business combination compliant with
the Exchange Act is mailed to all shareholders 30 days prior to
the completion of the transaction.

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
authorizes Hawaiian Telcom to indemnify its directors and officers,
as well as its employees and agents, to the fullest extent permissible
under Delaware law.
 

Pursuant to its amended and restated bylaws, Hawaiian Telcom shall
indemnify any director or “executive officer” (as such term is
defined in Rule 405 under the Securities Act) of Hawaiian Telcom,
and may indemnify any employee or agent of Hawaiian Telcom who
was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to, or testifies in,
any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, by
reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer,
employee or agent of Hawaiian Telcom, or is or was serving at the
request of Hawaiian Telcom as a director, officer, employee or agent
of another entity, against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees),
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection with
such action, suit or proceeding if the person acted in good faith and
in a manner the person reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed
to, the best interests of Hawaiian Telcom, and, with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe the
person’s conduct was unlawful, to the fullest extent permitted by law
as the same exists or may hereafter be amended; provided, however,
that, except with respect to proceedings to enforce rights to
indemnification, Hawaiian Telcom shall indemnify any such
indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated
by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was
authorized by the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors of Hawaiian
Telcom. Under Section 145 of the DGCL, a

  

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL permits a corporation to
indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to
be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding, or is or was serving at the request of
the corporation as a director or officer of another entity,
because the person is or was a director or officer, against
expenses, judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
actually and reasonably incurred by the director or officer in
connection with the suit, action or proceeding if (1) the director
or officer acted in good faith and in a manner the director or
officer reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best
interests of the corporation, and (2) with respect to any
criminal action or proceeding, the director or officer had no
reasonable cause to believe the director’s or officer’s conduct
was unlawful. In the case of an action by or in the right of the
corporation, however, such indemnification may only apply to
expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the person in
connection with the defense or settlement of such action and no
such indemnification may be made if either (1) the director or
officer has been adjudged to be liable for negligence or
misconduct in the performance of the director’s or officer’s
duty to the corporation, unless and only to the extent that the
court in which the proceeding was brought determines that the
director or officer is fairly and reasonably entitled to
indemnification for such expenses as the court deems proper, or
(2) the only liability asserted against a director in a proceeding
relates to the director’s approval of an impermissible dividend,
distribution, redemption or loan. The OGCL further provides
that to the extent a director or officer has been successful on
the merits or otherwise

 
167



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 178/217

Table of Contents

corporation must indemnify a present or former director or officer
who successfully defends himself or herself in a proceeding to which
he or she was a party because he or she was a director or officer of
the corporation against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually
and reasonably incurred by him or her in connection therewith.
 

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws further provide that
expenses incurred by a director, officer, employee or agent in
defending or testifying in an action, suit or proceeding shall (in the
case of a director or executive officer of Hawaiian Telcom) and may
(in the case of an employee or agent of Hawaiian Telcom) be paid by
Hawaiian Telcom in advance of the final disposition of such action,
suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of
such director, executive officer, employee or agent to repay such
amount if it shall ultimately be determined by final judicial decision
from which there is no further right to appeal that such person is not
entitled to be indemnified by Hawaiian Telcom against such
expenses.

  

in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to above,
the corporation must indemnify the director or officer against
expenses actually and reasonably incurred by the director or
officer in connection with the action, suit or proceeding.
 

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL permits a corporation to pay
expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a director,
officer, employee or agent as they are incurred, in advance of
the final disposition of the action, suit or proceeding, as
authorized by the corporation’s directors and upon receipt of an
undertaking by such person to repay such amount if it is
ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to
indemnification.
 

Chapter 1701.13(E) of the OGCL states that the
indemnification provided thereby is not exclusive of, and is in
addition to, any other rights granted to persons seeking
indemnification under a corporation’s articles or regulations,
any agreement, a vote of the corporation’s shareholders or
disinterested directors, or otherwise. In addition, Chapter
1701.13(E) of the OGCL grants express power to a corporation
to purchase and maintain insurance or furnish similar
protection, including trust funds, letters of credit and self-
insurance, for director, officer, employee or agent liability,
regardless of whether that individual is otherwise eligible for
indemnification by the corporation.
 

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations require the
corporation, to the fullest extent permitted under the OGCL, to
indemnify all persons whom it may indemnify pursuant
thereunder.

Amendments to Articles/Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws/Regulations

Under Section 242 of the DGCL, a corporation’s certificate of
incorporation may be amended only if the proposed amendment is
adopted and declared advisable by the board of directors and, unless
the amendment adversely affects a class of non-voting shares, the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock entitled to
vote.
 

Under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation and amended and restated bylaws, except as otherwise
provided therein (including as described below), the board of
directors, by affirmative vote of a majority of the whole board of
directors, is expressly authorized to adopt, amend or repeal any or all
of Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws. Except as
otherwise provided in   

Section 1701.71(a) of the OGCL provides that, subject to
certain exceptions, the shareholders of an Ohio corporation, at
a meeting held for that purpose, may adopt an amendment to
the corporation’s articles (1) by the affirmative vote of the
holders of shares entitling them to exercise two-thirds of the
voting power of the corporation on the proposal or, if the
articles provide or permit, by the affirmative vote of a greater
or lesser proportion, but not less than a majority, of such voting
power, and (2) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares
of any particular class that is required by the articles.
 

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation provide for certain limited exceptions to the
general voting standard set forth in Section

 
168



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 179/217

Table of Contents

Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(including as described below), the amended and restated bylaws
may also be adopted, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the shares of Hawaiian Telcom entitled to vote
generally in elections of directors that are present at a duly called
annual or special meeting of stockholders at which a quorum is
present. Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of
incorporation further provides that Articles VI, VII and VIII of
Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated certificate of incorporation
and Sections 2.2, 2.7, 3.2, 3.5, 3.6, 3.7, 3.8, and 7.12 of Hawaiian
Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws may not be repealed or
amended in any respect unless such action is approved by the
affirmative vote of a majority of all shares of Hawaiian Telcom
entitled to vote generally in elections of directors. Additionally, the
provisions set forth in Sections 2.6, 2.8, 2.9, and 3.4 of Hawaiian
Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws may not be repealed or
amended in any respect unless the action is approved by both the
affirmative vote of a majority of the whole board of directors and the
affirmative vote of a majority of all shares of Hawaiian Telcom
entitled to vote generally in elections of directors. Hawaiian
Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws provide that any repeal or
modification of the provisions of Article VI of Hawaiian Telcom’s
amended and restated bylaws shall not adversely affect any right or
protection under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws of
a director, executive officer, employee or agent of Hawaiian Telcom
in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is
first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related
to, any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or
modification.

  

1701.71(a) of the OGCL, including in connection with
amendments to the provisions of Cincinnati Bell’s amended
and restated articles of incorporation related to preferred
shares, which are described under the section titled
“Description of Cincinnati Bell Capital Stock—Preferred
Shares” beginning on page 155. In addition, Cincinnati Bell’s
amended and restated articles of incorporation provide that the
affirmative vote of the holders of at least 80% of the then
outstanding voting shares, voting as a single class at a meeting
of shareholders called for such purpose, is required to amend,
repeal or adopt provisions inconsistent with the business
combination provisions set forth in Cincinnati Bell’s amended
and restated articles of incorporation, which are described
under the section titled “Description of Cincinnati Bell Capital
Stock—Anti-takeover Effects of Ohio Law, Cincinnati Bell’s
Amended and Restated Articles and Cincinnati Bell’s
Amended and Restated Regulations—Business Combination
Provision in Amended and Restated Articles” beginning on
page 157, unless the Cincinnati Bell board of directors has
recommended such amendment, repeal or adoption and no
person is known by the Cincinnati Bell board of directors to be
an interested shareholder, in which case the affirmative vote of
the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding voting
shares, voting as a single class at a meeting of shareholders, is
required.
 

Section 17.01.11 of the OGCL provides that regulations for the
government of an Ohio corporation may be adopted, amended
or repealed, among other circumstances, by the shareholders at
a meeting held for that purpose, by the affirmative vote of the
holders of shares entitling them to exercise a majority of the
voting power of the corporation on the proposal, or if the
articles or regulations that have been adopted so provide, by
the affirmative vote of the holders entitling them to exercise a
greater proportion than a majority of the voting power of the
corporation on the proposal.
 

Pursuant to Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations,
Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations may be
altered, amended or repealed only by the affirmative vote of the
holders of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting power
of the corporation voting as a single class at a meeting of
shareholders called for such purpose, unless such alteration,
amendment or repeal is recommended by the affirmative vote
of at least two-thirds of the whole authorized number of
directors, in which case

 
169



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 180/217

Table of Contents

  

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated regulations may be
altered, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding voting power of the
corporation voting as a single class at a meeting of
shareholders called for such purpose.

Appraisal Rights

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of
the adoption of the merger agreement, who continuously hold their
shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock through the effective time
and who properly demand appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock in compliance with the requirements of
Section 262 of the DGCL will be entitled to exercise appraisal rights
in connection with the merger under Section 262. This means that
holders of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock who may
exercise appraisal rights and who also have properly exercised,
perfected and not lost those appraisal rights are entitled to have their
shares appraised by the Delaware Court of Chancery and to receive
payment in cash of the “fair value” of their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising
from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with
interest (subject to certain exceptions) to be paid on the amount
determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the Delaware
Court of Chancery, so long as those holders comply exactly with the
procedures established by Section 262.
 

Due to the complexity of the appraisal process, stockholders who
wish to seek appraisal of their shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel
with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights. Stockholders
considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value
of their shares as determined pursuant to Section 262 could be
more than, the same as or less than the value of the merger
consideration.
 

To perfect their appraisal rights, Hawaiian Telcom stockholders must
follow exactly the procedures specified under Section 262,
including, (i) delivering a written demand for appraisal that complies
with Section 262 to Hawaiian Telcom before the vote is taken on the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement; (ii) not submitting a proxy
or otherwise voting in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement; and (iii) continuing to hold their shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock of record through the effective time. A   

Under the OGCL, dissenting shareholders of an Ohio
corporation being merged into or consolidated with another
corporation are entitled to appraisal rights, which is the right to
dissent from certain corporate actions and demand payment of
the fair cash value of their shares. In some circumstances,
shareholders of an acquiring corporation are also entitled to
appraisal rights in connection with a merger, combination or
majority share acquisition in which those shareholders are
entitled to voting rights. The OGCL provides shareholders of
an acquiring corporation with voting rights if the acquisition
involves the transfer of shares of the acquiring corporation
entitling the recipients of those shares to exercise one-sixth or
more of the voting power of the acquiring corporation after the
consummation of the transaction. However, appraisal rights are
not available to shareholders of an acquiring corporation if the
shares entitling those shareholders to vote are listed on an
exchange both as of the day immediately preceding the date of
the special meeting to approve the agreement of merger and
immediately following the effective time of the merger.

 
170



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 181/217

Table of Contents

stockholder’s failure to follow exactly the procedures specified under
Section 262 will result in the loss of his, her or its appraisal rights. If
a stockholder holds shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
through a broker, bank, trustee or other nominee and wishes to
exercise appraisal rights, such stockholder should consult with his,
her or its broker, bank, trustee or other nominee to determine the
appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by
such broker, bank, trustee or nominee. The Section 262 requirements
for exercising appraisal rights are described in further detail in this
proxy statement/prospectus in the section titled “The Merger—
Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 118, and Section 262 regarding
appraisal rights is reproduced and attached as Annex D to this proxy
statement/prospectus. This proxy statement/prospectus constitutes a
formal notice of appraisal rights under Section 262 in connection
with the merger.   

Forum for Adjudication of Disputes

Under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, unless
Hawaiian Telcom, in writing, selects or consents to the selection of
an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for any current or
former stockholder (including any current or beneficial owner) to
bring internal corporate claims (as defined below), to the fullest
extent permitted by law, and subject to applicable jurisdictional
requirements, shall be the Delaware Court of Chancery (or, if the
Delaware Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, the Superior
Court of the State of Delaware (Complex Commercial Division) or,
if such court does not have jurisdiction, the United States District
Court for the District of Delaware). For the purposes of this
provision, “internal corporate claims” means claims, including
claims in the right of Hawaiian Telcom: (1) that are based upon a
violation of a duty by a current or former director, officer or
stockholder in such capacity, or (2) as to which the DGCL confers
jurisdiction upon the Delaware Court of Chancery.   

Cincinnati Bell’s amended and restated articles of
incorporation and amended and restated regulations do not
address forum selection for the adjudication of disputes.

 
171



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 182/217

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is based on the historical consolidated financial
statements of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom, combined and adjusted to give effect to the merger, including the financing
structure established to effect the merger.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30, 2017 assumes that the merger had been completed on
June 30, 2017 and combines Cincinnati Bell’s June 30, 2017 unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet with Hawaiian Telcom’s
June 30, 2017 unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the six months
ended June 30, 2017 assume that the merger had been completed on January 1, 2016. Cincinnati Bell’s audited consolidated statement
of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 has been combined with Hawaiian Telcom’s audited consolidated statement
of income for the year ended December 31, 2016 and Cincinnati Bell’s unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for
the six months ended June 30, 2017 has been combined with Hawaiian Telcom’s unaudited condensed consolidated statement of
income for the six months ended June 30, 2017.

The historical consolidated financial information has been adjusted in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information to give effect to pro forma events that are (1) directly attributable to the merger, (2) factually supportable, and (3) with
respect to the statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results. Accordingly, the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information does not reflect any synergies that could result from the merger, including any cost
savings, or the associated costs to achieve such synergies. Furthermore, the impact from merger-related expenses is not included in the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations. However, the impact of these expenses is reflected in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as a decrease to cash and cash equivalents and a corresponding decrease to retained
earnings.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes
to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. In addition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information was based on and should be read in conjunction with the following historical consolidated financial statements
and accompanying notes of Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom for the applicable dates and periods, which are incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement/prospectus:
 

 
•  Audited consolidated historical financial statements of Cincinnati Bell as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016 and

the related notes included in Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016;
 

 
•  Audited consolidated historical financial statements of Hawaiian Telcom as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016

and the related notes included in Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016;
 

 
•  Unaudited condensed consolidated historical financial statements of Cincinnati Bell as of and for the six months ended

June 30, 2017 and the related notes included in Cincinnati Bell’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 30, 2017; and

 

 
•  Unaudited condensed consolidated historical financial statements of Hawaiian Telcom as of and for the six months ended

June 30, 2017 and the related notes included in Hawaiian Telcom’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended
June 30, 2017.

 
172



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 183/217

Table of Contents

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is presented for informational purposes only. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined information is not necessarily indicative of what the combined financial position or results of
operations actually would have been had the merger been completed as of the assumed dates or for the periods presented. In addition,
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not purport to project the combined financial position or
operating results for any future period. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is subject to risks and
uncertainties, including those discussed in the section of this proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 40
of this proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been prepared using the acquisition method of
accounting for business combinations under accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP standards.
Acquisition accounting is dependent on certain valuations and other analyses that have yet to progress to a stage where there is
sufficient information for a definitive measurement. In particular, Cincinnati Bell is the acquirer for accounting purposes. Cincinnati
Bell has not had sufficient time to completely evaluate the fair values of the tangible and identifiable intangible assets of Hawaiian
Telcom, the liabilities to be assumed and the related allocation of purchase price, nor has it identified all adjustments necessary to
conform Hawaiian Telcom’s accounting policies to Cincinnati Bell’s accounting policies. Additionally, the value of the portion of the
per share merger consideration to be paid in shares of Cincinnati Bell common shares will be determined based on the trading price of
Cincinnati Bell common shares at the time of the completion of the merger. Accordingly, the pro forma adjustments, including the
allocations of the purchase price, are very preliminary, have been made solely for the purpose of providing unaudited pro forma
condensed combined financial information and may be revised as additional information becomes available and additional analysis is
performed. Differences between these very preliminary estimates and the final acquisition accounting could have a material impact on
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information or the combined financial position or operating results for any
future period.

For the avoidance of doubt, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has not been adjusted to give
effect to the OnX acquisition (including any financing in respect thereof). Had the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information been adjusted to give effect to the OnX acquisition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
would differ in several important respects from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included herein.
Accordingly, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is not indicative of what the combined financial
position or results of operations actually would have been had the merger and the OnX acquisition been completed as of the assumed
dates or for the periods presented. In addition, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not purport to
project the combined financial position or operating results for any future period following the completion of the OnX acquisition. See
“The OnX Acquisition” beginning on page 147 of this proxy statement/prospectus for a more detailed description of the OnX
acquisition.
 

173



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 184/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet
June 30, 2017

(Values in millions, except share amounts)
 

   Cincinnati Bell  
Hawaiian

Telcom   Reclassifications  
Pro Forma

Adjustments  

Pro
Forma

Combined  
Assets:       
Current assets       
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 58.2  $ 25.9  $ —    $ (223.9)A  $ 5.0 

      144.8 B  
Receivables, less allowances of $9.7, $3.8 and $13.5    166.5   28.0   —     —     194.5 
Inventory, materials and supplies    23.4   7.1   —     —     30.5 
Prepaid expenses    19.9   5.9   —     —     25.8 
Other current assets    5.3   7.3   —     —     12.6 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total current assets    273.3   74.2   —     (79.1)   268.4 
Property, plant and equipment, net    1,111.7   601.3   —     —     1,713.0 
Goodwill    18.6   12.1   —     (12.1)C   124.7 

      106.1 D  
Intangibles    —     31.9   1.2   (31.9)E   54.2 

      53.0 F  
Deferred income taxes, net    55.1   88.5   —     (40.2)G   103.4 
Other noncurrent assets    23.0   2.5   (1.2)   (1.6)H   26.4 

      3.7 I  
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total assets   $ 1,481.7  $ 810.5  $ —    $ (2.1)  $ 2,290.1 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Liabilities and Shareowners’ Deficit:       
Current liabilities       
Current portion of long-term debt   $ 10.8  $ 10.3   0.5  $ (10.3)J  $ 11.3 
Accounts payable    121.5   47.9   —     —     169.4 
Accrued expenses    —     10.4   (10.4)   —     —   
Unearned revenue and customer deposits    33.4   15.1   —     —     48.5 
Accrued taxes    12.2   —     0.9   —     13.1 
Accrued interest    21.8   —     1.4   (2.5)K   20.7 
Accrued payroll and benefits    27.3   —     8.1   —     35.4 
Other current liabilities    34.9   6.8   (0.5)   —     41.2 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total current liabilities    261.9   90.5   —     (12.8)   339.6 
Long-term debt, less current portion    1,116.1   303.6   0.5   (309.7)J   1,606.4 

      6.1 L  
      (313.0)M  
      802.8 N  

Pension and postretirement benefit obligations    190.2   85.4   —     —     275.6 
Other noncurrent liabilities    37.5   17.3   (0.5)   —     54.3 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total liabilities    1,605.7   496.8   —     173.4   2,275.9 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Shareowners’ deficit       
Preferred stock    129.4   —     —     —     129.4 
Common shares    0.4   0.1   —     —     0.5 
Additional paid-in capital    2,568.5   181.2   —     (181.2)O   2,726.4

      157.9 P  
Accumulated (deficit) equity    (2,669.6)   155.2   —     (155.2)O   (2,689.4) 

      (16.0)Q  
      (1.6)H  
      (2.8)M  
      0.6 R  

Accumulated other comprehensive loss    (152.7)   (22.8)   —     22.8 O   (152.7) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total shareowners’ (deficit) equity    (124.0)   313.7   —     (175.5)   14.2 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Total liabilities and shareowners’ (deficit) equity   $ 1,481.7  $ 810.5  $ —    $ (2.1)  $ 2,290.1 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information which are an integral part of this
information. The pro forma adjustments are explained in “Note 4—Preliminary Pro Forma Adjustments Related to the Merger”.
 

174



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 185/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations
Year Ended December 31, 2016

(Values in millions, except share amounts)
 
   Cincinnati Bell  

Hawaiian
Telcom    Reclassifications  

Pro Forma
Adjustments  

Pro Forma
Combined  

Revenue        
Services   $ 978.7  $ 393.0   $ (12.4)  $ —    $ 1,359.3 
Products    207.1   —      12.4   —     219.5 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenue    1,185.8   393.0    —     —     1,578.8 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Costs and expenses        
Cost of services, excluding items below    506.4   165.9    (9.2)   —     663.1 
Cost of products sold, excluding items below    172.5   —      9.2   —     181.7 
Selling, general and administrative    218.7   118.4    —     —     337.1 
Depreciation and amortization    182.2   89.9    —     (2.1)AA   277.7 

       7.7 BB  
Restructuring and severance related charges (reversals)    11.9   —      —     —     11.9 
Other    1.1   —      —     —     1.1 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating costs and expenses    1,092.8   374.2    —     5.6   1,472.6 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Operating income    93.0   18.8    —     (5.6)   106.2 
Interest expense    75.7   17.1    —     (16.1)CC   105.5 

       (23.8)DD  
       51.9 EE  
       0.7 FF  

Loss on extinguishment of debt, net    19.0   —      —     (3.9)GG   15.1 
Gain on sale of CyrusOne investment    (157.0)   —      —     —     (157.0) 

Other income, net    (7.6)   —      —     —     (7.6) 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Income from continuing operations before income taxes    162.9   1.7    —     (14.4)   150.2 
Income tax expense    61.1   0.6    —     (5.4)JJ   56.3 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Income from continuing operations    101.8   1.1    —     (9.0)   93.9 
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax    0.3   —      —     —     0.3 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Net income    102.1   1.1    —     (9.0)   94.2 
Preferred stock dividends    10.4   —      —     —     10.4 

    
 

   
 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Net income applicable to common shareowners   $ 91.7  $ 1.1   $ —    $ (9.0)  $ 83.8 
    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

   

 

Basic net earnings per common share        
Basic earnings per common share from continuing

operations   $ 2.17  $ 0.10   $ —    $ —    $ 1.68 
Basic earnings per common share from discontinued

operations   $ 0.01  $ —     $ —    $ —    $ 0.01 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Basic net earnings per common share   $ 2.18  $ 0.10   $ —    $ —    $ 1.69 
    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

   

 

Diluted net earnings per common share        
Diluted earnings per common share from continuing

operations   $ 2.17  $ 0.10   $ —    $ —    $ 1.68 
Diluted earnings per common share from discontinued

operations   $ 0.01  $ —     $ —    $ —    $ 0.01 
    

 
   

 
    

 
   

 
   

 

Diluted net earnings per common share   $ 2.18  $ 0.10   $ —    $ —    $ 1.69 
    

 

   

 

    

 

   

 

   

 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding (millions)        
Basic    42.0   11.5    —     7.9 KK   49.9 
Diluted    42.1   11.6    —     7.9 KK   50.0 

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information which are an integral part of this
information. The pro forma adjustments are explained in “Note 4—Preliminary Pro Forma Adjustments Related to the Merger”.
 

175



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 186/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell Inc.

Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations
Six Months Ended June 30, 2017

(Values in millions, except share amounts)
 
  Cincinnati Bell  

Hawaiian
Telcom   Reclassifications  

Pro Forma
Adjustments  

Pro Forma
Combined  

Revenue      
Services  $ 490.5  $ 185.8  $ (4.9)  $ —    $ 671.4 
Products   81.7   —     4.9   —     86.6 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenue   572.2   185.8   —     —     758.0 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Costs and expenses      
Cost of services, excluding items below   252.2   81.4   (3.8)   —     329.8 
Cost of products sold, excluding items

below   68.0   —     3.8   —     71.8 
Selling, general and administrative   112.1   58.0   (1.7)   —     168.4 
Depreciation and amortization   92.8   43.0   —     (0.9)AA   140.3 

     5.4 BB  
Restructuring and severance related

charges   29.2   —     1.7   —     30.9 
Other   2.3   —     —     (0.4)HH   1.9 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating costs and expenses   556.6   182.4   —     4.1   743.1 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Operating income   15.6   3.4   —     (4.1)   14.9 
Interest expense   36.1   7.8   —     (7.5)CC   55.5 

     (7.2)DD  
     25.9 EE  
     0.4 FF  

Loss on extinguishment of debt, net   —     4.8   —     (4.8)II   —   
Gain on sale of CyrusOne investment   (117.7)   —     —     —     (117.7) 
Other income, net   (1.0)   —     —     —     (1.0) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income (loss) from continuing operations
before income taxes   98.2   (9.2)   —     (10.9)   78.1 

Income tax expense (benefit)   35.7   (3.8)   —     (4.1)JJ   27.8 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income (loss) from continuing
operations   62.5   (5.4)   —     (6.8)   50.3 

Preferred stock dividends   5.2   —     —     —     5.2 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net income (loss) applicable to common
shareowners  $ 57.3  $ (5.4)  $   —    $ (6.8)  $ 45.1 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Basic net (loss) earnings per common
share  $ 1.36  $ (0.47)  $   —    $ —    $ 0.90 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Diluted net (loss) earnings per common
share  $ 1.35  $ (0.47)  $   —    $ —    $ 0.90 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Weighted-average common shares
outstanding (millions)      

Basic   42.1   11.6   —     7.9 KK   50.0 
Diluted   42.3   11.6   —     7.9 KK   50.2 

See the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information which are an integral part of this
information. The pro forma adjustments are explained in “Note 4—Preliminary Pro Forma Adjustments Related to the Merger”.
 

176



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 187/217

Table of Contents

Note 1—Description of Transaction and Basis of Presentation

On July 9, 2017, Cincinnati Bell, Hawaiian Telcom and Merger Sub entered into the merger agreement, pursuant to which, subject to
the terms and conditions set forth in the merger agreement, Hawaiian Telcom will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati
Bell. As a result of the merger, each share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
completion of the merger (other than excepted shares) will be converted into the right to receive, at the election of Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders, subject to proration as set forth in the merger agreement and described below:
 

 i. 1.6305 Cincinnati Bell common shares, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “share consideration”);
 

 
ii. 0.6522 Cincinnati Bell common shares and $18.45 in cash, without interest, plus cash in lieu of fractional shares (the “mixed

consideration”); or
 

 iii. $30.75 in cash, without interest (the “cash consideration”).

The total consideration to be paid to Hawaiian Telcom stockholders is subject to proration procedures that are designed to ensure that
the total amount of cash paid, and the total number of Cincinnati Bell common shares issued in the merger, as a whole, will equal as
nearly as practicable the total amount of cash and number of shares that would have been paid and issued if all of the Hawaiian Telcom
stockholders received the mixed consideration. Cincinnati Bell plans to pay the cash portion of the total consideration from cash on
hand and the proceeds of third-party debt financing, which may include some combination of senior secured credit facilities, senior
unsecured notes and Cincinnati Bell’s existing Accounts Receivable Securitization Facility (the “Receivables Facility”), as described
below. Cincinnati Bell entered into an amended and restated commitment letter (the “Commitment Letter”) with Morgan Stanley
Senior Funding, Inc. and certain other arrangers (collectively, the “Committed Parties”) on July 24, 2017. Pursuant to the Commitment
Letter, the Committed Parties committed to provide Cincinnati Bell with up to $1,130 million senior secured credit facilities, consisting
of (i) a $180 million revolving credit facility with a maturity of five years and (ii) term loan facilities in an aggregate amount equal to
$950 million with a maturity of seven years, to be made available to Cincinnati Bell to finance the merger and the OnX acquisition
upon the respective closings thereof, subject to certain terms and conditions set forth in the Commitment Letter, and for other purposes.

On October 2, 2017, Cincinnati Bell entered into a new credit agreement, consisting of a five-year $200 million senior secured
revolving credit facility (the “New Revolving Credit Facility”) (representing a $20 million increase to the commitments available under
the Commitment Letter) and a seven-year $600 million senior secured term loan facility (together, the “Credit Facilities”); provided
that, if more than $50 million in aggregate principal amount of Cincinnati Bell’s 7.00% senior notes due 2024 (or any permitted
refinancing thereof that does not extend the maturity date of the 7.00% senior notes due 2024 past the seventh anniversary of the
closing date of the term loan facilities) remains outstanding on April 15, 2024, the term loan facilities will mature on April 15, 2024.
The closing of the Credit Facilities reduced the aggregate amount of revolving commitments available under the Commitment Letter to
$0 and the amount of term loan commitments available under the Commitment Letter to $350 million. With respect to the $600 million
senior secured term loans incurred on October 2, 2017, this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not
give pro forma effect to the full amount of such term loans. Instead, this unaudited pro forma financial information gives pro forma
effect to the incurrence of $400 million in aggregate principal amount of such term loans, and does not give pro forma effect to the
incurrence of the remaining $200 million in aggregate principal amount, which excluded portion was used to finance the OnX
acquisition.

On September 22, 2017, Cincinnati Bell announced the pricing of a private offering of $350 million aggregate principal amount of
8.00% senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the “Notes”) by CB Escrow Corp., a wholly owned subsidiary of Cincinnati Bell. The offering
of Notes is expected to close on October 6, 2017, subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions. Upon the closing of the
offering of Notes, the amount of term loan commitments available under the Commitment Letter will be reduced to $0.
 

177



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 188/217

Table of Contents

Proceeds from the Credit Facilities and the expected issuance of Notes will be used, together with cash on hand and borrowings under
the Receivables Facility, to repay Hawaiian Telcom’s outstanding term loan and borrowings under its existing revolving credit facility
(“Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness”), refinance Cincinnati Bell’s existing revolving credit facility and term loan facility, pay
the cash portion of the consideration for the merger, pay the consideration for the OnX acquisition, pay fees and expenses incurred in
connection with the merger and the OnX acquisition and finance ongoing working capital and other general corporate needs.

The merger is reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information as being accounted for under the
acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combination, with Cincinnati Bell treated as the acquirer.
Under the acquisition method, the total estimated purchase price is calculated as described in Note 3. In accordance with ASC 805, the
assets acquired and the liabilities assumed have been measured at fair value based on various preliminary estimates. These estimates
are based on key assumptions related to the merger, including reviews of publicly disclosed allocations for other acquisitions in the
industry, Cincinnati Bell’s historical experience, data that was available through the public domain and Cincinnati Bell’s due diligence
review of Hawaiian Telcom’s business. Due to the fact that the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has
been prepared based on preliminary estimates, the final amounts recorded for the merger may differ materially from the information
presented herein. These estimates are subject to change pending further review of the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities
assumed. In addition, the final determination of the recognition and measurement of the identified assets acquired and liabilities
assumed will be based on the fair market value of actual net tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of Hawaiian Telcom at the
closing date of the merger.

For purposes of measuring the estimated fair value, where applicable, of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed as reflected in
the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, Cincinnati Bell has applied the guidance in ASC 820, Fair Value
Measurements and Disclosures, which Cincinnati Bell refers to as ASC 820, which establishes a framework for measuring fair value.
In accordance with ASC 820, fair value is an exit price and is defined as “the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to
transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date”. Under ASC 805, acquisition-related
transaction costs and acquisition-related restructuring charges are not included as components of consideration transferred but are
accounted for as expenses in the period in which the costs are incurred. For the periods presented, neither Cincinnati Bell nor Hawaiian
Telcom had yet incurred material transaction costs related to the merger.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information was prepared in accordance with GAAP in the United States and
pursuant to U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X Article 11, and presents the pro forma financial position and
results of operations of the consolidated companies based upon historical information after giving effect to the merger and adjustments
described in these footnotes. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of June 30, 2017 is presented as if the
merger had occurred on June 30, 2017; and the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended
December 31, 2016 and the six-month period ended June 30, 2017 combines the historical results of operations of Cincinnati Bell and
Hawaiian Telcom giving effect to the merger as if it had occurred on January 1, 2016.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does not reflect ongoing cost savings that Cincinnati Bell expects
to achieve as a result of the merger or Cincinnati Bell’s previously announced cost savings initiative or the costs necessary to achieve
these costs savings or synergies. In addition, as described above, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information
has not been adjusted to give effect to the OnX acquisition (including any financing in respect thereof).
 

178



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 189/217

Table of Contents

Note 2—Accounting Policies and Reclassifications

Cincinnati Bell performed certain procedures for the purpose of identifying any material differences in significant accounting policies
between Cincinnati Bell and Hawaiian Telcom, and any accounting adjustments that would be required in connection with adopting
uniform policies. Procedures performed by Cincinnati Bell involved a review of Hawaiian Telcom’s publicly disclosed summary of
significant accounting policies, including those disclosed in Hawaiian Telcom’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2016, and preliminary discussions with Hawaiian Telcom management regarding Hawaiian Telcom’s significant
accounting policies to identify material adjustments.

Upon completion of the merger, Cincinnati Bell will perform a detailed review of Hawaiian Telcom’s accounting policies. As a result
of that review, Cincinnati Bell may identify differences between the accounting policies of the two companies that, when conformed,
could have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements of the combined company.

Certain reclassifications have been made in the historical consolidated financial statements of Hawaiian Telcom in order to conform to
the presentation used in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information of Cincinnati Bell and are reflected in the
column “Reclassifications”. The reclassification adjustments on the balance sheet pertain to the following: (1) reclassification of capital
lease obligations from other current liabilities and other liabilities to current portion of long-term debt and long-term debt, less current;
and (2) disaggregating accrued taxes, accrued interest and accrued payroll and benefits from accrued expenses. The reclassification
adjustments on the statements of operations pertain to the following: (1) reclassification of product revenue from operating revenue;
(2) reclassification of cost of products sold from cost of revenues (exclusive of depreciation and amortization); and (3) reclassification
of restructuring charges from selling, general and administrative to restructuring and severance related charges. Upon completion of the
merger, further review of Hawaiian Telcom’s financial statements may result in additional revisions to Hawaiian Telcom’s historical
presentation to conform to Cincinnati Bell’s presentation.

Reclassifications on the Cincinnati Bell balance sheet have also been recorded in the Reclassifications column for reclassification of
intangible assets that were recorded in other noncurrent assets.

In March 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-09, Compensation—Stock Compensation, which simplifies various aspects related to how
share-based payments are accounted for and presented in the financial statements. The new guidance requires excess tax benefits and
tax deficiencies to be recorded in the income statement when the awards vest or are settled. In addition, cash flows related to excess tax
benefits will no longer be separately classified as a financing activity apart from other income tax cash flows. The standard also allows
companies to repurchase more of an employee’s shares for tax withholding purposes without triggering liability accounting, clarifies
that all cash payments made on an employee’s behalf for withheld shares should be presented as a financing activity on cash flow
statements, and provides an accounting policy election to account for forfeitures as they occur. The new standard was adopted effective
January 1, 2017.

The primary impact of adoption is the recognition of excess tax benefits in Cincinnati Bell’s provision for income taxes rather than
paid-in capital starting in the first quarter of fiscal year 2017. Additional amendments to the accounting for income taxes and minimum
statutory withholding tax requirements had no impact to retained earnings as of the date of adoption. Effective January 1, 2017,
Cincinnati Bell adopted a prospective company-wide policy change due to the change in accounting principle and now records
forfeitures as they are incurred on a go-forward basis. As a result of the change in accounting principle the cumulative-effect
adjustment to retained earnings to account for the accounting policy election was immaterial to the financial statements.

The presentation requirements for cash flows related to excess tax benefits were applied retrospectively and resulted in a decrease of
$0.1 million to net cash provided by operating activities and an increase of $0.1 million to net cash used in financing activities in both
the twelve months ended December 31, 2016 and 2015. The
 

179



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 190/217

Table of Contents

presentation requirements for cash flows related to employee taxes paid for withheld shares had no impact to any of the periods
presented in Cincinnati Bell’s consolidated cash flows statements since such cash flows have historically been presented as a financing
activity.

Note 3—Preliminary Consideration Transferred and Preliminary Fair Value of Net Assets Acquired

The merger has been accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805, which requires among
other things, that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be recognized at their acquisition date fair values, with any excess
consideration transferred over the estimated fair values of the identifiable net assets recorded as goodwill. In addition, ASC 805
establishes that the common stock issued to effect the merger be measured at the closing date of the merger at the end-current market
price.

Based on (1) the closing price of Cincinnati Bell’s common shares of $19.95 as of September 26, 2017, (2) the number of shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding as of August 8, 2017, (3) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock
potentially issuable in respect of RSUs under Hawaiian Telcom benefit and compensation plans between August 17, 2017 and the
closing date and (4) the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock potentially issuable in respect of Annual and Retention
Bonuses under Hawaiian Telcom benefit and compensation plans outstanding between August 17, 2017 and the closing date (which
aggregate number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock in clauses (2) through (4) equals the maximum number of shares of
Hawaiian Telcom common stock that could be outstanding as of the closing date), the estimated total consideration, less Hawaiian
Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness as of June 30, 2017 to be repaid in conjunction with the merger, is $381.8 million. At the effective time
of the merger, each issued and outstanding share of Hawaiian Telcom common stock (other than excepted shares) will be cancelled and
converted into the right to receive (1) share consideration; (2) mixed consideration; or (3) cash consideration.

The following is a preliminary estimate of the total consideration to be paid by Cincinnati Bell in the merger. The dollar amounts
included in the tables in Note 3 or Note 4 are presented in millions, except for per share amounts.
 

Cash portion of mixed consideration ($18.45 x 12,136,417 shares of Hawaiian Telcom
common stock)   $223.9 

Stock portion of mixed consideration ($19.95 x .6522 x 12,136,417 shares of Hawaiian
Telcom common stock)(a)    157.9 

    
 

Estimate of total consideration transferred(b)   $381.8 
    

 

 
(a) A 10% increase or decrease in the closing price of Cincinnati Bell’s common shares would have an impact of approximately

$16.0 million on the estimated total consideration transferred when the merger is completed.
(b) The estimated total consideration expected to be transferred reflected in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial

information does not purport to represent what the actual total consideration transferred will be when the merger is completed.
The fair value of equity securities issued as part of the total consideration transferred is required to be measured on the closing
date of the merger at the then current number of Hawaiian Telcom shares of common stock outstanding and RSUs that will vest
between August 17, 2017 and the closing date. This requirement will likely result in equity and cash components different from
what has been assumed in these unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, and that difference may be
material. The number of shares used in the calculation represents the maximum number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common
stock that could be outstanding on the closing date. The minimum number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that
could be outstanding on the closing date is 11,587,963, a 5% difference. If this minimum share count is used in the calculation,
the result is approximately $17.0 million less of estimated total consideration transferred when the merger is completed.

 
180



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 191/217

Table of Contents

The following is a summary of the preliminary estimated fair values of the net assets acquired:
 

Total estimated consideration transferred   $381.8 
    

 

Cash and cash equivalents    25.9 
Accounts receivable, less allowances    28.0 
Inventory, materials and supplies    7.1 
Prepaid expenses    5.9 
Other current assets    7.3 
Property, plant and equipment    601.3 
Intangibles    53.0 
Deferred income taxes, net    47.6 
Other noncurrent assets    2.5 

    
 

Total assets   $778.6 
Current portion of long-term debt    10.8 
Accounts payable    47.9 
Unearned revenue and customers deposits    15.1 
Accrued taxes    0.9 
Accrued interest    1.4 
Accrued payroll and benefits    8.1 
Other current liabilities    6.3 
Long-term debt, less current portion    310.2 
Pension and postretirement benefit obligations    85.4 
Other noncurrent liabilities    16.8 

    
 

Net assets to be acquired   $275.7 
    

 

Goodwill   $106.1 
    

 

Cincinnati Bell has made preliminary allocation estimates based on limited access to information and will not have sufficient
information to make final allocations until after completion of the merger. The final determination of the purchase price allocation is
anticipated to be completed as soon as practicable after completion of the merger. Cincinnati Bell anticipates that the valuations of the
acquired assets and liabilities will include, but not be limited to net working capital, property, plant, and equipment, unearned revenue,
trade names, customer relationships and residual goodwill. The valuations will consist of physical appraisals, discounted cash flow
analyses, or other appropriate valuation techniques to determine the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed.

For purposes of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information and the preliminary purchase accounting
allocation, management assumed that the $601.3 million carrying value of Hawaiian Telcom’s property, plant and equipment at
June 30, 2017, approximated its fair value. Upon closing of the merger, Cincinnati Bell will record the acquired property, plant and
equipment at its acquisition date fair values. At the date of filing of Amendment No. 2 to the registration statement containing this
proxy statement/prospectus, Cincinnati Bell had limited access to information and did not have sufficient information, such as the
specific nature, age or condition of the land, buildings, machinery and equipment, and does not know the appropriate valuation premise
to make a preliminary valuation. A fair value increase or decrease of 10% would increase or decrease property, plant and equipment by
$60.0 million, deferred tax asset by approximately $21.0 million and goodwill by approximately $39.0 million.

The final total consideration, and amounts allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the merger could differ materially
from the preliminary amounts presented in this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. A decrease in the fair
value of assets acquired or an increase in the fair value of liabilities assumed in the merger from those preliminary valuations presented
in this unaudited pro forma condensed
 

181



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 192/217

Table of Contents

combined financial information would result in a dollar-for-dollar corresponding increase in the amount of goodwill that will result
from the merger. In addition, if the value of the acquired assets is higher than the preliminary indication, it may result in higher
amortization and depreciation expense than is presented in this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Note 4—Preliminary Pro Forma Adjustments Related to the Merger

The preliminary pro forma adjustments included in this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information related to the
merger, including the financing structure established to effect the merger, are as follows:

Adjustments to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Balance Sheet

A—To reflect the cash portion of the estimated total consideration that is payable by Cincinnati Bell to the stockholders of Hawaiian
Telcom based on the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding as of August 8, 2017 or issuable prior to, and
outstanding as of, the closing date (which aggregate number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock equals the maximum number
of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that could be outstanding as of the closing date), as detailed in Note 3.

B—To reflect the net cash inflow from incurrence of a $400 million aggregate principal amount Term Loan B under the Credit
Facilities on October 2, 2017 (the “New Term Loan”), expected issuance of $350 million aggregate principal amount of Notes and
draw of $74.9 million aggregate principal amount on the Receivables Facility (the “Receivables Facility Draw”) by Cincinnati Bell to
cover cost of acquisitions, debt repayments, accrued interest and transaction costs (each assumed to have occurred on June 30, 2017).
For purposes of this Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information, the New Term Loan does not reflect $200
million in term loan borrowings by Cincinnati Bell under its Credit Facilities to finance the OnX acquisition.
 

Cash received from incurrence of New Term Loan   $ 400.0 
Cash received from the issuance of Notes    350.0 
Debt discount of 100 basis points on New Term Loan    4.0 
Cash received from Receivables Facility Draw    74.9 
Debt issuance costs—New Term Loan and Notes    (18.1) 
Debt issuance costs—New Revolving Credit Facility    3.7 
Transaction costs    (16.0) 
Repayment of Cincinnati Bell’s Existing Tranche B Term Loan    (315.8) 
Repayment of Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness    (320.0) 
Payment of accrued interest related to Existing Tranche B Term Loan    (1.1) 
Payment of accrued interest related to Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness    (1.4) 

    
 

Net cash inflow from debt incurrence   $ 144.8 
    

 

C—To eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical goodwill.

D—To record the estimated goodwill created as a result of this transaction. Goodwill represents the excess of the estimated total
consideration transferred over the preliminary fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as described in Note 3. The
goodwill will not be amortized, but instead will be tested for impairment at least annually and whenever events or circumstances have
occurred that may indicate a possible impairment exists. In the event management determines that the value of goodwill has become
impaired, Cincinnati Bell will incur an accounting charge for the amount of the impairment during the period in which the
determination is made. The goodwill is attributable to the expected synergies of the combined business operations and new growth
opportunities. The change in goodwill is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.
 

182



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 193/217

Table of Contents

E—To eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical intangible assets.

F—To record the estimated fair value of identifiable intangible assets. Refer to Note 4(BB) below for details related to the estimated
fair value and related amortization expense of the intangible assets.

G—Adjustment reflects the deferred income tax effects of the pro forma adjustments made to the unaudited pro forma condensed
combined balance sheet by applying the combined Hawaiian Telcom federal and state statutory tax rate of 37.14% to the fair value
adjustments made to intangible assets and goodwill acquired and the combined Cincinnati Bell federal and state statutory tax rate of
37.75% to the write-off of debt issuance costs related to the repayment of Cincinnati Bell’s existing revolving credit facility (the
“Existing Revolving Credit Facility”). Additional details provided in the table below:
 

   

Adjustment
to Asset

Acquired    

Adjustment
to

Cincinnati
Bell Assets    

Noncurrent
Deferred Tax

Asset  
Estimated fair value adjustment of identifiable

intangible assets acquired   $ 21.1   $ —     $ (7.8) 
Estimate fair value adjustment of goodwill acquired    94.0    —      (33.0) 
Estimated adjustment for write-off of Cincinnati Bell

debt issuance costs associated with Cincinnati
Bell Existing Revolving Credit Facility    —      (1.6)    0.6 

        
 

Deferred tax assets related to estimated fair value
adjustments and write-offs recorded in
conjunction with the transaction       $ (40.2) 

H—To write-off debt issuance costs related to the extinguishment of Cincinnati Bell’s Existing Revolving Credit Facility.

I—Reflects an estimate of Cincinnati Bell’s capitalizable debt issuance costs of $3.7 million in connection with the New Revolving
Credit Facility that will be capitalized as other noncurrent assets on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet in
accordance with Cincinnati Bell’s accounting policy and amortized over the life of the five-year term.

J—To reflect the payment of Hawaiian Telcom’s historic current portion of long-term debt of $10.3 million and long-term debt of
$309.7 million in accordance with the change of control terms of the applicable debt agreements.

K—To eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical accrued interest of $1.4 million and Cincinnati Bell’s accrued interest of $1.1 million
related to Cincinnati Bell’s existing Tranche B Term Loan under its Corporate Credit Agreement (the “Existing Tranche B Term Loan”)
as a result of the payment of the associated debt instruments. As described in Note 4 (B) above, it is assumed that Cincinnati Bell
repaid the Existing Tranche B Term Loan and Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness, together with all accrued interest thereon, on
June 30, 2017, and therefore no accrued interest as of June 30, 2017.

L—To record the removal of the discount and debt issuance costs based on the expected payment of $320.0 million of Hawaiian
Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness on the closing date of the merger.

M—To reflect the repayment of the outstanding balance of Cincinnati Bell’s Existing Tranche B Term Loan of $315.8 million, write-
off of the associated debt discount of $1.1 million and write-off of associated debt issuance costs of $1.7 million. The $2.8 million
associated with the debt discount and debt issuance costs are not reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of
income.
 

183



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 194/217

Table of Contents

N—To reflect the incurrence of the New Term Loan, the expected issuance of Notes and the Receivables Facility Draw to fund
transaction-related items, the cash portion of the estimated total consideration and other one-time costs. The New Term Loan has an
expected weighted average interest rate of 4.92% on the principal amount of the debt and the Receivables Facility has an expected
weighted average interest rate of 1.9% on draws on the Receivables Facility.
 
 

Face value of New Term Loan   $400.0 
Face value of Notes    350.0 
Discount on New Term Loan    (4.0) 
Debt Issuance Costs—New Term Loan and Notes    (18.1) 
Receivables Facility Draw    74.9 

    
 

Net Debt issued as of June 30, 2017   $802.8 
    

 

O—To reflect adjustments to eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical equity balances.

P—To reflect the stock portion of the estimated total consideration that is payable by Cincinnati Bell to the stockholders of Hawaiian
Telcom based on the number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding as of August 8, 2017 or issuable prior to, and
outstanding as of, the closing date (which aggregate number of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock equals the maximum number
of shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that could be outstanding as of the closing date), as described in Note 3.

Q—Reflects an estimate of Cincinnati Bell’s merger-related transaction costs, including advisory and legal fees. These amounts will be
expensed as incurred and are not reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of income. No adjustment has
been made for merger-related costs to be incurred by Hawaiian Telcom.

R—To reflect the adjustment to deferred tax assets as a result of the write-off of debt issuance costs related to the repayment of
Cincinnati Bell’s Existing Revolving Credit Facility. These amounts will be expensed and are not reflected in the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statement of income.

Adjustments to the Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Statement of Operations

AA—To eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical intangible asset amortization expense.

BB—Adjustment reflects the preliminary amortization expense associated with the fair value of the identifiable intangible assets
acquired in the merger of $7.7 million and $5.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the six months ended June 30, 2017,
respectively.

The preliminary amortization expense for the intangible assets acquired from Hawaiian Telcom is as follows:
 

Intangible assets, net   

Estimated
useful life

(years)    
Preliminary

fair value    

Amortization
expense for the

year ended
December 31,

2016    

Amortization
expense for the

six months
ended June 30,

2017  
Customer relationships    10   $ 38.0   $ 6.7   $ 4.9 
Trade name    15    15.0    1.0    0.5 

      
 

    
 

    
 

Total     $ 53.0   $ 7.7   $ 5.4 
 

184



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 195/217

Table of Contents

The estimated fair value of the trade name is expected to be amortized on a straight-line basis over the estimated useful life. The
amortizable life reflects the periods over which the assets are expected to provide material economic benefit. The estimated fair value
of the customer relationships is expected to be amortized over the estimated useful life based on forecasted after-tax cash flows that are
expected to be generated as a result of the merger. The amortizable life reflects the periods over which the assets are expected to
provide material economic benefit.

CC—To eliminate Hawaiian Telcom’s historical interest expense and amortization of debt issuance costs. As described previously, in
connection with entering into the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell incurred the New Term Loan and expects to issue the Notes to
fund the repayment of Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness that is due upon completion of the merger pursuant to change of
control provisions. For purposes of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, Cincinnati Bell’s management
assumed that the cash necessary for the repayment of Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness would be funded by the New Term
Loan and the expected issuance of the Notes and Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness would have been repaid in full on
January 1, 2016.

DD—To eliminate Cincinnati Bell’s historical interest expense related to the Existing Tranche B Term Loan and Existing Revolving
Credit Facility. As described previously, in connection with entering into the merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell incurred the New Term
Loan and expects to issue the Notes to fund the repayment of Cincinnati Bell’s Existing Tranche B Term Loan of $315.8 million. For
purposes of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information, Cincinnati Bell’s management assumed that the cash
necessary for the repayment of the Existing Tranche B Term Loan would be funded by the New Term Loan and the expected issuance
of the Notes and the Existing Tranche B Term Loan would have been repaid in full on January 1, 2016.
 

Year Ended December 31, 2016   
Historical interest expense—Existing Tranche B Term Loan   $21.3 
Historical amortization of debt issuance costs—Existing Tranche B Term Loan

and Existing Revolving Credit Facility    1.9 
Historical amortization of debt discount—Existing Tranche B Term Loan    0.6 

    
 

Historical interest expense   $23.8 
    

 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2017   
Historical interest expense—Existing Tranche B Term Loan   $ 6.4 
Historical amortization of debt issuance costs—Existing Tranche B Term Loan

and Existing Revolving Credit Facility    0.6 
Historical amortization of debt discount—Existing Tranche B Term Loan    0.2 

    
 

Historical interest expense   $ 7.2 
    

 

EE—Reflects the additional interest expense that would have been incurred during the historical periods presented assuming the
merger, the incurrence of the New Term Loan, the expected issuance of the Notes and the Receivables Facility Draw had occurred as of
January 1, 2016.
 

185



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 196/217

Table of Contents

Debt issuance costs estimated to be incurred in conjunction with the merger have been amortized over the term of the respective debt
instrument for the purposes of calculating the net pro forma adjustment to interest expense.
 

Year Ended December 31, 2016   
Interest expense—New Term Loan and Notes   $47.7 
Interest expense—Receivables Facility    1.4 
Amortization of debt issuance costs—New Term Loan and Notes    2.3 
Amortization of debt discount—New Term Loan    0.5 

    
 

Interest expense   $51.9 
    

 

Six Months Ended June 30, 2017   
Interest expense—New Term Loan and Notes   $23.8 
Interest expense—Receivables Facility    0.7 
Amortization of debt issuance costs—New Term Loan and Notes    1.1 
Amortization of debt discount—New Term Loan    0.3 

    
 

Interest expense   $25.9 
    

 

FF—Reflects the debt issuance costs incurred in connection with the $200.0 million New Revolving Credit Facility that will be entered
into along with the New Term Loan. Debt issuance costs are expected to be $3.7 million and amortized over the life of the New
Revolving Credit Facility’s five-year term.

GG—To eliminate Cincinnati Bell’s historical loss on extinguishment of debt related to the Existing Tranche B Term Loan of $2.2
million and Existing Revolving Credit Facility of $1.7 million. As described previously, in connection with entering into the merger
agreement, Cincinnati Bell incurred the New Term Loan and expects to issue the Notes to fund the repayment of Cincinnati Bell’s
Existing Tranche B Term Loan of $315.8 million.

HH—To eliminate transaction costs related to Hawaiian Telcom pending the merger.

II—To eliminate loss on extinguishment of debt related to the Hawaiian Telcom repayment of certain of Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing
Indebtedness in the second quarter of 2017. This amount has been eliminated from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statement of operations because it will not have a continuing impact and is considered directly related to the transaction as all of
Hawaiian Telcom’s Existing Indebtedness will be repaid in connection with the merger.

JJ—Adjustment reflects the tax effects of the pro forma adjustments made to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations calculated at the combined federal and statutory rate of 37.28% and 37.75% for the twelve months ended December 31,
2016 and the six months ended June 30, 2017, respectively.
 

186



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 197/217

Table of Contents

KK—The unaudited pro forma adjustment to shares outstanding used in the calculation of basic and diluted earnings per share is
calculated using the stock portion of the mixed consideration as detailed below:
 

Hawaiian Telcom basic common stock outstanding as of August 8, 2017    11,587,963 
Hawaiian Telcom common stock potentially issuable in respect of RSUs

under benefit and compensation plans that will be converted as of the
closing date    386,010 

Hawaiian Telcom common stock potentially issuable in respect of
Annual and Retention Bonuses under benefit and compensation plans
that will be converted as of the closing date    162,444 

    
 

Total Hawaiian Telcom basic common stock outstanding as of or issuable
prior to, and outstanding as of, the closing date    12,136,417 

Exchange ratio    0.6522 
    

 

Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued    7,915,372 
 

187



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 198/217

Table of Contents

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of Hawaiian Telcom common stock as of
September 26, 2017, by:
 

 •  each person known by Hawaiian Telcom to beneficially own more than 5% of the Hawaiian Telcom common stock;
 

 •  each of Hawaiian Telcom’s directors, nominees and named executive officers; and
 

 •  all of Hawaiian Telcom’s directors and executive officers as a group.

The amounts and percentages of common stock beneficially owned are reported on the basis of regulations of the SEC governing
the determination of beneficial ownership of securities. The information relating to Hawaiian Telcom’s 5% beneficial owners is based
on information received by Hawaiian Telcom from such holders or filed by such holders with the SEC. Under the rules of the SEC, a
person is deemed to be a “beneficial owner” of a security if that person has or shares voting power, which includes the power to vote or
direct the voting of a security, or investment power, which includes the power to dispose of or to direct the disposition of a security. A
person is also deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which that person has a right to acquire beneficial ownership within
60 days. Securities that can be so acquired are deemed to be outstanding for purposes of computing such person’s ownership
percentage, but not for purposes of computing any other person’s percentage. Under these rules, more than one person may be deemed
to be a beneficial owner of the same securities and a person may be deemed to be a beneficial owner of securities as to which such
person has no economic interest.

Except as otherwise indicated in these footnotes, each of the beneficial owners listed has, to Hawaiian Telcom’s knowledge, sole
voting and investment power with respect to the indicated shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock. Unless otherwise noted in the
footnotes below, the address of each person listed in the table is: c/o General Counsel, Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., 1177 Bishop
Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813.
 

188



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 199/217

Table of Contents

The percentages in the table below are based on 11,587,963 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock outstanding as of
September 26, 2017.
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
Amount and Nature of
Beneficial Ownership    Percentage of Class 

5% or Greater Stockholders     
Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C.(1)    2,651,709    22.9% 
Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C.(2)    2,610,000    22.5% 
Cincinnati Bell Inc.(3)    2,612,599    22.5% 
Directors and Named Executive Officers     
Richard A. Jalkut    18,587    * 
Kurt M. Cellar    39,080    * 
Meredith J. Ching    4,702    * 
Walter A. Dods, Jr.    14,080    * 
Steven C. Oldham    14,080    * 
Eric K. Yeaman    182,522    1.6% 
Scott K. Barber    30,199    * 
Robert B. Webster(4)    2,612,599    22.5% 
John T. Komeiji    47,107    * 
Kevin T. Paul    15,458    * 
N. John Fontana III(5)    0    0.0% 
Dan T. Bessey    5,004    * 

    
 

    
 

All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group
(12 persons)    2,983,418    25.7% 

    

 

    

 

 
* Less than 1%.
(1) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on February 25, 2016 and a Form 4 filed with the SEC on March 22, 2017.

According to the Schedule 13D and the Form 4, Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. and Stephen H. Deckoff have
shared voting and shared dispositive power over all 2,651,709 shares. The address for Black Diamond Capital Management,
L.L.C. is One Sound Shore Drive, Suite 200, Greenwich, CT 06830. The address for Stephen H. Deckoff, is c/o Black Diamond,
5330 Yacht Haven Grande, Suite 100, St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands 00802.

 

(2) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on July 10, 2017. According to the Schedule 13D, Twin Haven Capital Partners,
L.L.C., Robert Webster, and Paul Mellinger have shared voting and shared dispositive power over all 2,610,000 shares, including
1,457,000 shares held by Twin Haven Special Opportunities Fund III, L.P. and 1,153,000 shares held by Twin Haven Special
Opportunities Fund IV, L.P. The address for Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C., Robert Webster, and Paul Mellinger is 33
Riverside Avenue, 3rd Floor, Westport, CT 06880.

 

(3) Based on a Schedule 13D filed with the SEC on July 18, 2017. According to the Schedule 13D, Cincinnati Bell has shared voting
and shared dispositive power over all 2,612,599 shares, including, with Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C., Robert Webster and
Paul Mellinger, over 2,610,000 shares held collectively by Twin Haven Special Opportunities Fund III, L.P. and Twin Haven
Special Opportunities Fund IV L.P., and, with Robert Webster, over 2,599 shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock issued upon
settlement of outstanding restricted stock unit awards. The address for Cincinnati Bell is East Fourth Street, Cincinnati, OH
45202. Pursuant to, and subject to the terms and conditions contained in, the voting agreement executed in connection with the
merger agreement, Cincinnati Bell may be deemed to have acquired beneficial ownership of such shares by virtue of the
execution of the voting agreement. The terms of the voting rights agreement are summarized under the heading “The Voting
Agreement” beginning on page 145 of this proxy statement/prospectus.

 
189



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 200/217

Table of Contents

(4) Based on a Schedule 13D/A filed with the SEC on July 10, 2017, Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C., Robert Webster, and Paul
Mellinger have shared voting and shared dispositive power over 2,610,000 shares, including 1,457,000 shares held by Twin
Haven Special Opportunities Fund III, L.P. and 1,153,000 shares held by Twin Haven Special Opportunities Fund IV, L.P., and
Robert Webster has sole voting and sole dispositive power over 2,599 shares issuable upon settlement of outstanding restricted
stock unit awards. The address for Twin Haven Capital Partners, L.L.C., Robert Webster, and Paul Mellinger is 33 Riverside
Avenue, 3rd Floor, Westport, CT 06880.

 

(5) Based on a Form 4 filed with the SEC by Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. on March 22, 2017, Mr. Fontana, an
employee of Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C., transferred the shares of Hawaiian Telcom common stock that were
issued to him in connection with his service on the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors to Black Diamond Capital Management,
L.L.C. pursuant to applicable Black Diamond Capital Management, L.L.C. policy.

 
190



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 201/217

Table of Contents

SUBMISSION OF HAWAIIAN TELCOM STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

As of the date of this proxy statement/prospectus, the Hawaiian Telcom board of directors knows of no matters that will be
presented for consideration at the special meeting other than as described in this proxy statement/prospectus.

If the merger is completed, Hawaiian Telcom will have no public stockholders and there will be no public participation in any
future stockholder meetings. Hawaiian Telcom intends to hold the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders only if the merger is not
completed.

Proposals of stockholders that are intended for inclusion in Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy statement relating to its 2018 annual
meeting, if held, must have been received by Hawaiian Telcom at its headquarters at 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813,
Attention: Secretary, no later than November 14, 2017, and must satisfy the conditions established by the SEC, including, but not
limited to, Rule 14a-8 promulgated under the Exchange Act, and in Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws for stockholder
proposals in order to be included in Hawaiian Telcom’s proxy statement for that meeting.

Stockholders may only present a matter for consideration at Hawaiian Telcom’s 2018 annual meeting, if held, if certain
procedures are followed. Under Hawaiian Telcom’s amended and restated bylaws, in order for a matter to be deemed properly
presented by a stockholder, timely notice must be received by Hawaiian Telcom’s Secretary at the principal executive office of
Hawaiian Telcom not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the date of the one-year anniversary of the date of the
immediately preceding annual meeting of stockholders, which was held on April 28, 2017. To be timely for the 2018 annual meeting, if
held, a stockholder’s notice must have been delivered to or mailed and received by the Secretary of Hawaiian Telcom between
December 29, 2017 and January 28, 2018. However, in the event Hawaiian Telcom’s 2018 annual meeting is called for a date that is
not within 30 days before or after the anniversary date of Hawaiian Telcom’s 2017 annual meeting, notice by the stockholders in order
to be timely must be received by Hawaiian Telcom no later than (x) the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which
notice of the date of Hawaiian Telcom’s 2018 annual meeting was mailed or (y) public disclosure of the date of Hawaiian Telcom’s
2018 annual meeting was made, whichever occurs first.

Additionally, in accordance with Rule 14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act, management proxy holders intend to use their
discretionary voting authority with respect to any stockholder proposal raised at Hawaiian Telcom’s 2018 annual meeting, if held, as to
which the stockholder fails to notify Hawaiian Telcom on or before January 28, 2018.

STOCKHOLDERS MAY CONTACT THE SECRETARY AT HAWAIIAN TELCOM’S PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE
OFFICES FOR A COPY OF THE RELEVANT AMENDED AND RESTATED BYLAW PROVISIONS REGARDING THE
REQUIREMENTS FOR MAKING STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS.
 

191



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 202/217

Table of Contents

HOUSEHOLDING

Unless it has received contrary instructions, Hawaiian Telcom may send a single copy of this proxy statement/prospectus to any
household at which two or more Hawaiian Telcom stockholders reside if Hawaiian Telcom believes the stockholders are members of
the same family, as allowed under SEC rules. Each stockholder in the household will continue to receive a separate proxy card. This
process, known as “householding”, reduces the volume of duplicate information received at your household and helps to reduce
expenses.

We will promptly deliver, upon request, a separate copy of this proxy statement/prospectus to any Hawaiian Telcom stockholder
residing at an address at which only one copy was mailed. If you would like to receive your own copy of this proxy
statement/prospectus, follow the instructions described below. Similarly, if you share an address with another stockholder and together
both of you would like to receive only a single copy of this proxy statement/prospectus, follow these instructions.

If you are a Hawaiian Telcom stockholder of record and would like to receive your own copy of this proxy statement/prospectus
without charge, you may contact Hawaiian Telcom by writing to Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., Attention: Investor Relations, 1177
Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813 or by calling (808) 546-4511. Eligible stockholders of record receiving multiple copies of this
proxy statement/prospectus can request householding by contacting Hawaiian Telcom in the same manner. If a broker, bank, trustee or
other nominee holds your shares, please contact your broker, bank, trustee or other nominee directly.

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the Cincinnati Bell common shares to be issued in connection with the merger and being offered by this proxy
statement/prospectus will be passed upon by Bosse Law, PLLC.

EXPERTS

The consolidated financial statements, and the related financial statement schedule, incorporated in this proxy
statement/prospectus by reference from Cincinnati Bell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the
effectiveness of Cincinnati Bell’s internal control over financial reporting have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial
statements and financial statement schedule have been so incorporated in reliance upon the reports of such firm given upon their
authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

The consolidated financial statements incorporated in this proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Hawaiian Telcom’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the effectiveness of Hawaiian Telcom’s internal control over
financial reporting have been audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their
reports, which are incorporated herein by reference. Such consolidated financial statements have been so incorporated in reliance upon
the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.
 

192



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 203/217

Table of Contents

WHERE TO FIND MORE INFORMATION

Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the
SEC. You may read and copy any documents Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell file at the SEC public reference room located at
100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public
reference room. The SEC filings of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell also are available to the public at the SEC website at
www.sec.gov. In addition, you may obtain free copies of the documents Hawaiian Telcom files with the SEC by going to Hawaiian
Telcom’s Internet website at http://hawaiiantel.com. You may obtain free copies of the documents Cincinnati Bell files with the SEC,
including the registration statement on Form S-4, and Amendment Nos. 1 and 2 thereto, of which this proxy statement/prospectus
forms a part, by going to the Investor Relations page on Cincinnati Bell’s Internet website at http://www.cincinnatibell.com. The
Internet website addresses of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell are provided as inactive textual references only. The information
provided on the Internet websites of Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell, other than copies of the documents listed below that have
been filed with the SEC, is not part of this proxy statement/prospectus and, therefore, is not incorporated herein by reference.

Statements contained in this proxy statement/prospectus, or in any document incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus regarding the contents of any contract or other document, are not necessarily complete and each such statement is
qualified in its entirety by reference to that contract or other document filed as an exhibit with the SEC. The SEC allows Hawaiian
Telcom and Cincinnati Bell to “incorporate by reference” into this proxy statement/prospectus documents Hawaiian Telcom and
Cincinnati Bell file with the SEC including certain information required to be included in the registration statement on Form S-4 filed
by Cincinnati Bell to register the shares of Cincinnati Bell common stock that will be issued in the merger, of which this proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part. This means that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell can disclose important information to you by
referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus is considered to be a
part of this proxy statement/prospectus, and later information that Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell file with the SEC will update
and supersede that information. Hawaiian Telcom and Cincinnati Bell incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any
documents subsequently filed by it pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and before the date of the special
meeting.

Hawaiian Telcom:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on March 14, 2017).
 

 
•  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017 (filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017) and

the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017 (filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017).
 

 •  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2017, May 2, 2017 and July 10, 2017 (two filings).
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Hawaiian Telcom, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Hawaiian Telcom’s Form 10-

12G filed with the SEC on November 16, 2010.
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Bylaws of Hawaiian Telcom, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the

quarterly period ending March 31, 2015, filed with the SEC on May 4, 2015.

Any person may request copies of this proxy statement/prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement/prospectus or other information concerning Hawaiian Telcom, without charge, by written or telephonic request
directed to Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., Attention: Secretary, 1177 Bishop Street, Honolulu, Hawai‘i 96813; Telephone (808) 546-
4511; or from the SEC through the SEC website at the address provided above.
 

193



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 204/217

Table of Contents

Cincinnati Bell:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 (filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017).
 

 
•  Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2017 (filed with the SEC on May 9, 2017) and

the quarterly period ended June 30, 2017 (filed with the SEC on August 4, 2017).
 

 
•  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 2, 2017, April 6, 2017, May 5, 2017, June 1, 2017, June 5,

2017, July 10, 2017 (two filings), August 8, 2017, September 21, 2017, September 22, 2017 and October 2, 2017.
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Cincinnati Bell, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K

filed with the SEC on April 30, 2008.
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Regulations of Cincinnati Bell, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the

SEC on April 30, 2008.
 

 
•  Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Cincinnati Bell, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Current

Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 5, 2016.

You may request a copy of this proxy statement/prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy
statement/prospectus or other information concerning Cincinnati Bell, without charge, by written or telephonic request to Cincinnati
Bell Inc., Attention: Secretary, 221 East Fourth Street, Cincinnati, Ohio; Telephone (513) 397-9900; or from the SEC through the SEC
website at the address provided above.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, information furnished by Hawaiian Telcom or Cincinnati Bell on any Current Report on
Form 8-K, including the related exhibits, that, pursuant to and in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, is not deemed
“filed” for purposes of the Exchange Act will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this proxy statement/prospectus.

THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE THE SOLICITATION OF A PROXY IN ANY
JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH
PROXY SOLICITATION IN THAT JURISDICTION. YOU SHOULD RELY ONLY ON THE INFORMATION CONTAINED
OR INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE INTO THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO VOTE YOUR SHARES OF
HAWAIIAN TELCOM COMMON STOCK AT THE SPECIAL MEETING. HAWAIIAN TELCOM HAS NOT
AUTHORIZED ANYONE TO PROVIDE YOU WITH INFORMATION THAT IS DIFFERENT FROM WHAT IS
CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS DATED
OCTOBER 5, 2017. YOU SHOULD NOT ASSUME THAT THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IS ACCURATE AS OF ANY DATE OTHER THAN THAT DATE, AND THE MAILING OF
THIS PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS TO STOCKHOLDERS DOES NOT CREATE ANY IMPLICATION TO THE
CONTRARY.
 

194



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 205/217

Table of Contents

ANNEX A
 
  

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Dated as of July 9, 2017,

Among

HAWAIIAN TELCOM HOLDCO, INC.,

CINCINNATI BELL INC.

and

TWIN ACQUISITION CORP.

 
  



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 206/217

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
      Page  

ARTICLE I  

The Merger  

SECTION 1.01.   The Merger    A-1 
SECTION 1.02.   Closing    A-1 
SECTION 1.03.   Effective Time    A-2 
SECTION 1.04.   Effects of the Merger    A-2 
SECTION 1.05.   Charter and Bylaws    A-2 
SECTION 1.06.   Board of Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation    A-2 

ARTICLE II  

Effect on the Stock of the  
Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates  

SECTION 2.01.   Effect on Stock    A-2 
SECTION 2.02.   Exchange of Certificates; Book-Entry Shares    A-4 
SECTION 2.03.   Dissenters’ Rights    A-6 
SECTION 2.04.   Election Procedures    A-6 
SECTION 2.05.   Proration    A-8 

ARTICLE III  

Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub  

SECTION 3.01.   Organization, Standing and Power    A-8 
SECTION 3.02.   Parent Subsidiaries    A-9 
SECTION 3.03.   Capital Structure    A-9 
SECTION 3.04.

  Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability    
A-
10 

SECTION 3.05.
  No Conflicts; Consents    

A-
11 

SECTION 3.06.
  SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities    

A-
12 

SECTION 3.07.
  Information Supplied    

A-
13 

SECTION 3.08.
  Absence of Certain Changes or Events    

A-
14 

SECTION 3.09.
  Taxes    

A-
14 

SECTION 3.10.
  Benefits Matters; ERISA Compliance    

A-
14 

SECTION 3.11.
  Litigation    

A-
16 

SECTION 3.12.
  Compliance with Applicable Laws    

A-
16 

SECTION 3.13.
  Environmental Matters    

A-
16 

SECTION 3.14.
  Contracts    

A-
17 

SECTION 3.15.
  Properties    

A-
18 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 207/217

SECTION 3.16.
  Intellectual Property    

A-
18 

SECTION 3.17.
  Labor Matters    

A-
19 

SECTION 3.18.
  Brokers’ Fees and Expenses    

A-
19 

SECTION 3.19.
  Intentionally Omitted    

A-
20 

SECTION 3.20.
  Communications Regulatory Matters    

A-
20 

SECTION 3.21.
  Financing    

A-
21 

SECTION 3.22.
  Merger Sub    

A-
21 

SECTION 3.23.
  No Other Representations or Warranties    

A-
21 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 208/217

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)

 
      Page  

ARTICLE IV  

Representations and Warranties of the Company  

SECTION 4.01.
  Organization, Standing and Power    

A-
22 

SECTION 4.02.
  Company Subsidiaries    

A-
22 

SECTION 4.03.
  Capital Structure    

A-
22 

SECTION 4.04.
  Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability    

A-
23 

SECTION 4.05.
  No Conflicts; Consents    

A-
24 

SECTION 4.06.
  SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities    

A-
25 

SECTION 4.07.
  Information Supplied    

A-
26 

SECTION 4.08.
  Absence of Certain Changes or Events    

A-
26 

SECTION 4.09.
  Taxes    

A-
26 

SECTION 4.10.
  Benefits Matters; ERISA Compliance    

A-
27 

SECTION 4.11.
  Litigation    

A-
29 

SECTION 4.12.
  Compliance with Applicable Laws    

A-
29 

SECTION 4.13.
  Environmental Matters    

A-
29 

SECTION 4.14.
  Contracts    

A-
30 

SECTION 4.15.
  Properties    

A-
30 

SECTION 4.16.
  Intellectual Property    

A-
31 

SECTION 4.17.
  Labor Matters    

A-
32 

SECTION 4.18.
  Brokers’ Fees and Expenses    

A-
32 

SECTION 4.19.
  Opinion of Financial Advisor    

A-
32 

SECTION 4.20.
  Communications Regulatory Matters    

A-
33 

SECTION 4.21.
  No Other Representations or Warranties    

A-
33 

ARTICLE V  

Covenants Relating to Conduct of Business  



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 209/217

SECTION 5.01.
  Conduct of Business    

A-
34 

SECTION 5.02.
  Intentionally Omitted    

A-
39 

SECTION 5.03.
  No Solicitation by the Company; Company Board Recommendation    

A-
39 

ARTICLE VI  

Additional Agreements  

SECTION 6.01.
  Preparation of the Form S-4 and the Proxy Statement; Company Stockholders Meeting    

A-
41 

SECTION 6.02.
  Access to Information; Confidentiality    

A-
43 

SECTION 6.03.
  Required Actions    

A-
43 

SECTION 6.04.
  Stock Awards    

A-
45 

SECTION 6.05.
  Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance    

A-
46 

SECTION 6.06.
  Fees and Expenses    

A-
47 

SECTION 6.07.
  Income Tax Treatment    

A-
48 

SECTION 6.08.
  Transaction Litigation    

A-
48 

SECTION 6.09.
  Section 16 Matters    

A-
48 

SECTION 6.10.
  Governance Matters    

A-
48 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 210/217

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
(continued)

 
      Page  
SECTION 6.11.

  Public Announcements    
A-
48 

SECTION 6.12.
  Stock Exchange Listing    

A-
49 

SECTION 6.13.
  Employee Matters    

A-
49 

SECTION 6.14.
  Parent Vote    

A-
50 

SECTION 6.15.
  Obligations of Merger Sub    

A-
50 

SECTION 6.16.
  Financing    

A-
50 

SECTION 6.17.
  Voting Agreement    

A-
53 

ARTICLE VII  

Conditions Precedent  

SECTION 7.01.
  Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger    

A-
53 

SECTION 7.02.
  Conditions to Obligations of the Company    

A-
53 

SECTION 7.03.
  Conditions to Obligation of Parent    

A-
54 

ARTICLE VIII  

Termination, Amendment and Waiver  

SECTION 8.01.
  Termination    

A-
54 

SECTION 8.02.
  Effect of Termination    

A-
55 

SECTION 8.03.
  Amendment    

A-
56 

SECTION 8.04.
  Extension; Waiver    

A-
56 

SECTION 8.05.
  Procedure for Termination, Amendment, Extension or Waiver    

A-
56 

ARTICLE IX  

General Provisions  

SECTION 9.01.
  Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties    

A-
56 

SECTION 9.02.
  Notices    

A-
56 

SECTION 9.03.
  Definitions    

A-
57 

SECTION 9.04.
  Interpretation    

A-
61 



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 211/217

SECTION 9.05.
  Severability    

A-
62 

SECTION 9.06.
  Counterparts    

A-
62 

SECTION 9.07.
  Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries    

A-
62 

SECTION 9.08.
  Governing Law    

A-
62 

SECTION 9.09.
  Assignment    

A-
63 

SECTION 9.10.
  Specific Enforcement    

A-
63 

SECTION 9.11.
  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL    

A-
64 

SECTION 9.12.
  No Recourse to Financing Sources    

A-
64 

Annex A   Index of Defined Terms   
Exhibit A   Governance Matters   



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 212/217

Table of Contents

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) dated as of July 9, 2017, among Hawaiian Telcom Holdco, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (“Company”), Cincinnati Bell Inc., an Ohio corporation (“Parent”), and Twin Acquisition Corp., a Delaware
corporation and a directly wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”).

WHEREAS each of the Board of Directors of the Company, the Board of Directors of Parent and the Board of Directors of
Merger Sub has approved and declared advisable this Agreement and determined that the Merger on the terms provided for in this
Agreement is advisable and in the best interests of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, as applicable, and its respective stockholders or
shareholders, as applicable;

WHEREAS the Board of Directors of the Company and the Board of Directors of Merger Sub each has recommended that
its stockholders adopt this Agreement;

WHEREAS concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and as a condition to the willingness of Parent
and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement, Parent and certain stockholders of the Company are entering into a voting agreement (the
“Voting Agreement”), pursuant to which, among other things, such stockholders have agreed to vote to adopt this Agreement upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations, warranties, covenants and
agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

The Merger

SECTION 1.01. The Merger. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in accordance
with the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be
merged with and into the Company (the “Merger”), the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease, and the
Company shall be the surviving corporation in the Merger. The Company, as the surviving corporation after the Merger, is hereinafter
referred to as the “Surviving Corporation”.

SECTION 1.02. Closing. The closing (the “Closing”) of the Merger shall take place at the offices of Cravath, Swaine &
Moore LLP, Worldwide Plaza, 825 Eighth Avenue, New York, New York 10019 at 10:00 a.m., New York City time, on a date to be
specified by the Company and Parent, which shall be no later than the second Business Day following the satisfaction or (to the extent
permitted by Law) waiver by the party or parties entitled to the benefits thereof of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law)
waiver of those conditions), or at such other place, time and date as shall be agreed in writing between the Company and Parent;
provided, however, that if all the conditions set forth in Article VII do not remain satisfied or (to the extent permitted by Law) have not
been waived on such second Business Day, then the Closing shall take place on the first Business Day thereafter on which all such
conditions shall have been satisfied or (to the extent permitted by Law) waived; provided, further that, if the Marketing Period has not
ended at the time of the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their nature
are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver of those conditions at such
time), then, subject to the continued satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII at such time, the Closing shall occur
instead on the earliest of (i) any Business Day during the Marketing Period as may be specified by Parent on no less than two Business
Days’ prior written notice to the
 

A-1



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 213/217

Table of Contents

Company, (ii) the second Business Day following the final day of the Marketing Period or (iii) such other place, time and date as may
be agreed by the Company and Parent. The date on which the Closing occurs is referred to in this Agreement as the “Closing Date”.

SECTION 1.03. Effective Time. Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable on the Closing Date, the
Company shall cause the Merger to be consummated by filing a certificate of merger executed in accordance with, and in such form as
is required by, the relevant provisions of the DGCL (the “Certificate of Merger”), and shall make all other filings, recordings or
publications required under the DGCL in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at the time that the
Certificate of Merger is filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware (the “Secretary of State”) or, to the extent permitted
by applicable Law, at such later time as is agreed to by the parties hereto prior to the filing of such Certificate of Merger and specified
in the Certificate of Merger (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is herein referred to as the “Effective Time”).

SECTION 1.04. Effects of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects provided in this Agreement and as set forth in the
applicable provisions, including Section 259, of the DGCL.

SECTION 1.05. Charter and Bylaws. At the Effective Time, the certificate of incorporation of the Company, as in effect
immediately prior to the Effective Time, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until thereafter changed
or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law (and subject to Section 6.05 hereof). The bylaws of the Surviving Corporation in
effect from and after the Effective Time and until thereafter changed or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law shall be in
the form of the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, except that references to the name of Merger
Sub shall be replaced by references to the name of the Surviving Corporation (the “Surviving Corporation Bylaws”).

SECTION 1.06. Board of Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation. The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior
to the Effective Time shall become the directors of the Surviving Corporation as of the Effective Time until the earlier of their
resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation or until their
respective successors have been duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The officers of the Company immediately prior to the
Effective Time shall continue as the officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time until their
respective successors are duly appointed and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. The parties acknowledge and agree that following the Effective
Time Parent shall cause the board of directors of the Surviving Corporation to include individuals who are “domiciled” (within the
meaning of Section 18-235-1.03 of the Hawaii Administrative Rules) in Hawaii.

ARTICLE II

Effect on the Stock of the
Constituent Corporations; Exchange of Certificates

SECTION 2.01. Effect on Stock. At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the holder of any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Company
Common Stock”) or any shares of capital stock of Merger Sub:

(a) Capital Stock of Merger Sub. Each issued and outstanding share of capital stock of Merger Sub shall be converted into
and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, of the Surviving
Corporation.
 

A-2



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 214/217

Table of Contents

(b) Cancelation of Certain Shares. All shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by the Company as treasury stock
immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor. All shares of Company Common Stock held by Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be
canceled and shall cease to exist and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor. Each share of Company Common Stock
that is owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company or of Parent (other than Merger Sub) shall not
represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration and shall be, at the election of Parent, either (i) converted into shares of
common stock of the Surviving Corporation or (ii) canceled. Each Excluded Share shall be canceled at the Effective Time and, subject
to Section 2.03, no consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor.

(c) Conversion of Company Common Stock. Subject to Sections 2.01(b) and 2.02(f), each share of Company Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares of Company Common Stock that are owned by
stockholders (“Dissenting Stockholders”) who have made and not withdrawn a demand for appraisal rights in accordance with
Section 262 of the DGCL (each such share of Company Common Stock, an “Excluded Share” and, collectively, the “Excluded
Shares”) shall be converted into the right to receive any of the following forms of consideration (the “Merger Consideration”):

(i) for each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive only Parent Common Shares
(a “Share Election”) has been validly made and not revoked (collectively, the “Share Election Shares”), the right to receive
1.6305 fully paid and nonassessable Parent Common Shares (the “Share Consideration”);

(ii) for each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive both Parent Common
Shares and cash (a “Mixed Election”) has been validly made and not revoked (collectively, the “Mixed Election Shares”),
the right to receive (A) 0.6522 fully paid and nonassessable Parent Common Shares (the “Mixed Share Consideration”) plus
(B) $18.45 in cash (the “Mixed Cash Consideration” and, together with the Mixed Share Consideration, the “Mixed
Consideration”);

(iii) for each share of Company Common Stock with respect to which an election to receive only cash (a “Cash
Election”) has been validly made and not revoked (collectively, the “Cash Election Shares”), the right to receive $30.75 in
cash (the “Cash Consideration”); and

(iv) for each share of Company Common Stock other than shares as to which a Share Election, Mixed Election or Cash
Election has been validly made and not revoked (collectively, the “Non-Election Shares”, and the failure to make either a
Share Election, Mixed Election or Cash Election, a “Non-Election”), the right to receive the Mixed Consideration.

(d) All such shares of Company Common Stock, when so converted pursuant to Section 2.01(c), shall no longer be
outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate that immediately prior to the
Effective Time represented any such shares of Company Common Stock (each, a “Certificate”) (other than any Excluded Shares) and
each holder of shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form (other than any Excluded Shares) shall, in each case, cease
to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to receive the Merger Consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional Parent
Common Shares to be issued or paid in consideration therefor and any dividends or other distributions to which holders become
entitled in accordance with Section 2.02, without interest. For purposes of this Agreement, “Parent Common Shares” means the
common shares, par value $0.01 per share, of Parent. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if between the date of this Agreement and the
Effective Time the number of outstanding Parent Common Shares or shares of Company Common Stock shall have been changed into
a different number of shares or a different class, by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split,
combination or exchange of shares, or any similar event shall have occurred, then any number or amount contained herein which is
based upon the number of Parent Common Shares or shares of Company Common Stock, as the case may be, will be appropriately
adjusted to provide to Parent and the holders of Company
 

A-3



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 215/217

Table of Contents

Common Stock the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event. The right of any holder of Company
Common Stock to receive the Merger Consideration shall be subject in all cases to the provisions of Section 2.02.

SECTION 2.02. Exchange of Certificates; Book-Entry Shares. (a) Exchange Agent. Prior to the Mailing Date, Parent shall
appoint a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company to act as exchange agent (the “Exchange Agent”) for the
payment of the Merger Consideration. At or prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent, for the benefit
of the holders of Company Common Stock, for exchange in accordance with this Article II through the Exchange Agent, (i) the
aggregate number of Parent Common Shares to be issued pursuant to Section 2.01(c) and (ii) an amount of cash representing the
aggregate amount of cash payable pursuant to 2.01(c). In addition, Parent shall deposit from time to time as needed, cash sufficient to
make payments in lieu of fractional shares pursuant to Section 2.02(f). All such Parent Common Shares and cash deposited with the
Exchange Agent is hereinafter referred to as the “Exchange Fund”.

(b) Letter of Transmittal. As promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, and in any event not later than the third
Business Day thereafter, Parent shall cause the Exchange Agent to mail to each holder of record of Company Common Stock (other
than Excluded Shares) a form of letter of transmittal (the “Letter of Transmittal”) (which shall specify that delivery shall be effected,
and risk of loss and title to any Certificates shall pass, only upon delivery of such Certificates to the Exchange Agent and shall be in
such form and have such other provisions (including customary provisions with respect to delivery of an “agent’s message” with
respect to shares held in book-entry form) as Parent may specify subject to the Company’s reasonable approval), together with
instructions thereto.

(c) Merger Consideration Received in Connection with Exchange. Upon (i) in the case of shares of Company Common
Stock represented by a Certificate, the surrender of such Certificate for cancellation to the Exchange Agent, or (ii) in the case of shares
of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form, the receipt of an “agent’s message” by the Exchange Agent, in each case
together with the associated Letter of Transmittal, duly, completely and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto,
and such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Exchange Agent, the holder of such shares shall be entitled to receive
in exchange therefor (i) that number of whole Parent Common Shares that such holder is entitled to receive pursuant to Section 2.01(c)
and/or (ii) an amount of immediately available funds equal to (x) the cash amount that such holder is entitled to receive pursuant to
Section 2.01(c) plus (y) any cash in lieu of fractional shares which the holder has the right to receive pursuant to 2.02(f) plus (z) any
dividends or other distributions which the holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.02(d). In the event of a transfer of
ownership of Company Common Stock which is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, a certificate representing the
proper number of Parent Common Shares pursuant to Section 2.01(c), together with a check in the amount equal to any cash payable
pursuant to Section 2.01(c) and any cash in lieu of fractional shares which the holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.02(f)
and any dividends or other distributions which the holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 2.02(d) may be issued and/or paid
to a transferee if the Certificate representing such Company Common Stock (or, if such Company Common Stock is held in book-entry
form, proper evidence of such transfer) is presented to the Exchange Agent, accompanied by all documents required to evidence and
effect such transfer and by evidence that any applicable stock transfer Taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this
Section 2.02(c), each share of Company Common Stock, and any Certificate with respect thereto shall be deemed at any time from and
after the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration which the holders of shares
of Company Common Stock were entitled to receive in respect of such shares pursuant to Section 2.01 (and cash in lieu of fractional
shares pursuant to Section 2.02(f) and any dividends or other distributions pursuant to Section 2.02(d)). No interest shall be paid or
shall accrue on the cash payable upon surrender of any Certificate (or shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form).

(d) Treatment of Unexchanged Shares. No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Parent Common
Shares with a record date after the Effective Time shall be paid to the holder of any
 

A-4



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 216/217

Table of Contents

unsurrendered Certificate (or shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form) with respect to the number of Parent
Common Shares issuable upon surrender thereof, and no cash payment in lieu of fractional shares shall be paid to any such holder
pursuant to Section 2.02(f), until the surrender of such Certificate (or such shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry
form) in accordance with this Article II. Subject to escheat, Tax or other applicable Law, following surrender of any such Certificate (or
shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form), there shall be paid to the holder of the certificate representing whole
Parent Common Shares issued in exchange therefor, without interest, (i) at the time of such surrender, the amount of any cash payable
in lieu of a fractional Parent Common Share to which such holder is entitled pursuant to Section 2.02(f) and the amount of dividends or
other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time theretofore paid with respect to such whole Parent Common Shares and
(ii) at the appropriate payment date, the amount of dividends or other distributions with a record date after the Effective Time but prior
to such surrender and a payment date subsequent to such surrender payable with respect to such whole Parent Common Shares.

(e) No Further Ownership Rights in Company Common Stock. The Merger Consideration, any dividends or other
distributions payable pursuant to Section 2.02(d) and cash in lieu of any fractional shares payable pursuant to Section 2.02(f) paid upon
the surrender of Certificates (or shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form) in accordance with the terms of this
Article II shall be deemed to have been issued and paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to the shares of Company Common
Stock formerly represented by such Certificates (or shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form). From and after the
Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares of
Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. If, after the Effective Time, any Certificates
formerly representing shares of Company Common Stock (or shares of Company Common Stock held in book-entry form) are
presented to Parent or the Exchange Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled and exchanged as provided in this Article II.

(f) No Fractional Shares. No certificates or scrip representing fractional Parent Common Shares shall be issued upon the
conversion of Company Common Stock pursuant to Section 2.01, and such fractional share interests shall not entitle the owner thereof
to vote or to any rights of a holder of Parent Common Shares. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, each holder of
shares of Company Common Stock converted pursuant to the Merger who, based on the Share Consideration or Mixed Share
Consideration, as applicable, would have been entitled to receive a fraction of a Parent Common Share (after taking into account all
shares of Company Common Stock exchanged by such holder, including shares that are the subject of valid affidavits of loss thereof)
shall receive, in lieu thereof, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to such fractional amount multiplied by the closing sale price
for Parent Common Shares on the New York Stock Exchange (the “NYSE”) (as reported in The Wall Street Journal or, if not reported
therein, in another authoritative source mutually selected by Parent and the Company) for the trading day immediately preceding the
date of the Effective Time.

(g) Termination of Exchange Fund. Any portion of the Exchange Fund (including any interest received with respect thereto)
that remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock for one year after the Effective Time shall be delivered to Parent,
upon demand, and any holder of Company Common Stock (other than Excluded Shares) who has not theretofore complied with this
Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of its claim for Merger Consideration, any cash in lieu of fractional shares
and any dividends and distributions to which such holder is entitled pursuant to this Article II.

(h) No Liability. None of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the Exchange Agent shall be liable to any Person in respect
of any portion of the Exchange Fund delivered to a public official in compliance with any applicable abandoned property, escheat or
similar Law. Any portion of the Exchange Fund which remains undistributed to the holders of Company Common Stock immediately
prior to such date on which the Exchange Fund otherwise would be required to escheat to, or become the property of, any
Governmental Entity, shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, become the property of Parent, free and clear of all claims or
interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.
 

A-5



9/18/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1487986/000119312517304638/d440513ddefm14a.htm 217/217

Table of Contents

(i) Investment of Exchange Fund. The Exchange Agent shall invest any cash in the Exchange Fund as directed by Parent.
Any interest and other income resulting from such investments shall be paid to Parent. Parent shall or shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to promptly replace or restore the cash in the Exchange Fund so as to ensure that the Exchange Fund is at all times
maintained at a level sufficient for the Exchange Agent to make all payments of Merger Consideration in accordance herewith. No
investment losses resulting from investment of the funds deposited with the Exchange Agent shall diminish the rights of any holder of
shares of Company Common Stock to receive the Merger Consideration as provided herein.

(j) Withholding Rights. Each of Parent and the Exchange Agent (without duplication) shall be entitled to deduct and
withhold from the consideration otherwise payable to any holder of Company Common Stock pursuant to this Agreement such
amounts as may be required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment under the Code, or any other
applica


