







































9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 1/181

DEFM14A 1 s001856x2_defm14a.htm DEFM14A
TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant ☒       Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  o

Check the appropriate box:

 o Preliminary Proxy Statement

 o Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒ Definitive Proxy Statement

 o Definitive Additional Materials

 o Soliciting Material under Rule 14a-12

PharMerica Corporation
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):
 o No fee required.
 o Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.
 (1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 (2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 (3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (Set forth the

amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 (4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 (5) Total fee paid:
☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.
 o Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the

offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and
the date of its filing.

 (1) Amount Previously Paid:
 (2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 (3) Filing Party:
 (4) Date Filed:



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 2/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PHARMERICA CORPORATION
1901 Campus Place

Louisville, Kentucky 40299

October 3, 2017

Dear Stockholder:

You are cordially invited to attend a special meeting of the stockholders of PharMerica Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the
“Company”), which we will hold at the Louisville Marriott Downtown, 280 West Jefferson Street, Louisville, KY 40202, on
November 9, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. local time.

At the special meeting, holders of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“common stock”), will be asked to consider and
vote on a proposal to adopt an Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “merger agreement”),
dated as of August 1, 2017, by and among the Company, Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and
Phoenix Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”). Under the merger
agreement, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the “merger”), and each share of common stock outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than certain shares as set forth in the merger agreement) will be
converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $29.25 per share (such amount, the “merger consideration”) without
interest and subject to any required tax withholding. If the merger is completed, the Company will become a subsidiary of Parent, an
entity which is an affiliate of investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) and, at the closing of
the merger, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“WBA”) will acquire a minority ownership interest in Parent.

The board of directors of the Company (the “board”) unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved,
adopted and authorized the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved to recommend,
subject to the provisions of the merger agreement, the adoption of the merger agreement, including the merger, by the
stockholders of the Company and directed that such matter be submitted for consideration of the stockholders of the
Company at the special meeting.

The board unanimously recommends that the stockholders of the Company vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement.

At the special meeting, stockholders will also be asked to vote on (i) an advisory (non-binding) proposal to approve specified
compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger
and (ii) a proposal to approve the adjournment of the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit
additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement. The board unanimously recommends that the stockholders of the Company vote “FOR” each of these proposals.

The enclosed proxy statement describes the merger agreement, the merger and related agreements and provides specific information
concerning the special meeting. In addition, you may obtain information about us from documents filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission (the “SEC”). We urge you to, and you should, read the entire proxy statement carefully, including the
annexes and the documents referred to or incorporated by reference in the proxy statement, as it sets forth the details of the merger
agreement and other important information related to the merger.

Your vote is very important. The merger cannot be completed unless holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. If you fail to vote on the adoption of the merger
agreement, the effect will be the same as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement.

While stockholders may exercise their right to vote their shares of common stock in person, we recognize that many stockholders
may not be able to attend the special meeting. Accordingly, we have enclosed a proxy card that will enable your shares of common
stock to be voted on the matters to be considered at the special meeting even if you are unable to attend. If you desire your shares of
common stock to be voted in accordance with the board’s recommendation, you need only sign, date and return the proxy card in the
enclosed postage-paid envelope. Otherwise, please mark the proxy to indicate your voting instructions; date and sign the proxy card;
and return it in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. You also may submit a proxy by using a toll-free telephone number or the
Internet. We have provided instructions on the proxy card for using these convenient services. Submitting a proxy will not prevent
you from voting your shares of common stock in person if you subsequently choose to attend the special meeting. Even if you plan
to attend the special meeting in person, we request that you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card and thus ensure
that your shares of common stock will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to attend.



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 3/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee you should follow the directions
provided by your broker, bank or other nominee regarding how to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares of
common stock. Without those instructions, your shares of common stock will not be voted, which will have the same effect as
voting against the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

If you have any questions or need assistance in voting your shares of common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor, Mackenzie
Partners, Inc., toll free at 800-322-2885.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of
PharMerica Corporation,

 

GREGORY S. WEISHAR
Chief Executive Officer

Louisville, Kentucky
October 3, 2017

Neither the SEC nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved the merger, passed upon the merits or
fairness of the merger or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to
the contrary is a criminal offense.

This proxy statement is dated October 3, 2017 and is first being mailed to stockholders on or about October 3, 2017.



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 4/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PHARMERICA CORPORATION
1901 Campus Place

Louisville, Kentucky 40299

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

To the Stockholders of PharMerica Corporation:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a Special Meeting of the Stockholders of PharMerica Corporation, a Delaware corporation
(“PharMerica,” the “Company” or “we”), will be held at the Louisville Marriott Downtown, 280 West Jefferson Street, Louisville,
KY 40202, at 9:00 a.m. local time on November 9, 2017, for the following purposes:

1. to consider and vote on a proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time,
the “merger agreement”), dated as of August 1, 2017, by and among the Company, Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc., a
Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent (“Merger Sub”);

2. to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, specified compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named
executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger;

3. to approve the adjournment of the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional
proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement; and

4. to act upon other business as may properly come before the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof
by or at the direction of the board.

The holders of record of our common stock, par value $0.01 per share (“common stock”), at the close of business on September 28,
2017, are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or at any adjournment thereof. All stockholders are
cordially invited to attend the special meeting in person.

The board of directors of the Company (the “board”) unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted and authorized
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved to recommend, subject to the provisions of the
merger agreement, the adoption of the merger agreement, including the merger, by the stockholders of the Company and directed
that such matter be submitted for consideration of the stockholders of the Company at the special meeting.

The board unanimously recommends that the stockholders of the Company vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, “FOR” the advisory (non-binding) proposal to approve specified compensation that may be paid or become
payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger and “FOR” the proposal to adjourn
the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes
at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares of common stock you own. The adoption of the merger agreement by the
affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock as of the record date is a condition to the
consummation of the merger. The advisory (non-binding) proposal to approve specified compensation that may be paid or become
payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger and the proposal to adjourn the special
meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement each requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of
the shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Even if you plan
to attend the special meeting in person, we request that you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card and thus
ensure that your shares of common stock will be represented at the special meeting if you are unable to attend. A failure to
vote your shares of common stock or an abstention from voting will have the same effect as a vote against the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement.

You also may submit your proxy by using a toll-free telephone number or the Internet. We have provided instructions on the proxy
card for using these convenient services.

If you sign, date and return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor of the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement, the advisory (non-binding) proposal to approve specified compensation that may be paid or
become payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger and the proposal to adjourn the
special meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time
of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If you fail to vote or submit your proxy, the effect will
be that your shares of common stock will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 5/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

quorum is present at the special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote against the adoption of the merger agreement, but
will not affect the advisory vote to approve specified compensation that may become payable to the named executive officers of the
Company in connection with the merger and the vote regarding the adjournment of the special meeting to solicit additional proxies,
if necessary or appropriate.

Your proxy may be revoked at any time before the vote at the special meeting by following the procedures outlined in the
accompanying proxy statement.

On behalf of the Board of Directors of
PharMerica Corporation,

 

GREGORY S. WEISHAR
Chief Executive Officer
Louisville, Kentucky
October 3, 2017



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 6/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 Page
SUMMARY  1 

The Parties to the Merger Agreement  1 
The Special Meeting  1 
Proposals to Be Voted on at the Special Meeting  2 
Effect of Merger  2 
Record Date, Stockholders Entitled to Vote and Quorum  2 
Required Vote  2 
Voting by the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers  3 
Conditions to Completion of the Merger  3 
When the Merger Becomes Effective  4 
Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors  4 
Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors  4 
Opinion of UBS  4 
Opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch  4 
Treatment of Company Stock Options and Company RSU Awards  5 
Additional Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger  5 
Financing  6 
Limited Guarantees  6 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger  6 
Regulatory Approvals  7 
Antitrust Support Side Letter  7 
Litigation Relating to the Merger  7 
No Solicitation  8 
Termination  9 
Termination Fees  10 
Expenses  10 
Rights of Appraisal  10 

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER  11 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS  17 
THE PARTIES TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT  18 

PharMerica Corporation  18 
Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.  18 

THE SPECIAL MEETING  19 
Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting  19 
Purpose of the Special Meeting  19 
Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors  19 
Record Date, Stockholders Entitled to Vote and Quorum  19 
Required Vote  20 
Voting by the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers  20 
Voting; Proxies; Revocation  20 
Abstentions  22 
Adjournments and Postponements  22 
Solicitation of Proxies  22 
Other Information  22 

THE MERGER (PROPOSAL 1)  23 
Certain Effects of the Merger  23 
Background of the Merger  23 
Reasons for the Merger  31 
Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors  35 

i



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 7/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 Page
Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors  35 
Opinion of UBS  35 
Opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch  42 
Financing  51 
Limited Guarantees  53 
Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger  54 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger  60 
Regulatory Approvals  61 
Antitrust Undertakings in the Merger Agreement and Antitrust Support Side Letter  62 
Litigation Relating to the Merger  62 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT  64 
ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION

(PROPOSAL 2)  85 
VOTE ON ADJOURNMENT (PROPOSAL 3)  86 
MARKET PRICE OF THE COMPANY’S COMMON STOCK  87 
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT  88 
RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL  90 
MULTIPLE STOCKHOLDERS SHARING ONE ADDRESS  93 
SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS  93 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION  96 

Annex
Annex A Agreement and Plan of Merger A-Cover
Annex B Opinion of UBS Securities LLC B-1
Annex C Opinion of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated C-1
Annex D Antitrust Support Side Letter D-1
Annex E Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware E-1

ii



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 8/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY

This summary discusses material information contained in this proxy statement, including with respect to the merger agreement,
the merger and the other agreements entered into in connection with the merger. We encourage you to read carefully this entire
proxy statement, its annexes and the documents referred to or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, as well as any
amendments thereto or other related documents filed with the SEC, as this Summary may not contain all of the information that
may be important to you. The items in this Summary include page references directing you to a more complete description of that
topic in this proxy statement.

Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, in this proxy statement, all references to:

• “PharMerica,” the “Company,” “we,” “our,” or “us” refer to PharMerica Corporation, a Delaware corporation;

• “Parent” refers to Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation;

• “Merger Sub” refers to Phoenix Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent;

• “common stock” refers to the Company’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share;

• the “board” refers to the board of directors of the Company;

• the “merger agreement” refers to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 1, 2017, as it may be amended
from time to time, by and among the Company, Parent and Merger Sub, a copy of which is included as Annex A to this
proxy statement;

• the “merger” refers to the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the
surviving corporation; and

• the “SEC” refers to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

The Parties to the Merger Agreement

PharMerica Corporation

PharMerica Corporation is a Delaware corporation. PharMerica is a national provider of institutional pharmacy, specialty infusion
and hospital pharmacy management services. PharMerica’s common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange, referred to
as the “NYSE,” under the symbol “PMC”. See “The Parties to the Merger Agreement—PharMerica Corporation” beginning on
page 18 of this proxy statement.

Additional information about PharMerica is contained in our public filings with the SEC that are incorporated by reference
herein. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information” beginning on page 96 of this proxy statement.

Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.

Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. is a Delaware corporation. Phoenix Merger Sub Inc. is a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.
(“KKR”) and, at the closing of the merger, an affiliate of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“WBA”) will acquire a minority
ownership interest in Parent. Both Parent and Merger Sub were formed solely for the purpose of entering into the merger
agreement and consummating the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and have not engaged in any business
except for activities incidental to their formation and as contemplated by the merger agreement. See “The Parties to the Merger
Agreement—Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.” beginning on page 18 of this proxy statement.

The Special Meeting

The special meeting of the stockholders of the Company will be held at the Louisville Marriott Downtown, 280 West Jefferson
Street, Louisville, KY 40202, on November 9, 2017, at 9:00 a.m. local time (the “special meeting”).

1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 9/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Proposals to Be Voted on at the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:

• the proposal to adopt the merger agreement (the “merger proposal”);

• the proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, specified compensation that may be paid or become
payable to the named executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger (the “compensation proposal”);
and

• the proposal to approve the adjournment of the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit
additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the
merger agreement (the “adjournment proposal”).

Effect of Merger

The merger agreement provides that at the effective time of the merger each outstanding share of common stock (other than
shares of common stock held by the Company as treasury stock (other than shares in a Company Plan (as defined in the merger
agreement)), any subsidiary of the Company, Parent, any subsidiary of Parent (including Merger Sub) and holders who are
entitled to and properly exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law) (collectively, the “excluded shares”)), will be converted
into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $29.25 per share (the “merger consideration”). Following the merger, the
Company will become a privately held company, wholly owned by Parent, and the Company’s common stock will be delisted
from the NYSE and deregistered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). Parent is an
affiliate of investment funds affiliated with KKR and, at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
affiliates of WBA will acquire a minority ownership interest in Parent.

Record Date, Stockholders Entitled to Vote and Quorum

Only holders of record of the shares of common stock as of the close of business on September 28, 2017 (the “record date”), will
be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournments thereof. As of the record date, there were
31,118,927 shares of common stock outstanding.

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote for each share of common stock owned at
the close of business on the record date.

A majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, represented in person or by proxy, constitutes a
quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting. Proxies received but marked as abstentions of common stock will
be included in the calculation of the number of shares of common stock considered to be present at the special meeting in
determining a quorum. There will be no broker non-votes at the special meeting, as described below under the heading “—
Required Vote”. Under our amended and restated by-laws (“by-laws”), in the absence of a quorum at the special meeting, the
meeting of stockholders may be adjourned by the Chairman of the board or, in the event of his or her absence or disability, a
presiding officer chosen by the board.

Required Vote

For the Company to complete the merger, under Delaware law, stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of common
stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon must vote “FOR” the merger proposal. In addition, under the merger agreement,
the receipt of such required vote is a condition to the consummation of the merger. A failure to vote your shares of common
stock, an abstention from voting or the failure, with respect of shares of common stock held in “street name” through a broker,
bank or other nominee, to give voting instructions to such broker, bank or other nominee, will have the same effect as a vote
against the merger proposal.

The compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal each requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares
of common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Accordingly, not voting at
the special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of these proposals, but abstentions will have the effect of a vote against
these proposals.

Under NYSE rules, brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares of common stock in “street name” for a beneficial owner
of those shares typically have the authority to vote in their discretion on “routine” proposals

2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 10/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

when they have not received instructions from beneficial owners. However, brokers, banks or other nominees are not allowed to
exercise their voting discretion with respect to the approval of matters that are “non-routine” without specific instructions from
the beneficial owner. All proposals to be voted on by you at the special meeting are “non-routine” matters, and therefore brokers
do not have discretionary authority to vote on any of the proposals. Broker non-votes occur when a broker, bank or other nominee
is not instructed by the beneficial owner of shares of common stock to vote on a particular proposal for which the broker does not
have discretionary voting power. Accordingly, there can be no broker non-votes at the special meeting, so failure to provide
instructions to your broker or other nominee on how to vote will result in your shares of common stock not being counted as
present at the meeting.

Voting by the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date for the special meeting, the Company’s directors and executive officers and their
affiliates beneficially owned and had the right to vote 1,452,742 shares of common stock at the special meeting, which represents
approximately 4.67% of the shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

It is expected that the Company’s directors and executive officers and their affiliates will vote their shares of common stock:

• “FOR” the adoption of the merger proposal;

• “FOR” the adjournment proposal; and

• “FOR” the compensation proposal.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

The obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
following conditions:

• the adoption of the merger agreement by the required vote of the Company’s stockholders;

• the expiration or termination of any applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), and the receipt of all antitrust approvals required by the laws of Bosnia, China,
the European Union and Turkey; and

• the absence of any order or law that prohibits the merger.

The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Parent) of the
following additional conditions, among others:

• the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company (subject to materiality, material adverse effect and
other qualifications specified in the merger agreement);

• the Company having performed in all material respects its obligations under the merger agreement;

• since the date of the merger agreement, there having been no Company material adverse effect; and

• holders of not more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock have properly exercised, and not withdrawn,
their dissenters’ rights under Section 262 of the DGCL.

The obligations of the Company to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company) of the
following additional conditions, among others:

• the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub (subject to materiality, knowledge and
other qualifications specified in the merger agreement); and

• Parent and Merger Sub having performed in all material respects all of their obligations under the merger agreement.

3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 11/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

When the Merger Becomes Effective

We anticipate completing the merger by early 2018, subject to the adoption of the merger agreement by the Company’s
stockholders as specified herein and the satisfaction of the other closing conditions (and completion of the marketing period) as
described in the section entitled “Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 79 of this proxy statement.

Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors

The board unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby are fair to and in the
best interests of the Company and its stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted and authorized the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved to recommend, subject to the provisions of the merger agreement, the
adoption of the merger agreement, including the merger, by the stockholders of the Company and directed that such matter be
submitted for consideration of the stockholders of the Company at the special meeting. The board unanimously recommends that
the stockholders of the Company vote “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation proposal and “FOR” the
adjournment proposal. For a description of the reasons considered by the board in deciding to recommend approval of the merger
proposal, see “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 31 of this proxy statement.

Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors

Opinion of UBS

On August 1, 2017, at a meeting of the board held to evaluate the merger and the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, PharMerica’s financial advisor, UBS Securities LLC (“UBS”), delivered to the board an oral opinion,
which opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated August 1, 2017, to the effect that, as of that
date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations described in its
written opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of common stock (other than Parent, Merger Sub and their
affiliates) in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of UBS’s opinion to the board describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and
qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS. The opinion is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B and
is incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. The summary of UBS’s opinion in this proxy statement is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of UBS’s written opinion. Holders of common stock are encouraged to read UBS’s
opinion carefully in its entirety. UBS’s opinion was provided for the benefit of PharMerica’s board (in its capacity as such)
in connection with, and for the purpose of, its evaluation of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of
common stock (other than Parent, Merger Sub and their affiliates) in the merger from a financial point of view, and does
not address any other aspect of the merger or any related transaction. UBS’s opinion does not address the relative merits
of the merger or any related transaction as compared to other business strategies or transactions that might be available
with respect to PharMerica or PharMerica’s underlying business decision to effect the merger or any related transaction.
UBS’s opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of PharMerica as to how such stockholder should
vote or act with respect to the merger or any related transaction.

Opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch

In connection with the merger, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (“BofA Merrill Lynch”), the Company’s
financial advisor, delivered to the board a written opinion, dated August 1, 2017, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
and as of the date of the opinion, of the merger consideration to be received in the merger by holders of shares of common stock.
The full text of the written opinion, dated August 1, 2017, of BofA Merrill Lynch, which describes, among other things, the
assumptions made, procedures followed, factors considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to
this document and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. BofA Merrill Lynch provided its opinion to the board (in
its capacity as such) for the benefit and use of the board in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the
merger consideration from a financial point of view. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other aspect of
the merger and no opinion or view was expressed as to the relative merits of the merger in comparison to other strategies
or transactions that might be available to the Company or in which the

4



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 12/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company might engage or as to the underlying business decision of the Company to proceed with or effect the merger.
BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger and does not constitute a recommendation
to any stockholder as to how to vote or act in connection with the proposed merger or any other matter.

Treatment of Company Stock Options and Company RSU Awards

Under the merger agreement, equity-based awards held by the Company’s directors and executive officers as of the effective time
of the merger will be treated at the effective time of the merger as follows:

Company Stock Options. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and any holder, each option to purchase shares of common
stock granted under any employee or director plan (the “Company Plan”) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time,
whether vested or unvested, will become fully vested and exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time and will be
cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i)
the excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the applicable per share exercise price of such option multiplied by (ii) the
number of shares of common stock subject to such option.

Company RSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and any holder, each restricted stock unit which has not
vested or will not vest as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time, be cancelled and in substitution thereof, such
holder will be eligible to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the merger
consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock subject to such unvested company stock unit (the “RSU
Payment”). The RSU Payment will initially be unvested and will vest, subject to continued employment or service, based on the
same vesting schedule applicable to such cancelled restricted stock unit, subject to any applicable vesting upon a termination of
the holder’s employment under the applicable Company Plan and award agreement that relates to the original restricted stock
unit. Restricted stock units held by certain employees may become vested in connection with the merger and, in some cases, upon
a qualifying termination of employment, pursuant to applicable award agreements or employment agreements or other contractual
arrangements with the Company. The agreements with the named executive officers are described under the section entitled
“Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger – Change in Control and Severance Arrangements”
beginning on page 55 of this proxy statement.

Company PSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and the holder thereof, each performance stock unit which
has not vested or will not vest as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time, be cancelled and in substitution
thereof, such holder will be eligible to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i)
the merger consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock subject to such unvested performance stock
unit, calculated assuming target performance levels (the “PSU Payment”). The PSU Payment will initially be unvested and will
vest, subject to continued employment or service, on the last day of the performance period applicable to such cancelled
performance stock unit, subject to any applicable vesting upon a termination of the holder’s employment under the applicable
Company Plan and award agreement that relates to the original performance stock unit. Performance stock units held by certain
employees may become vested in connection with the merger and, in some cases, upon a qualifying termination of employment,
pursuant to applicable award agreements or employment agreements or other contractual arrangements with the Company. The
agreements with the named executive officers are described under the section entitled “Interests of the Company’s Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger – Change in Control and Severance Arrangements” beginning on page 55 of this proxy
statement.

Additional Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the board with respect to the merger proposal, you should be aware that some of the
Company’s directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of the Company’s stockholders generally. Interests of
officers and directors that may be different from or in addition to the interests of the Company’s stockholders include, among
others:

• Under the terms of the director award agreements their restricted stock units will vest upon the closing of the
Transaction and the merger agreement provides that vested outstanding Company equity awards will be cashed out.

5



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 13/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• The Company’s executive officers, with the exception of Berard Tomassetti, have employment agreements that provide
for accelerated or continued vesting of equity awards and enhanced severance benefits in the event of a qualifying
termination of employment six months prior to or within 24 months following a change in control for Gregory Weishar;
and within one year following a change in control for Robert Dries, Suresh Vishnubhatla, Robert McKay and Thomas
Caneris.

• The Company’s directors and executive officers are entitled to continued indemnification and insurance coverage under
indemnification agreements and the merger agreement.

These interests are discussed in more detail in the section entitled “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Interests of the Company’s
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 54 of this proxy statement. The board was aware of the
different or additional interests set forth herein and considered such interests along with other matters in approving the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger.

Financing

The Company and Parent anticipate that the total amount of funds required to complete the merger and the related transactions
and pay related fees and expenses will be funded through a combination of the following:

• equity financing of $450 million, including (i) $315 million to be provided by KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (“KKR
Americas XII”), or any of its affiliates to which KKR Americas XII assigns all or a portion of its commitment, and (ii)
$135 million to be provided by WBA, or any of its affiliates to which WBA assigns all or a portion of its commitment;
and

• borrowings under a $1,100 million senior secured credit facility, comprised of a $815 million first lien term loan
facility, a $100 million senior secured revolving credit facility (which revolving credit facility is not intended to provide
funding for the merger, provided, that $20 million of the revolving credit facility is available to fund transaction
expenses related to the merger) and a $185 million senior secured second lien term loan facility.

The consummation of the merger is not subject to any financing-related condition (although the funding of the debt financing is
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the debt commitment letter under which the debt financing will be
provided).

Limited Guarantees

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in limited guarantees in favor of the Company from each of KKR Americas XII and
WBA (the “limited guarantees”), dated August 1, 2017 and executed concurrently with the execution of the merger agreement,
KKR Americas XII and WBA have guaranteed the payment obligations of Parent with respect to the following:

• Parent’s obligation under the merger agreement to pay the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee, as applicable, if the merger agreement is terminated by the Company under specified circumstances
(see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees—Parent Termination Fee and Parent Regulatory
Termination Fee” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement);

• other than in a circumstance in which the Company is permitted to terminate the merger agreement and receive the
Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee, as applicable, any money damages in an amount,
individually or in the aggregate, of no more than the amount of the Parent termination fee, that may be owed by Parent
and/or Merger Sub to the Company as a result of a Willful Breach of the merger agreement by Parent and/or Merger
Sub in accordance with (and subject to the limitations in) the merger agreement; and

• following termination of the merger agreement, Parent’s reimbursement and indemnification obligations under the
merger agreement relating to financing cooperation.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

In general, the merger will be a taxable transaction for holders of shares of common stock. For U.S. federal income tax purposes,
if you are a U.S. holder (as defined in “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger” beginning on page 60 of this proxy statement) you will generally

6



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 14/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

recognize gain or loss measured by the difference, if any, between the cash you receive (before reduction for any applicable
withholding tax) in the merger and your tax basis in the shares of common stock exchanged in the merger. Gain or loss will be
determined separately for each block of your shares of common stock (i.e., shares acquired at the same cost in a single
transaction). You should consult your own tax advisor about the tax consequences to you of the merger in light of your particular
circumstances.

Regulatory Approvals

Under the HSR Act and related rules, certain transactions, including the merger, may not be completed until notifications have
been given and information furnished to the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (“Antitrust Division”)
and the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”) and all statutory waiting period requirements have been satisfied or early termination
has been granted by the applicable agencies. On August 15, 2017, both the Company and Parent filed their respective Notification
and Report Forms with the Antitrust Division and the FTC. Early termination of the HSR waiting period was received on August
25, 2017.

Under the merger agreement, the parties’ obligations to complete the merger are conditional on the receipt of all antitrust
approvals required by the laws of Bosnia, China, the European Union and Turkey. To date, the parties have submitted merger
notification filings in Bosnia, China, the European Union and Turkey. On September 28, 2017, the merger was granted clearance
in Turkey.

Antitrust Support Side Letter

In connection with the merger agreement, the Company, KKR Americas XII and WBA have entered into an Antitrust Support
Side Letter (the “antitrust support side letter”) pursuant to which KKR Americas XII and WBA have agreed to use reasonable
best efforts to take all actions necessary to enable Parent to comply with certain of its obligations under the merger agreement,
including obtaining regulatory approvals necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
subject to certain exceptions, including the limitation that KKR, WBA and their respective affiliates (including KKR Americas
XII and any other investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio
company or investment of KKR or of any such investment fund or investment vehicle, other than Parent and its subsidiaries) will
have no obligation to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate arrangement, change to its assets or business,
litigation or any other action to obtain antitrust or competition approvals, and Parent will have no obligation to cause WBA, KKR
or such affiliates to take any such actions. In addition, each of WBA, WBA’s affiliates (excluding Parent and Merger Sub, whose
obligations are governed by the merger agreement) and KKR Americas XII will use reasonable best efforts not to undertake,
announce or enter into certain transactions that involve any (A) long term care pharmacy or (B) business that provides home
infusion therapy services to patients, if, in the case of (A) or (B), any of such transactions would be reasonably expected to result
in any material impediment or material delay in obtaining applicable clearances required under any applicable antitrust laws;
provided that nothing in the antitrust support side letter or merger agreement will in any way restrict the activities of KKR or any
of its affiliates (excluding KKR Americas XII but including any other investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or
managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio company or investment of KKR or of KKR Americas XII or any such other
investment fund or investment vehicle). A copy of the antitrust support side letter is attached to this proxy statement as Annex D.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

As of the date of this proxy statement, two putative securities class action lawsuits related to the proposed merger have been filed
by purported stockholders of PharMerica. These lawsuits, captioned Martin v. PharMerica Corp., et al. (Case No. 1:17-cv-
01301) (the “Martin Action”) and Berg v. PharMerica Corp., et al. (Case No. 3:17-CV-582-DJH) (the “Berg Action” and,
together with the Martin Action, the “Actions”), were filed in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware on
September 13, 2017 and in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky on September 20, 2017,
respectively. The Actions name as defendants PharMerica, the members of the PharMerica board of directors and, in the case of
the Berg Action, Parent and Merger Sub. The Actions generally allege, among other things, that the individual director defendants
caused PharMerica to file a materially incomplete and misleading proxy statement relating to the proposed merger in violation of
Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The Martin Action seeks, among other relief, to enjoin the defendants from
proceeding with the stockholder vote on the proposed merger or consummating the proposed merger, and in the event the merger
is consummated, to recover damages in an

7



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 15/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

unspecified amount. The Berg Action seeks, among other relief, to enjoin the defendants from proceeding with or consummating
the proposed merger or, in the event that the proposed merger is consummated, an order rescinding the merger and awarding
rescissory damages. The Actions also seek an unspecified award of attorneys’ and expert fees and expenses. PharMerica believes
that the Actions are without merit and intends to defend vigorously against all claims asserted.

No Solicitation

Under the merger agreement, the Company and its affiliates and their respective representatives may not:

• solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt to submit an “acquisition
proposal” (defined below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement – No Solicitation” beginning on page 70 of
this proxy statement) or any proposal or offer that may reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal;

• enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any confidential
information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or afford access to the business or assets of the Company
or any of its subsidiaries to or otherwise knowingly cooperate in any way with any person relating to an acquisition
proposal; or

• make an adverse recommendation change (defined below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement – No
Solicitation” beginning on page 70 of this proxy statement).

But if, prior to obtaining the stockholder approval (defined in the section entitled “Conditions to Completion of the Merger”
beginning on page 79 of this proxy statement), the Company receives a bona fide alternative proposal from a third party that the
Board determines in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel and financial advisors, is, or is reasonably likely to
lead to, a “superior proposal” (defined below in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement – No Solicitation” beginning on
page 70 of this proxy statement), then the Company may take the following actions:

• engage in negotiations or discussions with such third party with respect to such acquisition proposal; and

• provide nonpublic information to such third party after entering into a confidentiality agreement acceptable under the
terms of the merger agreement.

In order for the board to change its recommendation in response to a superior proposal or for the Company to terminate the
merger agreement to accept a superior proposal, the Company must (among other obligations):

• provide Parent with at least three business days written notice of the board’s intention to make a change in
recommendation or to terminate the merger agreement with a description of the terms of the superior proposal
including, in each case, a description of the identity of the Person making the superior proposal, the material terms and
conditions of the superior proposal and copies of the most recent drafts documentation, and its reasons for making the
change in recommendation or for terminating the merger agreement; and

• provide Parent with three business days to propose revisions to the terms of the merger agreement (and provide
additional two business day periods for any revision to the financial terms or other material amendment to such superior
proposal), and if requested by Parent, negotiate with Parent in good faith during such three business day period.

Following the end of such three business day period (and any such additional periods), after taking into account any revisions to
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement proposed by Parent, the board must determine in good faith, after consultation
with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, that such third-party acquisition proposal continues to constitute a superior
proposal and that failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its duties under applicable law. If the Company terminates
the merger agreement to enter into an agreement with a third party regarding a superior proposal or the board changes its
recommendation in response to a superior proposal and the agreement is terminated by Parent, then the Company must pay a
termination fee of $33 million to Parent (as described in more detail under the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Termination Fees—Company Termination Fee” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement).

8



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 16/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Termination

The Company and Parent may terminate the merger agreement by mutual written consent at any time before the Effective Time
of the merger. In addition, either the Company or Parent may terminate the merger agreement if:

• the Effective Time has not occurred on or before May 1, 2018, provided that the right to terminate the merger
agreement pursuant to this provision will not be available to any party whose breach of any provision of the merger
agreement is the proximate cause of the failure to consummate the merger by such time;

• there is any permanent injunction or other order issued by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
restraining, making illegal or otherwise prohibiting the merger and such injunction or order has become final and non-
appealable, provided that the right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this provision will not be available to
any party that has not complied with its obligations described under the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Reasonable Best Efforts” beginning on page 73 of this proxy statement in respect of such injunction or order; or

• the stockholder approval has not been obtained at the stockholder meeting duly convened or at any adjournment or
postponement at which the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby have been voted upon.

Parent may terminate the merger agreement if:

• (i) the Company is in material breach of the no solicitation provisions, (ii) an adverse recommendation change has
occurred, (iii) the board fails to include the Company recommendation in the proxy statement when mailed or (iv) the
board fails to publicly reaffirm the Company recommendation within three business days after receipt of a reasonable
written request to do so from Parent; or

• the Company breaches any representation or warranty or fails to perform any covenant or agreement contained in the
merger agreement that would cause the conditions to the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the
merger to be incapable of being satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by the Company by the
earlier of (i) 30 days after receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure and (ii) the end date, so
long as Parent or Merger Sub is not then in material breach of their obligations under the merger agreement.

The Company may terminate the merger agreement if:

• prior to the receipt of the stockholder approval subject to compliance with the no solicitation provisions, (i) the
Company enters into an agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
option agreement or other similar instrument relating to a superior proposal by a third party and (ii) pays to Parent the
termination fee of $33 million;

• Parent or Merger Sub breaches any representation or warranty or fails to perform any covenant or agreement contained
in the merger agreement that would cause the conditions to the obligations of the Company to consummate the merger
to be incapable of being satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by Parent or Merger Sub by the
earlier of (i) 30 days after receipt by Parent or Merger Sub of written notice of such breach or failure and (ii) the end
date, so long as the Company is not then in material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement;

• WBA or KKR Americas XII fails to perform any covenant or agreement contained in the antitrust support side letter
that would cause the conditions to the obligations of each party to consummate the merger to be incapable of being
satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by WBA or KKR Americas XII by the earlier of (i) 30 days
after receipt by WBA or KKR Americas XII of written notice of such breach or failure and (ii) the end date, so long as
the Company is not then in material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement; or

• if (i) the merger is not consummated by the third business day after the first date upon which Parent was required to
consummate the closing under the terms of the merger agreement and (ii) the Company was ready, willing, and able to
consummate the merger and provided written notice to Parent confirming such fact.

9



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 17/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Termination Fees

Upon termination of the merger agreement, under certain specified circumstances, the Company may be required to pay a
termination fee of $33 million to Parent pursuant to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. Upon termination of the
merger agreement, under certain specified circumstances, Parent may be required to pay the Company a reverse termination fee
of either $56.6 million or $133.3 million pursuant to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement. See the section entitled
“The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement for a discussion of the circumstances
under which either party will be required to pay a termination fee.

Expenses

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement
will be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense.

Rights of Appraisal

Under Delaware law, holders of shares of our common stock who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement,
who properly demand appraisal of their shares of common stock and who otherwise comply with all the requirements of Section
262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, referred to as the “DGCL,” will be entitled to seek appraisal for,
and obtain payment in cash for the judicially determined fair value of, their shares of common stock in lieu of receiving the
merger consideration if the merger is completed. This value could be more than, the same as, or less than the merger
consideration. Any holder of shares of common stock intending to exercise appraisal rights, among other things, must submit a
written demand for appraisal to us prior to the vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and must not vote in favor of
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and must otherwise strictly comply with all of the procedures required by Delaware
law. The relevant provisions of the DGCL are included as Annex E to this proxy statement. You are encouraged to read these
provisions carefully and in their entirety. If you hold your shares of common stock through a bank, brokerage firm or other
nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with your bank, brokerage firm or other nominee to
determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for appraisal by such bank, brokerage firm or nominee.
Moreover, due to the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right to seek appraisal, stockholders who are considering
exercising such rights are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel. Failure to strictly comply with these provisions will
result in the loss of the right of appraisal.

10



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 18/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE SPECIAL MEETING AND THE MERGER

The following questions and answers address briefly some questions you may have regarding the special meeting, the merger
agreement and the merger. These questions and answers may not address all questions that may be important to you as a stockholder
of the Company. Please refer to the more detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy
statement and the documents referred to or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, as well as any amendments thereto or
other related documents filed with the SEC.

Q: Why am I receiving this proxy statement?

A: On August 1, 2017, the Company entered into the merger agreement providing for the merger of Merger Sub, a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent, with and into the Company, with the Company surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of
Parent. You are receiving this proxy statement in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the board in favor of the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement and the other matters to be voted on at the special meeting.

Q: What is the proposed transaction?

A: The proposed transaction is the merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company pursuant to the merger agreement. Following
the effective time of the merger, the Company will be privately held as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent. Parent and Merger
Sub are affiliates of investment funds affiliated with KKR and, at the closing of the merger, affiliates of WBA will acquire a
minority ownership interest in Parent.

Q: What will I receive in the merger?

A: If the merger is completed, each share of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time (other than certain
shares of common stock as set forth in the merger agreement) will be converted into the right to receive $29.25 in cash (the
“merger consideration”), without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of our common stock that
you own. For example, if you own 100 shares of common stock immediately prior to the effective time, you will be entitled to
receive $2,925 in cash in exchange for your shares of common stock, less any applicable withholding taxes. You will not be
entitled to receive shares in the surviving corporation or in Parent.

Q: Where and when is the special meeting?

A: The special meeting will take place on November 9, 2017, starting at 9:00 a.m. local time at the Louisville Marriott Downtown,
280 West Jefferson Street, Louisville, KY 40202.

Q: What matters will be voted on at the special meeting?

A: You will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:

• to adopt the merger agreement;

• to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, specified compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named
executive officers of the Company in connection with the merger; and

• to approve the adjournment of the special meeting from time to time to solicit additional proxies, if necessary or
appropriate, if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement.

Q: What vote of our stockholders is required to approve the merger agreement?

A: Under Delaware law, stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of common stock outstanding at the close of
business on the record date must vote “FOR” the merger proposal. In addition, under the merger agreement, the receipt of such
required vote is a condition to the consummation of the merger. A failure to vote your shares of common stock or an abstention
from voting will have the same effect as a vote against the merger proposal.

11



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 19/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Q: What is the record date?

A: The record date for the special meeting is September 28, 2017. Only the Company’s stockholders as of the close of business on
the record date will be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the special meeting or any adjournment thereof. Shares of
common stock held by the Company as treasury shares and by the Company’s subsidiaries will not be entitled to vote at the
meeting. As of September 28, 2017, the record date for the special meeting, there were 31,118,927 shares of common stock
outstanding.

Q: How will our directors and executive officers vote on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement?

A: The directors and executive officers of the Company have informed the Company that as of the date of this proxy statement,
they intend to vote their shares of common stock in favor of the merger proposal.

As of September 28, 2017, the record date for the special meeting, the directors and current executive officers owned, in the
aggregate, 4.67% of the outstanding shares of common stock of the Company entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Q: Do any of the Company’s directors or executive officers have interests in the merger that may differ from or be in
addition to my interests as a stockholder?

A: Yes. In considering the recommendation of the board with respect to the merger proposal, you should be aware that our
directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of our stockholders generally. The board was aware of and
considered these differing interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement and the merger,
and in unanimously recommending that the merger agreement be adopted by the Company stockholders. See “The Merger
(Proposal 1)—Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 54 of this proxy
statement.

Q: What vote of our stockholders is required to approve other matters to be presented at the special meeting?

A: The compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal each require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the
shares of common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon.

Q: What is a quorum?

A: A quorum will be present if holders of a majority of the shares of common stock outstanding on the record date are present in
person or represented by proxy at the special meeting. If a quorum is not present at the special meeting, the special meeting
may be adjourned or postponed from time to time until a quorum is obtained.

If you hold the shares of common stock in your own name and submit a proxy but fail to provide voting instructions or abstain
on any of the proposals listed on the proxy card, your shares will be counted for purpose of determining whether a quorum is
present at the special meeting.

If your shares are held in “street name” by your broker, bank or other nominee and you do not tell the nominee how to vote
your shares, these shares will not be counted for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present for the transaction of
business at the special meeting.

Q: How does the board recommend that I vote?

A: The board unanimously recommends that our stockholders vote “FOR” the merger proposal. The board also unanimously
recommends that our stockholders vote “FOR” the compensation proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Q: What effects will the merger have on PharMerica?

A: Shares of our common stock are currently registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, referred to as the
“Exchange Act,” and is quoted on the NYSE under the symbol “PMC.” As a

12



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 20/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

result of the merger, the Company will cease to be a publicly traded company and will be wholly owned by Parent. Following
the consummation of the merger, the registration of shares of our common stock and our reporting obligations under the
Exchange Act will be terminated. In addition, upon the consummation of the merger, shares of our common stock will no
longer be listed on any stock exchange or quotation system, including the NYSE.

Q: When is the merger expected to be completed?

A: Assuming timely satisfaction of necessary closing conditions, including the stockholder approval and timely receipt of
applicable regulatory approvals, and completion of the marketing period, the parties to the merger agreement expect to
complete the merger by early 2018. However, because the merger is subject to a number of conditions, including the
stockholder approval and the completion of certain antitrust approvals, the exact timing of the merger cannot be determined at
this time and we cannot guarantee that the merger will be completed.

Q: What happens if the merger is not consummated?

A: If the merger agreement is not approved by the Company’s stockholders, or if the merger is not consummated for any other
reason, the Company’s stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares in connection with the merger. Instead, the
Company will remain a public company and shares of our common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE.
Under specified circumstances, the Company may be required to pay Parent a termination fee of  $33 million, or Parent may be
required to pay the Company a termination fee of  $56.6 million or $113.3 million in the event the merger agreement is
terminated by the Company or Parent under certain circumstances, subject to certain limitations set forth in the merger
agreement. See “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” and “The Merger Agreement—Expenses” beginning on pages 82
and 84, respectively, of this proxy statement.

Q: What will happen if stockholders do not approve the advisory proposal on executive compensation payable to the
Company’s named executive officers in connection with the merger?

A: The approval of this proposal is not a condition to the completion of the merger. The SEC rules require the Company to seek
approval on a non-binding, advisory basis of certain payments that will or may be made to the Company’s named executive
officers in connection with the merger. The vote on this proposal is an advisory vote and will not be binding on the Company or
Parent. If the merger agreement is adopted by the stockholders and the merger is completed, the merger-related compensation
may be paid to the Company’s named executive officers even if stockholders fail to approve this proposal.

Q: What do I need to do now? How do I vote my shares of common stock?

A: We urge you to read this proxy statement carefully, including its annexes and the documents referred to as incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement, and to consider how the merger affects you. Your vote is important. If you are a stockholder
of record, you can ensure that your shares are voted at the special meeting by submitting your proxy via:

• mail, using the enclosed postage-paid envelope;

• telephone, by calling 800-322-2885 and following the recorded instructions; or

• the Internet, by accessing the website www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions on the website.

If you intend to submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet, you must do so by 11:59 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time on
the day before the special meeting. If you intend to submit your proxy by mail, your completed proxy card must be received
prior to the special meeting.

If you hold your shares in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee you should follow the directions provided by
your broker, bank or other nominee regarding how to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares. Without
those instructions, your shares will not be voted, which will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the merger proposal.
Even if you plan to attend the special

13



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 21/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

meeting, to ensure that your shares of common stock are voted, please submit a proxy to vote your shares of common stock by
marking, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card or by using the telephone number printed on your proxy card or
by using the Internet voting instructions printed on your proxy card.

Q: Can I revoke my proxy?

A: Yes. You can revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record,
you may revoke your proxy by:

• delivering to the Company’s Corporate Secretary in writing at PharMerica Corporation, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 1901
Campus Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299 a signed written notice of revocation bearing a date later than the date of the
proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked and that is received by the Company’s Corporate Secretary no later than November
8, 2017;

• attending the special meeting and voting in person (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy;
you must also vote in person at the special meeting);

• signing and delivering a new proxy relating to the same shares of common stock and bearing a later date and that is
received no later than November 8, 2017; or

• submitting a new proxy by telephone or over the Internet by 11:59 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time on November 8, 2017.

Please note that if you hold your shares of common stock in “street name” and you have instructed a broker, bank or other
nominee to vote your shares, the above-described options for revoking your voting instructions do not apply, and instead you
must follow the instructions received from your broker, bank or other nominee to revoke your voting instructions.

Q: What happens if I do not vote?

A: The vote to adopt the merger agreement is based on the total number of shares of common stock outstanding on the record date,
not just the shares of common stock that are voted. If you do not vote, it will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Q: What does it mean if I get more than one proxy card or voting instruction card?

A: If your shares of common stock are registered differently or are held in more than one account, you will receive more than one
proxy card or voting instruction card. Please complete and return all of the proxy cards or voting instruction cards you receive
(or submit each of your proxies by telephone or the Internet, if available to you) to ensure that all of your shares are voted.

Q: Will my shares of common stock held in “street name” or another form of record ownership be combined for voting
purposes with shares I hold of record?

A: No. Because any shares you may hold in “street name” will be deemed to be held by a different stockholder than any shares
you hold of record, any shares of common stock so held will not be combined for voting purposes with shares you hold of
record and you will need to submit separate proxy cards or voting instruction cards for each. Similarly, if you own shares in
various registered forms, such as jointly with your spouse, as trustee of a trust or as custodian for a minor, you will receive, and
will need to sign and return, a separate proxy card for those shares of common stock because they are held in a different form
of record ownership. Shares of common stock held by a corporation or business entity must be voted by an authorized officer
of the entity. Shares of common stock held in an individual retirement account must be voted under the rules governing the
account.

Q: What happens if I sell my shares of common stock before completion of the merger?

A: If you transfer your shares of common stock, you will have transferred your right to receive the merger consideration in the
merger. In order to receive the merger consideration, you must hold your shares of common stock immediately prior to the
consummation of the merger.

14



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 22/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The record date for stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting is earlier than the date on which the merger will be
consummated. So, if you transfer your shares of common stock after the record date but before the special meeting, you will
have transferred your right to receive the merger consideration in the merger, but retained the right to vote at the special
meeting.

Q: Should I send in my stock certificates or other evidence of ownership now?

A: No, do not send in your certificates now. After the merger is completed, if you hold shares of common stock represented by
certificates, you will receive a letter of transmittal from the paying agent for the merger with detailed written instructions for
exchanging your shares of common stock for the merger consideration and if you hold book-entry shares you will receive a
check or wire transfer for the merger consideration with respect to such shares. If your shares of common stock are held in
“street name” by your broker, bank or other nominee, you may receive instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee as
to what action, if any, you need to take to effect the surrender of your “street name” shares in exchange for the merger
consideration.

Q: I do not know where my stock certificate is - how will I get the merger consideration for my shares?

A: If the merger is completed, the transmittal materials you will receive after the completion of the merger will include the
procedures that you must follow if you cannot locate your stock certificate. This will include an affidavit that you will need to
sign attesting to the loss of your stock certificate. You may also be required to provide a customary indemnity agreement in
order to cover any potential loss.

Q: Am I entitled to exercise appraisal rights instead of receiving the merger consideration for my shares of common stock?

A: If you comply with all the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL (including not voting in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement), you are entitled to have the “fair value” (as defined pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL) of your shares of
common stock determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and to receive payment based on that valuation
instead of receiving the merger consideration. The ultimate amount you would receive in an appraisal proceeding may be more
than, the same as or less than the amount you would have received under the merger agreement. To exercise your appraisal
rights, you must comply with the requirements of the DGCL. See “Rights of Appraisal” beginning on page 90 of this proxy
statement and the text of the Delaware appraisal rights statute, Section 262 of the DGCL, which is reproduced in its entirety as
Annex E to this proxy statement.

Q: How are the Company’s outstanding stock options, restricted stock units and performance stock units treated as a
result of the merger?

A: Unless otherwise agreed between Parent and any holder, all other equity awards will be treated as follows:

• Each option to purchase shares of Company common stock will become fully vested and exercisable as a result of the
transaction and will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax
withholding, equal to the product of (i) the excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the applicable per share
exercise price of such option multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock subject to such option.

• All restricted stock units held by non-employee directors will vest and settle in shares of common stock at the effective
time of the merger pursuant to the terms of their award agreements. Restricted stock units and performance stock units
held by certain employees may accelerate and be settled in shares of common stock in connection with the merger and, in
some cases, a qualifying termination of employment, pursuant to the terms of the applicable award agreements or
employment agreements or other contractual arrangements with the Company. Awards that accelerate and are settled in
stock will be treated as common stock as described in the Q&A above, “What will I receive in the merger?”

• Unvested restricted stock units and performance stock units with respect to Company common stock ultimately will be
converted into a cash award equal to the product of (i) the merger consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of
common stock subject to such unvested company stock unit (calculated assuming target performance levels, in the case of
performance stock units). Each cash

15



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 23/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

award will be subject to the same terms and conditions as applied to the original restricted stock unit or performance stock
unit and will vest based on (x) continued employment or service in accordance with the original vesting schedule, in the
case of cash awards converted from restricted stock units, and (y) continued employment or service on the last day of the
performance period applicable to the cancelled performance stock unit, in the case of performance stock units.

Q: Is the merger expected to be taxable to owners of our common stock?

A: In general, your receipt of the cash consideration for each of your shares of common stock pursuant to the merger will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes and may be a taxable transaction under state, local or non-U.S. income
or other tax laws. You should read “The Merger (Proposal 1) —Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger” beginning on page 60 of this proxy statement for a discussion of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger. You should also consult your tax advisor on the tax consequences of the merger in light of your particular
circumstances.

Q: What is householding and how does it affect me?

A: The SEC permits companies to send a single set of proxy materials to any household at which two or more stockholders reside,
unless contrary instructions have been received, but only if the applicable stockholder provides advance notice and follows
certain procedures. In such cases, each stockholder continues to receive a separate notice of the meeting and proxy card.
Certain brokerage firms may have instituted householding for beneficial owners of common stock held through brokerage
firms. If your family has multiple accounts holding common stock, you may have already received householding notification
from your broker. Please contact your broker directly if you have any questions or require additional copies of this proxy
statement. The broker will arrange for delivery of a separate copy of this proxy statement promptly upon your written or oral
request. You may decide at any time to revoke your decision to household, and thereby receive multiple copies.

Q: Who can help answer my other questions?

A: If you have more questions about the merger, or require assistance in submitting your proxy or voting your shares of common
stock or need additional copies of the proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card, please contact MacKenzie Partners, Inc.,
which is acting as the proxy solicitation agent for the Company in connection with the merger.

If your broker, bank or other nominee holds your shares of common stock in “street name,” you should also call your broker,
bank or other nominee for additional information.

MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the Company’s proxy solicitor, may be contacted at:

 
MacKenzie Partners, Inc.

105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016

Toll Free: (800) 322-2885
or

Call Collect: (212) 929-5500
Email: proxy@mackenziepartners.com

16



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 24/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement, and the documents incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, include “forward-looking statements”
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, which are identified by the use of the words “believe,”
“expect,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “plan,” “project,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “estimate,” “will,” “contemplate,” “would” and
similar expressions that contemplate future events. Such forward-looking statements are based on management’s reasonable current
assumptions and expectations, including the expected completion and timing of the merger and other information relating to the
merger. You should be aware that forward-looking statements involve a number of assumptions, risks and uncertainties that could
cause the actual results to differ materially from such forward-looking statements. Although we believe that the expectations
reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot assure you that the actual results or developments we
anticipate will be realized, or even if realized, that they will have the expected effects on the business or operations of the Company.
These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made and we undertake no obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements made in this proxy statement or elsewhere as a result of new information, future
events or otherwise, except as required by law. In addition to other factors and matters contained in or incorporated by reference in
this document, we believe the following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-
looking statements:

• failure to obtain the required vote of the Company’s stockholders;

• the timing to consummate the transaction;

• the risk that a condition to closing of the transaction may not be satisfied or that the closing of the transaction might
otherwise not occur;

• the risk that a regulatory approval that may be required for the transaction is not obtained or is obtained subject to
conditions that are not anticipated;

• the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement;

• the failure of Parent to obtain the necessary financing;

• the outcome of any legal proceedings that have been or may be instituted against the Company and others relating to the
merger agreement;

• the diversion of management time on transaction-related issues;

• risk that the transaction and its announcement could have an adverse effect on the Company’s stock price, on its ability to
retain customers and retain and hire key personnel; and

• other risk factors as detailed from time to time in the Company’s reports filed with the SEC, including the Company’s
annual report on Form 10-K, periodic quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, periodic current reports on Form 8-K and other
documents filed with the SEC. The foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. See “Where You Can Find
Additional Information” beginning on page 96 of this proxy statement.

Many of the factors that will determine our future results are beyond our ability to control or predict. In light of the significant
uncertainties inherent in the forward-looking statements contained herein, readers of this proxy statement should not place undue
reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect management’s views only as of the date hereof. We cannot guarantee any
future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements.

17



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 25/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE PARTIES TO THE MERGER AGREEMENT

PharMerica Corporation

PharMerica Corporation is a Delaware corporation with principal executive offices located at 1901 Campus Place, Louisville,
Kentucky 40299. The Company is an institutional pharmacy services company that services healthcare facilities, provides pharmacy
management services to hospitals, provides specialty infusion services to patients outside a hospital setting, and offers the only
national oncology pharmacy in the United States. The Company’s customers are typically institutional healthcare providers, such as
skilled nursing facilities, assisted living facilities, hospitals, individuals receiving in-home care and patients with cancer.
PharMerica’s common stock is currently listed on the NYSE under the symbol “PMC”. A detailed description of the Company’s
business is contained in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information” beginning on page 96 of
this proxy statement.

Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.

Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. is a Delaware corporation. Phoenix Merger Sub Inc. is a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned
subsidiary of Parent. Parent and Merger Sub are affiliates of investment funds affiliated with Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.
and at the closing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, an affiliate of WBA will acquire a minority ownership
interest in Parent. The principal executive offices of both Parent and Merger Sub are located at 2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200,
Menlo Park, CA 94025. Both Parent and Merger Sub were formed solely for the purpose of entering into the merger agreement and
consummating the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, and have not engaged in any business except for activities
incidental to their formation and as contemplated by the merger agreement.

18



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 26/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING

We are furnishing this proxy statement to the Company’s stockholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by the board for use at
the special meeting. This proxy statement provides the Company’s stockholders with the information they need to know to be able
to vote or instruct their vote to be cast at the special meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Date, Time and Place of the Special Meeting

This proxy statement is being furnished to our stockholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by the board for use at the special
meeting to be held on November 9, 2017, starting at 9:00 a.m. local time at the Louisville Marriott Downtown, 280 West Jefferson
Street, Louisville, KY 40202, or at any adjournment or postponement thereof.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

The purpose of the special meeting is for our stockholders to consider and vote upon the merger proposal. Our stockholders must
adopt the merger agreement for the merger to occur. If our stockholders fail to adopt the merger agreement, the merger will not
occur. A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A and the material provisions of the merger
agreement are described under the section entitled “The Merger Agreement” beginning on page 64 of this proxy statement. Our
stockholders are also being asked to approve the proposal to adjourn the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or
appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to adopt the merger
agreement.

In addition, in accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act, the Company is providing its stockholders with the opportunity to
cast an advisory (non-binding) vote on the compensation that may be paid or become payable to its named executive officers in
connection with the merger, the value of which is disclosed in the table in the section entitled “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Interests
of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 54 of this proxy statement. The vote on the
compensation proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote to approve the merger. Accordingly, a stockholder may vote to
approve the executive compensation and vote not to adopt the merger and vice versa. Because the vote is advisory in nature only, it
will not be binding on either the Company or Parent. Accordingly, because the Company is contractually obligated to pay the
compensation, the compensation will be payable, subject only to the conditions applicable thereto, if the merger is approved and
regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote on the compensation proposal.

This proxy statement and the enclosed form of proxy card are first being mailed to our stockholders on or about October 3, 2017.

Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors

After careful consideration, the board has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and transactions contemplated
thereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved, subject to the provisions of the merger agreement, to
recommend the acceptance of the merger agreement, including the merger, by the stockholders of the Company at the special
meeting. Certain factors considered by the board in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and approve the merger
can be found in the section entitled “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 31 of this proxy
statement.

The board unanimously recommends that the Company’s stockholders vote “FOR” the merger proposal, “FOR” the compensation
proposal and “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Record Date, Stockholders Entitled to Vote and Quorum

Only holders of record of shares of common stock as of the close of business on the record date, September 28, 2017, will be
entitled to receive notice of and to vote their shares of common stock at the special meeting or any adjournments thereof. As of the
record date, there were 31,118,927 shares of common stock outstanding.

Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to one vote on each matter submitted to a vote for each share of common stock
owned at the close of business on the record date.

19



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 27/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

A majority of the shares of common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, represented in person or by proxy, constitutes a
quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting. Proxies received but marked as abstentions or treated as broker non-
votes will be included in the calculation of the number of shares of common stock considered to be present at the special meeting in
determining a quorum. Under our by-laws, in the absence of a quorum at the special meeting, the meeting of stockholders may be
adjourned.

Required Vote

For the Company to complete the merger, under Delaware law, stockholders holding at least a majority of the shares of common
stock outstanding and entitled to vote thereon must vote “FOR” the merger proposal. In addition, under the merger agreement, the
receipt of such required vote is a condition to the consummation of the merger. A failure to vote your shares of common stock, an
abstention from voting or the failure, with respect of shares held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, to give
voting instructions to such broker, bank or other nominee, will have the same effect as a vote against the merger proposal.

The compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal each requires the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the shares of
common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. Accordingly, not voting at the
special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of these proposals, but abstentions will have the effect of a vote against these
proposals.

Under NYSE rules, brokers, banks or other nominees who hold shares of common stock in “street name” for a beneficial owner of
those shares typically have the authority to vote in their discretion on “routine” proposals when they have not received instructions
from beneficial owners. However, brokers, banks or other nominees are not allowed to exercise their voting discretion with respect
to the approval of matters that are “non-routine” without specific instructions from the beneficial owner. All proposals to be voted
on by you at the special meeting are “non-routine” matters, and therefore brokers do not have discretionary authority to vote on any
of the proposals. Broker non-votes occur when a broker, bank or other nominee is not instructed by the beneficial owner of shares to
vote on a particular proposal for which the broker does not have discretionary voting power. Accordingly, there can be no broker
non-votes at the special meeting, so failure to provide instructions to your broker or other nominee on how to vote will result in your
shares not being counted as present at the meeting.

As of the record date, there were 31,118,927 shares of common stock outstanding.

Voting by the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date, directors and executive officers of the Company were entitled to vote 1,452,742 shares
of common stock, or approximately 4.67% of the shares of common stock outstanding on that date.

We currently expect that the Company’s directors and executive officers will vote their shares of common stock “FOR” the merger
proposal and the other proposals to be considered at the special meeting, although none of them is obligated to do so.

Voting; Proxies; Revocation

Attendance

All holders of shares of common stock as of the close of business on September 28, 2017, the record date for voting at the special
meeting, including stockholders of record and beneficial owners of common stock registered in the “street name” of a bank, broker
or other nominee, are invited to attend the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, please be prepared to provide proper
identification, such as a driver’s license. If you hold your shares of common stock in “street name,” you will need to provide proof
of ownership, such as a recent account statement or voting instruction form provided by your bank, broker or other nominee or other
similar evidence of ownership, along with proper identification.

Voting in Person

Stockholders of record will be able to vote in person at the special meeting. If you are not a stockholder of record, but instead hold
your shares of common stock in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you must provide a proxy executed in your
favor from your bank, broker or other nominee in order to be able to vote in person at the special meeting.

20



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 28/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Submitting a Proxy or Providing Voting Instructions

To ensure that your shares of common stock are voted at the special meeting, we recommend that you provide voting instructions
promptly by proxy or voting instruction form, even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person.

Shares Held by Record Holder. If you are a stockholder of record as of the record date, you may provide voting instructions by
proxy using one of the methods described below.

• Submit a Proxy by Telephone or via the Internet. This proxy statement is accompanied by a proxy card with instructions
for submitting voting instructions. You may vote by telephone by calling 800-322-2885 and following the recorded
instructions or via the Internet, by accessing the website www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions on the
website. Your shares will be voted as you direct in the same manner as if you had completed, signed, dated and returned
your proxy card, as described below. If you are submitting a proxy by telephone or over the Internet, your voting
instructions must be received by 11:59 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time the day before the special meeting.

• Submit a Proxy Card. If you complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card by mail so that it is received in time
for the special meeting, your shares will be voted in the manner directed by you on your proxy card. If you sign, date and
return your proxy card without indicating how you wish to vote, your proxy will be voted in favor of each of the merger
proposal, the compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal. If you fail to return your proxy card, unless you attend
the special meeting and vote in person, the effect will be that your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining
whether a quorum is present at the special meeting and will have the same effect as a vote against the merger proposal, but
will not affect the compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. If you are submitting a proxy by mail, your
completed proxy card must be received prior to the special meeting.

Shares Held in “Street Name.” If your shares are held by a bank, broker or other nominee on your behalf in “street name,” your
bank, broker or other nominee will send you instructions as to how to provide voting instructions for your shares by proxy. Many
banks and brokerage firms have a process for their customers to provide voting instructions by telephone or via the Internet, in
addition to providing voting instructions by proxy card.

Revocation of Proxies

Any person giving a proxy pursuant to this solicitation has the power to revoke and change it at any time before it is voted. If you
are a stockholder of record, you may revoke your proxy at any time before the vote is taken at the special meeting by:

• by delivering to the Company’s Corporate Secretary in writing at PharMerica Corporation, Attn: Corporate Secretary,
1901 Campus Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299 a signed written notice of revocation bearing a date later than the date of
the proxy, stating that the proxy is revoked and that is received by the Company’s corporate secretary no later than
November 8, 2017;

• by attending the special meeting and voting in person (your attendance at the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your
proxy; you must also vote in person at the special meeting);

• by signing and delivering a new proxy relating to the same shares of common stock and bearing a later date and that is
received no later than November 8, 2017; or

• by submitting a new proxy by telephone or over the Internet by 11:59 P.M. Eastern Daylight Time on November 8, 2017.

Please note, however, that only your last-dated proxy will count. Attending the special meeting without taking one of the actions
described above will not in itself revoke your proxy. Please note that if you want to revoke your proxy by mailing a new proxy card
to the Company or by sending a written notice of revocation to the Company, you should ensure that you send your new proxy card
or written notice of revocation in sufficient time for it to be received by the Company before the special meeting.

If you hold your shares in “street name” through a bank, broker or other nominee, you will need to follow the instructions provided
to you by your bank, broker or other nominee in order to revoke your proxy or submit new voting instructions.

21



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 29/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Abstentions

An abstention occurs when a stockholder attends a meeting, either in person or by proxy, but abstains from voting. Abstentions will
be included in the calculation of the number of shares of common stock represented at the special meeting for purposes of
determining whether a quorum has been achieved.

Abstaining from voting will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal, a vote “AGAINST” the advisory
(non-binding) proposal on executive compensation payable to the Company’s named executive officers in connection with the
merger and a vote “AGAINST” the adjournment proposal.

Adjournments and Postponements

The Company’s stockholders are being asked to approve a proposal to adjourn the special meeting from time to time, if necessary or
appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the merger proposal if there are not sufficient votes at the
time of the special meeting to adopt the merger agreement. If this adjournment proposal is approved, the special meeting could be
adjourned by the board to any date for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the merger proposal if there are not
sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to adopt the merger agreement. If there is not a quorum present at the special
meeting, under our by-laws the special meeting may be adjourned by the Chairman of the board or, in the event of his or her absence
or disability, the other presiding officer chosen by the board or by vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares
represented at the meeting. In addition, the board could postpone the special meeting before it commences, whether for the purpose
of soliciting additional proxies or for other reasons specified in the merger agreement. Under the terms of the merger agreement, the
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed for one time only not to exceed ten calendar days (unless Parent otherwise agrees in
writing) if the Company reasonably believes that it will be unable to obtain a quorum or it will not receive proxies sufficient to
adopt the merger agreement. The special meeting may also be adjourned or postponed for up to ten additional calendar days for the
filing and distribution of any supplemental or amended disclosure which the board has determined in good faith is necessary under
applicable law.

Any adjournment or postponement of the special meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies will allow the Company’s
stockholders who have already sent in their proxies to revoke them at any time prior to their use at the special meeting as adjourned
or postponed.

Solicitation of Proxies

The board is soliciting your proxy, and we will bear the cost of soliciting proxies. This includes the charges and expenses of
brokerage firms and others for forwarding solicitation material to beneficial owners of shares of our outstanding common stock.
MacKenzie Partners, Inc., a proxy solicitation firm, has been retained to assist it in the solicitation of proxies for the special meeting
and we will pay MacKenzie Partners, Inc. approximately $30,000, plus reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses. Proxies may be
solicited by mail, personal interview, e-mail, telephone, or via the Internet by MacKenzie Partners, Inc. or, without additional
compensation by certain of the Company’s directors, officers and employees.

Other Information

You should not return your stock certificate or send documents representing your shares of common stock with the proxy card. If the
merger is completed, the paying agent for the merger will send you a letter of transmittal and instructions for exchanging your
shares of common stock for the merger consideration.

22



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 30/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE MERGER (PROPOSAL 1)

Certain Effects of the Merger

If the merger agreement is adopted by the Company’s stockholders and certain other conditions to the closing of the merger are
either satisfied or waived, Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company, with the Company being the surviving
corporation.

Upon the consummation of the merger, each share of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger (other than the excluded shares) will be converted into the right to receive an amount in cash equal to $29.25 per share of
common stock.

Our common stock is currently registered under the Exchange Act and is quoted on the NYSE under the symbol “PMC.” As a result
of the merger, the Company will cease to be a publicly traded company and will be wholly owned by Parent. Following the
consummation of the merger, the registration of shares of our common stock and our reporting obligations under the Exchange Act
will be terminated. In addition, upon the consummation of the merger, shares of our common stock will no longer be listed on any
stock exchange or quotation system, including the NYSE.

Background of the Merger

The board of directors, together with members of PharMerica’s senior management team, regularly reviews and assesses
PharMerica’s operations, performance, prospects and strategic direction. In connection therewith, and with the assistance of
financial and legal advisors, they consider potential strategic alternatives, including potential business combinations or other
transactions, to strengthen PharMerica’s business and maximize stockholder value. In addition, from time to time, and as noted
below, PharMerica has received inquiries from third parties seeking to determine PharMerica’s interest in a business combination
transaction.

On June 19, 2015, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management were also present. At the
meeting, Mr. Gregory Weishar, Chief Executive Officer and Director of PharMerica, reviewed the strategic outlook for PharMerica,
the results of preliminary informal discussions that had taken place, at the direction of the board, from April through June 2015 with
five private equity firms, including KKR and firms we refer to as Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 3. The
parties were informally contacted by UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch, which had investment banking relationships with PharMerica.
Based on such review, and following a full discussion by the board, the board unanimously determined that PharMerica should
initiate a formal process to determine whether there were third parties interested in entering into a potential business combination
transaction with PharMerica on terms acceptable to the board, and that management engage one or more investment banking firm(s)
and a law firm to advise PharMerica in the process.

Beginning on August 10, 2015 through August 19, 2015, at the direction of the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch contacted eight
potential strategic buyers, including WBA and parties we refer to as Strategic Buyer 1, Strategic Buyer 2 and Strategic Buyer 3, and
four potential financial buyers, including KKR, Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 3 and provided such
parties with a summary public information overview regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica. These
possible strategic partners were selected because they were among the parties that had previously expressed interest in a potential
strategic investment in PharMerica’s sector to UBS or BofA Merrill Lynch, they had the financial capability to execute a
transaction, and they were positioned to benefit from potential synergies in a business combination transaction involving
PharMerica. These possible financial buyers were selected because of the view that there was some likelihood that they would be
interested in pursuing a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica. In order to facilitate the preliminary
exploration of discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, three potential strategic buyers
(Strategic Buyer 1, Strategic Buyer 2 and Strategic Buyer 3) and four potential financial buyers (KKR, Financial Buyer 1, Financial
Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 3) subsequently entered into non-disclosure agreements with respect to a potential business
combination transaction with PharMerica. Five of the seven non-disclosure agreements contained customary standstill provisions,
but none of those provisions precluded any offers in the sale process conducted by the board and none of those provisions currently
would restrict any of those parties from making an unsolicited offer to participate in a potential business combination transaction
with PharMerica. The remaining five strategic buyers, including WBA, indicated that they were not interested in evaluating the
potential business combination transaction and declined to execute a non-disclosure agreement with PharMerica.

23



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 31/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On August 28, 2015, the board held a meeting to discuss the completed acquisition by OptumRx of Catamaran and the potential
impact of that acquisition on PharMerica’s business, including regarding the differences between the reimbursement rates that each
of these entities paid PharMerica. The board also discussed the potential effects of other announced pharmacy benefit manager and
insurer consolidations in the industry and deliberated on the most appropriate timing for potentially soliciting interest from third
parties for a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, and the challenges of continuing as a standalone public
company (including from PharMerica’s size and lack of scale, and the public market’s emphasis on short-term results) in light of
these developments.

On August 31, 2015, the board held a meeting to continue its discussion held on August 28, 2015. At the invitation of the board,
members of senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP (which we refer
to as Davis Polk), legal counsel to PharMerica, were also present. Representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch provided an
update on the status of preliminary discussions with potential buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with
PharMerica. Representatives of Davis Polk advised on disclosure obligations with respect to business combination transactions.
Following a discussion among the board, management and the advisors, the board determined that PharMerica should continue to
pursue discussions with potential strategic buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, but
should suspend discussions with potential financial buyers at such time until PharMerica’s budget for 2016 was finalized and until
PharMerica had more insight on the effects the pharmacy benefit manager and insurance consolidations would have on PharMerica.

On September 18, 2015, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and
representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to the board in
advance of the meeting, senior management and representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the results
of their preliminary financial analyses of a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, PharMerica’s financial
projections prepared by PharMerica’s management, and various financial aspects of a possible acquisition of PharMerica by a
private equity firm or a strategic buyer and a possible leveraged buyout scenario. The financial advisors also provided an update on
the status of preliminary discussions to date with potential buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with
PharMerica. Referring to materials provided to the board in advance of the meeting, a representative of Davis Polk advised on
fiduciary duties and disclosure obligations regarding these matters. The board was presented with material relationships disclosures
provided by UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch. After discussion and consideration of these disclosures, the board determined that
neither UBS nor BofA Merrill Lynch had any material conflict of interest that would prevent it from serving as a financial advisor to
PharMerica, and the board approved the engagement of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch to act as financial advisors to PharMerica for
a review of strategic alternatives. PharMerica selected UBS as its financial advisor because UBS is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm with substantial experience in similar transactions and because UBS is regularly engaged in the valuation
of businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings,
competitive bids, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, and private placements. PharMerica selected BofA Merrill
Lynch to act as PharMerica’s financial advisor on the basis of BofA Merrill Lynch’s experience in transactions similar to the
potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, its reputation in the investment community and its familiarity with
PharMerica and its business.

In October and November 2015, PharMerica management conducted presentations and meetings covering certain public and non-
public information regarding PharMerica with two potential strategic buyers (Strategic Buyer 1 and Strategic Buyer 2) and four
potential financial buyers (KKR, Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 3). The board had directed PharMerica
management, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch to re-engage in discussions with financial buyers at this time because PharMerica’s
budget for 2016 was finalized and PharMerica had more insight on the effects the pharmacy benefit manager and insurance
consolidations would have on PharMerica. After such meetings with management, Strategic Buyer 1 and Strategic Buyer 2 declined
to proceed with the potential business combination transaction, citing lack of strategic fit. Strategic Buyer 3 declined to proceed
subsequent to signing the non-disclosure agreement and without attending a management meeting. Each of the four financial buyers
verbally indicated that they could not offer any premium to PharMerica’s then-current stock price, which ranged from $30.13 to
$35.19 in November 2015. Each of these verbal indications of interest was preliminary and subject to due diligence.

24



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 32/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On December 15, 2015, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives
of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to the board in advance of the
meeting, representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board their respective illustrative financial analyses of a
potential business combination transaction with PharMerica and the status of preliminary discussions with potential buyers
regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, indicating that four potential financial buyers had
expressed preliminary interest in a potential business combination transaction and had provided verbal price indications. A
representative of Davis Polk reviewed with the board their fiduciary duties and responsibilities and other legal matters applicable in
connection with their consideration of a potential business combination transaction, including in relation to discussions between
PharMerica’s management and a buyer regarding post-closing compensation arrangements. Following discussion with PharMerica’s
senior management team and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk, given the indication that the potential
financial buyers would not be in a position to offer a meaningful premium over PharMerica’s then-current stock price (which closed
at $30.68 on the day before the meeting, December 14, 2015), the board and the PharMerica management team determined to
suspend discussions with potential buyers until the release of PharMerica’s results for fiscal year 2015 and the refinement of
management’s forecasts for fiscal year 2016. A representative of Davis Polk reviewed with the board updated material relationships
disclosures provided by each of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch; the board maintained its view was that neither UBS nor BofA
Merrill Lynch had any material conflict of interest that would prevent it from serving as a financial advisor to PharMerica.

In January and February 2016, at the direction of the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch re-engaged in discussions with KKR,
Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 3. At the direction of the board, the financial advisors also contacted three
new potential financial buyers to review public information regarding PharMerica. These possible financial buyers were selected
because of the view that there was some likelihood that they would be interested in pursuing a potential business combination
transaction. One of such new potential financial buyers declined to proceed and two, which we refer to as Financial Buyer 4 and
Financial Buyer 5, expressed interest in meeting with PharMerica management. The board determined to continue such discussions
with potential buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica after management had considered
PharMerica’s preliminary results for fiscal year 2015 and refined its forecasts for fiscal year 2016.

On March 18, 2016, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to the board in advance of the meeting,
representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the status of preliminary discussions with potential buyers
regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, an illustrative timeline for the possible acquisition of
PharMerica and the current status of the financing markets. The board discussed PharMerica’s strategic alternatives, including
continuing discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction or ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s
standalone plan. The board decided that PharMerica should continue discussions regarding a potential business combination
transaction.

Also in March 2016, at the direction of the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch conducted discussions regarding a potential
business combination transaction with PharMerica with five previously-contacted financial buyers, including KKR, Financial Buyer
1, Financial Buyer 2, Financial Buyer 4 and Financial Buyer 5, and one new potential financial buyer, which we refer to as Financial
Buyer 6, which was selected because of the view that there was some likelihood that it would be interested in pursuing a potential
business combination transaction. Each of such financial buyers was given an opportunity to meet with PharMerica management,
and discussions included an update on financial performance (including PharMerica’s financial results that were announced on
February 26, 2016), an overview of financial projections and drivers of future growth. Meetings with potential buyers that had
entered into non-disclosure agreements with PharMerica covered certain public and non-public information, and meetings with
potential buyers that had not entered into non-disclosure agreements with PharMerica at that time covered only public information
regarding PharMerica. After meetings with management, Financial Buyer 2 and Financial Buyer 5 withdrew from the process.

25



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 33/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In April 2016, Financial Buyer 4 and Financial Buyer 6 entered into non-disclosure agreements with respect to a potential business
combination transaction with PharMerica. Both of these non-disclosure agreements contained customary standstill provisions, but
neither of those provisions precluded any offers in the sale process conducted by the board and neither of those provisions currently
would restrict any of those parties from making an unsolicited offer for PharMerica.

Also in April 2016, a first round process letter was sent to four potential financial buyers (KKR, Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer
4 and Financial Buyer 6) to gauge their interest in pursuing a potential business combination transaction. At that time, none of the
strategic buyers that had been contacted by the financial advisors remained in the potential sale process. Each of such financial
buyers was granted access to a virtual data room containing certain non-public information regarding PharMerica in order to
facilitate further due diligence prior to submission of preliminary indications of interest. During the course of the following months,
the board, following discussions with the financial advisors, considered whether contacting any of the potential buyers that had
previously declined to continue participating in the sale process would be likely to lead to such a buyer re-entering the sale process.

On April 21, 2016, PharMerica received a preliminary non-binding indication of interest from KKR for a purchase price of $27.50
per share in an all cash transaction. Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 4 and Financial Buyer 6 declined to proceed with the
potential sale process and to provide a non-binding indication of interest.

On April 25, 2016, the board held a meeting to discuss KKR’s proposal. At the invitation of the board, members of senior
management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to
the board in advance of the meeting, representatives of Davis Polk reviewed with the board various terms of KKR’s proposal,
including that the proposal did not contemplate a financing “out,” but did contemplate that if there were a financing failure KKR
could pay a reverse termination fee and terminate the transaction. A representative of Davis Polk then reviewed with the board their
fiduciary duties and responsibilities and other legal matters applicable in connection with their consideration of a potential business
combination transaction. After discussion among the board, management and the advisors, the board authorized management to
permit KKR to proceed with further due diligence.

On April 26, 2016, KKR was invited to continue with the potential sale process, and the final proposal submission date was set for
June 1, 2016. KKR’s accounting advisor and Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP, which we refer to as Simpson Thacher, legal counsel
to KKR, were granted access to a virtual data room to perform accounting, tax and legal due diligence.

On May 9, 2016, management of PharMerica held a call with KKR to provide a business update and discuss financial results for the
first quarter of fiscal year 2016. On May 10, 2016, an initial draft of the merger agreement for the proposed transaction was
provided to KKR and its advisors in the virtual data room. On May 20, 2016 a full-day meeting was held in Louisville, Kentucky
with management and KKR. At the meeting, it was discussed that KKR planned to partner with WBA in seeking to acquire
PharMerica, and KKR explained its view that a partnership between KKR and WBA for the acquisition, in which WBA would
become a minority investor, would be in both KKR’s and PharMerica’s interests and would allow KKR to propose a higher price
than it would be willing to otherwise propose.

Also in May 2016, Financial Buyer 3 withdrew its interest in a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica.

On May 24, 2016, KKR informed UBS that they would need more time to conduct due diligence and, after discussion with
management, KKR communicated that a final proposal should be expected by June 10, 2016. On May 31, 2016, KKR indicated that
partnering with WBA would require WBA to conduct its own due diligence, which KKR expected to take several weeks. On June 1,
2016, WBA entered into a non-disclosure agreement with PharMerica, and the non-disclosure agreement between KKR and
PharMerica was amended to permit KKR to work with WBA on the proposed transaction. WBA’s non-disclosure agreement with
PharMerica contained customary standstill provisions, which have since expired. PharMerica extended the final proposal
submission deadline to the week of June 20, 2016, and KKR indicated that it would submit a revised non-binding proposal on June
10, 2016 with an updated indicative price.

On June 6, 2016, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to

26



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 34/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the board in advance of the meeting, representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the status of
preliminary discussions with potential buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, including
KKR and WBA. The board discussed the potential implications (including as to timing and deal terms) of the inclusion of WBA, as
a minority investor, for the potential KKR/WBA transaction. The board also discussed PharMerica’s strategic alternatives, including
continuing discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction or ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s
standalone plan. The board decided that PharMerica should continue discussions regarding a potential business combination
transaction. Referring to a written presentation provided in advance of the meeting, senior management discussed with the board
PharMerica’s proposed five-year financial projections prepared by PharMerica’s management. After discussion, the board approved
the addition of financial projections for the fiscal year 2020 to the existing otherwise unchanged projections.

Also on June 6, 2016, KKR and WBA informed PharMerica that they needed to conduct additional due diligence. On June 13, 2016,
WBA entered into a clean room confidentiality agreement with PharMerica, and WBA’s accounting advisor received data from both
PharMerica and WBA to conduct an analysis that was expected to be completed early in the week of June 20, 2016.

On June 16, 2016, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to the board in advance of the meeting,
representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the status of preliminary discussions with KKR and WBA.
After discussion, the board determined to grant KKR and WBA additional time to conduct due diligence and submit a proposal.

On June 17, 2016, KKR and WBA were granted additional time to conduct due diligence and submit a proposal. On June 23, 2016,
KKR informed PharMerica that there had been delays in obtaining synergy estimates and that KKR expected to provide a response
early in the week of June 27, 2016. On June 24, 2016, KKR submitted a markup of the merger agreement to PharMerica and its
advisors. Among other things, KKR indicated that it would not be willing to agree to the go-shop provision that PharMerica had
proposed in the initial draft of the merger agreement. Also on June 24, WBA’s accounting advisor completed its analysis of data
available in the clean room and delivered its results to WBA.

On June 30, 2016, KKR informed Mr. Weishar and UBS that KKR would not be in a position to submit a revised proposal until the
week of July 4, 2016 and needed the additional time to finalize the agreement between KKR and WBA regarding their joint
proposal.

On July 1, 2016, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials provided to the board in advance of the meeting,
representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the status of preliminary discussions with potential buyers
regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, including KKR and WBA. Referring to materials provided
to the board in advance of the meeting, a representative of Davis Polk reviewed with the board key issues in the markup of
PharMerica’s draft of the merger agreement that had been received from KKR in anticipation of submitting their joint proposal with
WBA. Among other things, the board discussed that PharMerica had run an extensive sale process in connection with discussing
KKR’s unwillingness to agree to a go-shop provision. The board also discussed PharMerica’s strategic alternatives, including
continuing discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction or ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s
standalone plan. The board decided that PharMerica should continue discussions regarding a potential business combination
transaction.

At this time and other times in the following months, KKR indicated to PharMerica that the potential business combination
transaction with PharMerica would be delayed.

On August 24, 2016, Reuters published an article reporting that PharMerica was exploring a potential sale process. Following that
article, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch received eleven inbound inquiries from potentially interested buyers, including from two
strategic buyers (including Strategic Buyer 2 and a strategic buyer that had not previously been contacted by UBS or BofA Merrill
Lynch) and nine financial buyers that had not previously been contacted by UBS or BofA Merrill Lynch, one of which we refer to as
Financial Buyer 7). None of such inbound inquiries led to an expression of interest in actually pursuing a transaction or the
execution of a new non-disclosure agreement. On the day the article was published, PharMerica’s stock price increased by 13% over
its unaffected stock price of $22.55 on August 23, 2016.

27



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 35/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On September 14, 2016, KKR and WBA submitted a non-binding joint proposal to acquire 100% of PharMerica’s common stock
for $28.75 per share in an all cash transaction, subject to successful completion of confirmatory due diligence, and requested a
three-week exclusivity period. PharMerica’s stock closed at $26.20 on September 14, 2016.

On September 16, 2016, the board held a meeting to discuss the KKR/WBA proposal. At the invitation of the board, members of
senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to materials
provided to the board in advance of the meeting, representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board the status
of preliminary discussions with potential buyers regarding a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica, including
the joint proposal from KKR and WBA, and the inbound inquiries they had received following the Reuters article. The financial
advisors updated the board on the nature of those inbound inquiries, and in particular that none of such parties indicated that they
would provide an indicative price for a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica. Referring to materials provided
to the board in advance of the meeting, a representative of Davis Polk reviewed with the board key issues in the markup of
PharMerica’s draft of the merger agreement that had been received from KKR on June 24, 2016 in anticipation of submitting their
joint proposal with WBA. Representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board an updated preliminary
financial analysis and, in considering KKR and WBA’s request for exclusivity, the board discussed the extensive sale process that
had been conducted, the absence of other proposals, the fact that other bidders had withdrawn from the process, the fact that the
inbound inquiries had produced nothing concrete, had provided indicative prices significantly below the KKR/WBA proposal, and
that each of those third parties would still be at a very early stage in their processes. Following a discussion among the board,
management and the advisors, the board directed the advisors to negotiate with KKR and WBA and their counsel regarding
exclusivity, the purchase price and other outstanding issues.

On September 19, 2016, after receiving feedback from UBS on the board’s views regarding price, various contract terms that were
being negotiated and the requested exclusivity as directed by the board, KKR and WBA verbally increased their proposal to $29.25
per share but made clear that they would not be willing to offer any further increases on price.

On September 20, 2016, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and
representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Representatives of UBS and Davis Polk updated the
board on the status of their negotiations with KKR and WBA. Following discussion of, among other things, KKR and WBA’s
increased price proposal and strategy on negotiating price, the board instructed the advisors to continue negotiations with KKR and
WBA.

On September 23, 2016, after reaching agreement with KKR and WBA on several contract terms in the merger agreement,
PharMerica executed an exclusivity agreement with KKR and WBA that was scheduled to expire on October 14, 2016.

During the period between September 23, 2016 and October 14, 2016, KKR and WBA continued to conduct due diligence on
PharMerica. In addition, on September 28, 2016, Davis Polk sent Simpson Thacher a draft of the antitrust support side letter.

Upon expiration of exclusivity on October 14, 2016, KKR and WBA reiterated their interest in pursuing a business combination
transaction but did not request an extension of the exclusivity period. At that time, KKR and WBA estimated that an additional one
to two months would be required before they could pursue a potential PharMerica transaction.

On October 14, 2016, the board held a meeting to review the current status of the transaction process. At the invitation of the board,
members of senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. The board also
discussed PharMerica’s strategic alternatives, including continuing discussions regarding a potential business combination
transaction or ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s standalone plan. Following discussion, the board determined to
continue discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction and to permit KKR and WBA to continue to conduct
due diligence despite the expiration of the exclusivity period.

28



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 36/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

From October 2016 through March 2017, KKR and WBA continued with their remaining due diligence. On December 7, 2016,
KKR informed PharMerica management that KKR and WBA were still interested in pursuing a proposed transaction with
PharMerica and indicated that they could be in a position to sign the transaction with PharMerica in mid-January 2017.

The board held meetings on December 13, 2016 and January 26, 2017 to review transaction process updates. At the invitation of the
board, members of senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. The
board also discussed other potential strategic alternatives and the board authorized management and the financial advisors to contact
other parties potentially interested in a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica.

During the week of February 6, 2017, WBA continued its due diligence and indicated that it was still interested in pursuing a
potential business combination transaction with PharMerica.

In February 2017, in parallel with KKR’s and WBA’s due diligence, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch, at PharMerica management’s
instruction and with the approval of the board, contacted two potential strategic buyers (which were selected because of the view
that there was some likelihood that they would be interested in a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica given
strategic fit) and Financial Buyer 7 (which had previously expressed interest in a potential business combination transaction with
PharMerica), to discuss their interest in a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica. All three potential buyers
declined to engage. Following discussions with the financial advisors, the board determined that it would not be useful to contact
any other potential buyers at that time, given the extensive sale process, the Reuters article reporting that PharMerica was exploring
a potential sale process, and discussions with many potential bidders that had been conducted by the financial advisors to date.

On March 1, 2017, KKR and WBA had a meeting with PharMerica’s management to review financial results for fiscal year 2016
and an updated budget for fiscal year 2017. The parties also discussed strategy and potential synergies.

On March 24, 2017, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. At the meeting, a representative of UBS updated the board on the
status of negotiations with KKR and WBA and the outcome of the financial advisors’ outreach to other potential financial and
strategic buyers. The financial advisors reviewed with the board their respective updated preliminary financial analyses of the
potential business combination transaction with the KKR and WBA bidder group. The board then discussed potential strategic
alternatives, including continuing discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction with KKR and WBA or
ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s standalone plan. Following discussion, the board determined to continue the process
to pursue a potential business combination transaction with KKR and WBA and to propose to KKR and WBA a firm timetable to
complete the transaction. Mr. Weishar subsequently communicated these expectations to Mr. James Momtazee, Member & Head of
Health Care Industry Team – Americas of KKR.

On April 5, 2017, KKR and WBA responded with a proposed timetable to complete remaining diligence and to execute a definitive
merger agreement on a target date of May 12, 2017.

On April 27, 2017, KKR and WBA submitted a written non-binding proposal reaffirming their $29.25 per share proposal in an all
cash transaction, subject to completion of confirmatory due diligence, finalized financing commitment papers, discussion of
management equity arrangements and negotiation of definitive transaction agreements. None of the other potential financial or
strategic buyers that UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch had contacted had submitted a written expression of interest at this time, and no
other expressions of interest were thereafter received, as all of the previously interested potential buyers had indicated that they were
no longer interested in pursuing a potential business combination transaction with PharMerica.

On May 1, 2017, the board held a meeting. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of
UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk were also present. Referring to a written presentation provided in advance of the meeting,
management and representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch discussed with the board PharMerica’s five-year financial
projections prepared by PharMerica’s management. Due to the lapse of time, PharMerica management updated the five-year
projections to reflect the expected impact of certain transactions and legislation and to use actual 2016 results as the base for the
five-year projections. The updated five-year projections were approved by the board. Referring to written presentations

29



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 37/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

provided in advance of the meeting, representatives of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch presented (i) an update on the status of the
transaction process, (ii) an overview of the proposed transaction and the history of the transaction process, and (iii) their respective
preliminary financial analyses of the proposed transaction with KKR and WBA. Referring to a written presentation provided in
advance of the meeting, representatives of Davis Polk reviewed with the board the terms of the draft merger agreement and antitrust
support side letter, including the key outstanding deal points in PharMerica’s negotiations with KKR and WBA, including as to
termination fees, financing commitments and the undertakings as to antitrust matters in various jurisdictions. Mr. Weishar updated
the board on the status of discussions with KKR regarding expectations for management employment and compensation
arrangements. The board also discussed PharMerica’s strategic alternatives, including continuing discussions regarding a potential
business combination transaction or ceasing discussions and pursuing PharMerica’s standalone plan. The board decided that
PharMerica should continue discussions regarding a potential business combination transaction.

Throughout May, June and July of 2017, PharMerica’s management regularly updated the board regarding the progress of final
diligence and negotiation of the merger agreement and the other transaction agreements. The board held meetings on June 1, 2017,
June 14, 2017, June 21, 2017, June 25, 2017 and July 10, 2017 to discuss the status of negotiations regarding the proposed
transaction. At the invitation of the board, members of senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and
Davis Polk also were present at these meetings. In addition, the board was presented with the final version of the BofA Merrill
Lynch material relationships disclosure memorandum, dated July 20, 2017, which we refer to as the BofA Merrill Lynch disclosure
memorandum. Previous versions of the BofA Merrill Lynch disclosure memorandum, dated September 6, 2015, April 24, 2016, July
7, 2016 and April 28, 2017, and related email disclosure dated December 14, 2015, had already been presented to the board. The
BofA Merrill Lynch disclosure memorandum included certain information concerning BofA Merrill Lynch’s material relationships
with KKR and WBA and noted, among other things, that a senior member of the financial advisory deal team working with
PharMerica is a member of the coverage team for WBA and a member of the financial advisory deal teams advising and seeking to
advise WBA regarding acquisition and disposition transactions unrelated to PharMerica, and that certain members of the financial
advisory deal team working with PharMerica had included PharMerica as one of several potential opportunities in discussion
materials for KKR and Financial Buyer 4, among others, and discussed generally PharMerica with WBA during ordinary course
coverage discussions (though no discussion materials were provided). Also, the board was presented with the final version of the
UBS material relationships disclosure memorandum on July 31, 2017, which we refer to as the UBS disclosure memorandum.
Previous versions of the UBS disclosure memorandum were delivered to the board on August 26, 2015 and February 1, 2017, and a
preliminary disclosure memorandum was delivered on November 24, 2015. The UBS disclosure memorandum included certain
information concerning UBS’ material relationships with KKR and WBA. Following consideration of these disclosures, the board
reaffirmed its view that neither UBS nor BofA Merrill Lynch had any material conflict of interest that would prevent it from serving
as a financial advisor to PharMerica.

On August 1, 2017, the board held a meeting to review the terms of the proposed transaction with KKR and WBA. At the invitation
of the board, members of senior management and representatives of UBS, BofA Merrill Lynch and Davis Polk also were present.
Prior to the meeting, copies of the current drafts of the merger agreement, antitrust support side letter and related transaction
agreements were provided to the board. At the meeting, representatives of Davis Polk reviewed the terms of the draft merger
agreement and other transaction documents, and updated the board as to the resolution of deal points that had been open.
Representatives of Davis Polk also discussed with the board the debt financing commitment letters, as well as the no-shop
restrictions in the merger agreement and reviewed with the board public disclosure obligations and operating restrictions that would
apply to PharMerica between the signing of the merger agreement and the closing of the proposed transaction. UBS reviewed with
the board its financial analysis of the merger consideration and delivered to the board an oral opinion, which was confirmed by
delivery of a written opinion dated August 1, 2017, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions
and limitations described in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received in the merger by holders of common stock (other
than Parent, Merger Sub and their affiliates), was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Also at this meeting, BofA
Merrill Lynch reviewed with the board its financial analysis of the merger consideration and delivered to the board an oral opinion,
which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated August 1, 2017, to the effect that, as of the date of its opinion and based
on and subject to various assumptions and

30



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 38/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

limitations described in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received in the merger by holders of common stock, was fair,
from a financial point of view, to such holders. Following questions from and discussions among the board and with their advisors
regarding the proposed transaction, the board unanimously determined it was advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
PharMerica and its stockholders to enter into the merger agreement, substantially in the form presented, and to consummate the
merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby, and the board unanimously approved, adopted and authorized the merger
agreement, the antitrust support side letter and the transactions contemplated thereby, resolved, subject to the provisions of the
merger agreement, that the merger agreement be submitted to PharMerica’s stockholders and recommended that PharMerica’s
stockholders approve and adopt the merger agreement and the merger. The board also unanimously approved the creation of a
Special Meeting Committee to perform certain administrative functions related to the special meeting of PharMerica’s stockholders.

On August 1, 2017, after the ending of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, the parties executed the merger agreement, the
antitrust support side letter and related transaction agreements.

Early in the morning on August 2, 2017, and prior to the commencement of trading on the New York Stock Exchange, PharMerica
issued a press release announcing the transaction. PharMerica filed this press release on August 2, 2017 with the SEC.

Reasons for the Merger

On August 1, 2017, the board unanimously approved the merger agreement and determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of PharMerica and its
stockholders. Accordingly, the board unanimously recommends that PharMerica stockholders vote “FOR” the merger
proposal.

In the course of making the unanimous decision to approve and recommend the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger, the board consulted with outside legal and financial advisors and PharMerica’s
management team, and considered a number of factors that it believed supported its decision, including, without limitation, the
following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):

Attractive Value. The board concluded that the consideration of $29.25 per share in cash represented an attractive valuation for the
Company and an opportunity for the Company’s stockholders to receive a meaningful premium over the market price of the
common stock and over the unaffected market price of the common stock. The board reviewed the current and historical market
prices of the common stock, including the market performance of the common stock relative to those of other participants in the
Company’s industry and general market indices, and the extensive sale process undertaken by the Company, including:

• the fact that the $29.25 per share price to be paid in cash in respect of each share of common stock represents an attractive
premium of approximately 17% to the Company’s stock price as of closing on the last trading day prior to announcement
of the merger agreement and a premium of approximately 18% to the Company’s 90-day volume weighted average price;

• the fact that UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch, at the board’s instruction, contacted ten strategic buyers and ten financial
buyers, that of these prospective buyers, ten (including each of KKR and Walgreens) entered into non-disclosure
agreements with respect to a potential transaction with the Company, five (including each of KKR and Walgreens) of
which conducted preliminary due diligence, and that no parties other than the KKR and Walgreens group were willing to
continue pursuing an acquisition of the Company after conducting preliminary due diligence;

• the fact that the Company had not received any other substantive alternative acquisition proposals, despite speculation in
the press since late August 2016, including the Reuters article published on August 24, 2016, that the Company was
considering a sale;

• the fact that the Company actively solicited increases in the proposal made by KKR and Walgreens, and KKR and
Walgreens indicated that the merger consideration was their best and final offer; and

• the risk that prolonging the sale process further could have resulted in the loss of an opportunity to consummate a
transaction with KKR and Walgreens and distracted senior management from

31



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 39/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

implementing the Company’s business plan, in a situation where, in the judgment of the board and management, informed
by the views of the Company’s advisors, there was no realistic likelihood of an alternative attractive bid.

Best Alternative for Maximizing Stockholder Value. The board considered that the merger consideration of  $29.25 in cash per share
was more favorable to the Company’s stockholders than the likely value that might result from other potential transactions or
remaining a standalone company. This decision was based on, among other things, the board’s assessment of:

• the Company’s future prospects, including risks related to achieving the revenue growth and profitability reflected in the
Company’s financial projections as a standalone company and the risks inherent in the Company’s industry, including the
competitive threat of consolidations and strategic transactions in the healthcare industry and the resulting changes in
contract terms with pharmacy benefit managers, including potential declines in reimbursement rates;

• the possible alternatives to a sale of the entire Company, including continuing as a standalone company (taking into
account the Company’s size and scale in its current healthcare industry environment), engaging in smaller acquisitions and
considering large-scale or other transformative transactions, which alternatives the board evaluated with the assistance of
its outside legal and financial advisors and determined did not present the best reasonably available alternative for our
stockholders in light of, among other factors, the potential risks, rewards and uncertainties associated with those
alternatives;

• the board’s belief that its negotiations had resulted in the highest price per share for the common stock that KKR and
Walgreens were willing to pay; and

• the board’s belief that the process conducted by the Company had resulted in the highest price reasonably available to the
stockholders of the Company.

Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors. The board considered the financial analysis presentations related to the fairness
opinions delivered by each of UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch to the board on August 1, 2017, as well as:

• the opinion of UBS, dated August 1, 2017, to the board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date
of the opinion, of the merger consideration to be received in the merger by the holders of common stock (other than
Parent, Merger Sub and their affiliates), as more fully described below in the section entitled “Opinions of the Company’s
Financial Advisors – Opinion of UBS” beginning on page 35 of this proxy statement; and

• the opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch, dated August 1, 2017, to the board as to the fairness, from a financial point of view
and as of the date of the opinion, of the merger consideration to be received in the merger by holders of common stock, as
more fully described below in the section entitled “Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors – Opinion of BofA
Merrill Lynch” beginning on page 42 of this proxy statement.

Relationships with Financial Advisors. The determination of the board that the relationships between each of UBS and BofA Merrill
Lynch, on the one hand, and each of the Company, KKR and Walgreens, on the other hand, disclosed to the board by UBS and BofA
Merrill Lynch, respectively, would not impair the ability of either UBS or BofA Merrill Lynch to provide impartial advice to the
board.

Greater Certainty of Value. The board considered that the proposed merger consideration is all cash, so that the transaction provides
stockholders certainty of value and liquidity for their shares. The receipt of cash consideration also eliminates the risk for our
stockholders of the continued execution of our business on a standalone basis.

Business Reputation of KKR and Walgreens. The board considered the business reputation, management and financial resources of
KKR and Walgreens, with respect to the transaction. The board believed these factors supported the conclusion that a transaction
with affiliates of KKR and Walgreens could be completed relatively quickly and in an orderly manner.

32



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 40/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Likelihood of Completion. The board considered the likelihood of completion of the merger in light of the terms of the merger
agreement and the closing conditions, including:

• the fact that Parent and Merger Sub have obtained committed debt financing for the transaction from reputable financial
institutions and committed equity financing, the limited number and nature of the conditions to the debt and equity
financing, the obligation of Parent to use reasonable best efforts to consummate the debt financing and the requirement
that, in the event of a failure of the merger to be consummated in circumstances related to the failure of Parent and Merger
Sub to obtain such financing, Parent will pay the Company a termination fee of $56.6 million, as more fully described
under “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Financing” beginning on page 51 of this proxy statement;

• the merger is not subject to any financing-related condition (although the funding of the debt financing is subject to the
satisfaction of the limited conditions set forth in the debt commitment letter under which the debt financing will be
provided);

• the Company’s ability, under circumstances specified in the merger agreement, to specifically enforce Parent’s obligation
to enforce the financing commitments and to cause the equity financing sources to fund their contributions as
contemplated by the merger agreement and the equity commitment letters;

• the conditions to closing contained in the merger agreement, which are limited in number and scope, and which, in the
case of the condition related to the accuracy of the Company’s representations and warranties, are generally subject to a
“material adverse effect” or other materiality qualifications;

• the relative likelihood of obtaining required regulatory approvals, KKR and Walgreens’ obligation to accept certain
remedies to obtain antitrust approvals, including certain actions that would reasonably be expected to result in or account
for, either individually or in the aggregate, an annual loss of net worldwide sales revenues (as measured by 2016 sales
revenue) of up to $85 million to Parent and its subsidiaries (including, following the closing, the Company and its
subsidiaries), taken as a whole, and KKR and Walgreens’ obligations under the antitrust support side letter to use
reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary to enable Parent to comply with the antitrust covenants in the merger
agreement, subject to certain exceptions therein; and

• the requirement that, in the event of a failure of the merger to be consummated under circumstances relating to the failure
to obtain required antitrust approvals, Parent will pay the Company a termination fee of $56.6 million or $113.3 million,
depending on the circumstances, without the Company having to establish any damages, and the guarantee of such
payment obligations by KKR and Walgreens pursuant to the limited guarantees, as more fully described under “The
Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement.

Opportunity to Receive Unsolicited Alternative Proposals and to Terminate the Transaction in Order to Accept a Superior Proposal.
The board considered the terms of the merger agreement permitting PharMerica to receive unsolicited alternative proposals, and the
other terms and conditions of the merger agreement, including:

• PharMerica’s right, subject to certain conditions, to respond to and negotiate unsolicited acquisition proposals made prior
to the time PharMerica’s stockholders approve the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. In this regard, the board took
into consideration that the non-disclosure agreements entered into by eight potentially interested parties (other than KKR
and Walgreens) either did not contain standstill provisions or contained standstill provisions that fell away once the
Company entered into a definitive transaction agreement;

• the provision of the merger agreement allowing the board to terminate the merger agreement in specified circumstances
relating to a superior proposal, subject, in specified cases, to payment of a termination fee of $33 million; and

• the fact that as of October 3, 2017, the date of this proxy statement, no person has made an unsolicited offer or proposal to
acquire PharMerica.

Other Factors. The board also considered:

• the availability of appraisal rights under Delaware law to holders of shares of common stock who do not vote in favor of
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and comply with all of the required

33



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 41/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

procedures under Delaware law, which provides those eligible stockholders with an opportunity to have a Delaware court
determine the fair value of their shares, which may be more than, less than, or the same as the amount such stockholders
would have received under the merger agreement;

• the benefits that the Company was able to obtain during extensive negotiations with KKR and Walgreens and that the
merger agreement and related transaction agreements were the product of arm’s-length negotiations and contained terms
and conditions that were, in the board’s view, advisable, fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders;

• the merger agreement is subject to adoption by the Company’s stockholders, who are free to reject the merger agreement;

• the current state of the economy, debt financing markets and uncertainty surrounding forecasted economic conditions both
in the near term and the long term, generally, and within the Company’s industry in particular; and

• the interests of the Company’s directors and executive officers in the merger as more fully described under “The Merger
(Proposal 1)—Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 54 of this
proxy statement.

In the course of reaching the determinations and decisions and making the recommendation described above, the board considered
the following risks and potentially negative factors relating to the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions
contemplated thereby:

• that the Company’s stockholders generally will have no ongoing equity participation in the Company following the
merger, and that such stockholders will cease to participate in the Company’s future earnings or growth, if any, or to
benefit from increases, if any, in the value of the common stock, and will not participate in any potential future sale of the
surviving corporation to a third party;

• the risk of incurring substantial expenses related to the merger;

• the risk of litigation arising in respect of the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger;

• the risk that there can be no assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations to complete the merger will be
satisfied, and as a result, it is possible that the merger may not be completed even if the merger agreement is adopted by
the Company’s stockholders. If the merger is not completed, (i) the Company will have incurred significant risk and
transaction and opportunity costs, including the possibility of disruption to our operations, diversion of management and
employee attention and a potentially negative effect on our business, (ii) the trading price of shares of our common stock
would likely be adversely affected and (iii) the market’s perceptions of the Company’s prospects could be adversely
affected;

• the risk that the debt financing contemplated by the debt commitment letters or the equity financing contemplated by the
equity commitment letters will not be obtained, resulting in Parent and Merger Sub not having sufficient funds to complete
the merger;

• that completion of the merger would require antitrust clearance in the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions and
the satisfaction of certain other closing conditions, including that no Company material adverse effect has occurred, which
conditions are not entirely within the Company’s control and that there can be no assurances that any or all such conditions
will be satisfied;

• the merger agreement’s restrictions on the conduct of the Company’s business prior to the completion of the merger,
generally requiring the Company to conduct its business only in the ordinary course, subject to specific limitations, which
may delay or prevent the Company from undertaking business opportunities that may arise pending completion of the
merger;

• the risks and costs to the Company if the merger does not close, including uncertainty about the effect of the proposed
merger on the Company’s employees, customers and other parties, which may impair the Company’s ability to attract,
retain and motivate key personnel, and could cause customers, suppliers and others to seek to change existing business
relationships with the Company;

34



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 42/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• that the receipt of cash by stockholders in exchange for shares of common stock pursuant to the merger will be a taxable
transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

• the possibility that, under certain circumstances under the merger agreement, the Company may be required to pay a
termination fee of  $33 million as more fully described under “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” beginning on
page 82 of this proxy statement;

• that the terms of the merger agreement prohibit the Company and its representatives from soliciting third-party bids and
Parent has the right to match an unsolicited third-party bid, if made, which terms could reduce the likelihood that other
potential acquirers would propose an alternative transaction that may be more advantageous to our stockholders; and

• the fact that Parent and Merger Sub are newly formed corporations with essentially no assets and that the Company’s
remedy in the event of breach of the merger agreement by Parent and Merger Sub may be limited to the receipt of a $56.6
million or $113.3 million termination fee, depending on the circumstance, payable by Parent and guaranteed by KKR and
Walgreens pursuant to the limited guarantees.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the board includes the material factors considered by the
board and is not intended to be an exhaustive list of the information and factors considered by the board in its consideration of the
merger. In view of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the board did not find it
practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its
determination and recommendation. In addition, individual directors may have given different weights to different factors. The
board recommended the merger agreement and the merger based upon the totality of the information it considered.

Recommendation of the Company’s Board of Directors

After careful consideration, the board has unanimously (i) determined that the merger agreement and transactions contemplated
thereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, and (iii) resolved, subject to the provisions of the merger agreement, to
recommend the acceptance of the merger agreement, including the merger, by the stockholders of the Company at the special
meeting. Certain factors considered by the board in reaching its decision to approve the merger agreement and approve the merger
can be found in the section entitled “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 31 of this proxy
statement.

The board unanimously recommends that the stockholders of the Company vote “FOR” the merger proposal.

Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors

Opinion of UBS

PharMerica retained UBS to act as financial advisor to PharMerica. As part of that engagement, the board requested that UBS
render an opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of common stock (other than Parent, Merger Sub
and their affiliates) of the merger consideration to be received by such holders in the merger. On August 1, 2017, at a meeting of the
board held to evaluate the merger and the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, UBS delivered to the board
an oral opinion, which opinion was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated August 1, 2017, to the effect
that, as of that date and based on and subject to various assumptions made, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations
described in its written opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of common stock (other than Parent, Merger
Sub and their affiliates) in the merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of UBS’s opinion to the board describes the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and
qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken by UBS. The opinion is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B and is
incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. Holders of common stock are encouraged to read UBS’s opinion carefully
in its entirety. UBS’s opinion was provided for the benefit of the board (in its capacity as such) in connection with, and for
the purpose of, its evaluation of

35



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 43/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the merger consideration to be received by the holders of common stock (other than Parent, Merger Sub and their affiliates)
in the merger from a financial point of view, and does not address any other aspect of the merger or any related transaction.
UBS’s opinion does not address the relative merits of the merger or any related transaction as compared to other business
strategies or transactions that might be available with respect to PharMerica or PharMerica’s underlying business decision
to effect the merger or any related transaction. UBS’s opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder of
PharMerica as to how such stockholder should vote or act with respect to the merger or any related transaction. The
following summary of UBS’s opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of UBS’s opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, UBS, among other things:

• reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to PharMerica;

• reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the business and financial prospects of
PharMerica that were not publicly available, including financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of
PharMerica that the board directed UBS to utilize for purposes of its analyses;

• conducted discussions with members of the senior management of PharMerica concerning the business and financial
prospects of PharMerica;

• performed a discounted cash flow analysis of PharMerica in which UBS analyzed the future cash flows of PharMerica
using financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of PharMerica;

• reviewed publicly available financial and stock market data with respect to certain other companies UBS believed to be
generally relevant;

• compared the financial terms of the merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain other transactions UBS
believed to be generally relevant;

• reviewed current and historical market prices of the common stock;

• reviewed the merger agreement; and

• conducted such other financial studies, analyses and investigations, and considered such other information, as UBS
deemed necessary or appropriate.

In connection with its review, with the consent of the board, UBS assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information provided to or reviewed by UBS for the purpose of the
opinion. In addition, with the consent of the board, UBS did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets
or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of PharMerica, nor was UBS furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to
the financial forecasts and estimates referred to above, UBS assumed, at the direction of the board, that they were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of PharMerica as to the future
financial performance of PharMerica. In addition, UBS assumed, with the approval of the board, that the financial forecasts and
estimates referred to above will be achieved at the times and in the amounts projected. The opinion of UBS was necessarily based
on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information available to UBS as of, the date of its
opinion.

At the direction of the board, UBS was not asked to, nor did it, offer any opinion as to the terms, other than the merger consideration
to the extent expressly specified in the opinion, of the merger agreement or any related documents or the form of the merger or any
related transaction. UBS expressed no opinion as to (i) the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be received by
any officers, directors or employees of any parties to the merger, or any class of such persons, relative to the merger consideration,
or (ii) the price at which the common stock will trade at any time. In rendering its opinion, UBS assumed, with the consent of the
board, that (a) the parties to the merger agreement will comply with all material terms of the merger agreement, and (b) the merger
will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement without any adverse waiver or amendment of any
material term or condition thereof. UBS also assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary
for the consummation of the merger will be obtained without any material adverse effect on PharMerica, Parent or the merger.

36



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 44/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In connection with rendering its opinion to the board, UBS performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses, which are
summarized below. The following summary is not a complete description of all analyses performed and factors considered by UBS
in connection with its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process involving subjective judgments and is not
necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. With respect to the selected public company analysis and the
selected transactions analysis summarized below, no company or transaction used as a comparison was identical to PharMerica, or
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. These analyses necessarily involve complex considerations and judgments
concerning financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or acquisition values of the
companies concerned.

UBS believes its analyses and the summary contained in this proxy statement must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and factors or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and
factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying UBS’s
analyses and opinion. UBS did not draw, in isolation, conclusions from or with regard to any one factor or method of analysis for
purposes of its opinion, but rather arrived at its ultimate opinion based on the results of all analyses undertaken by it and assessed as
a whole.

The estimates of the future performance of PharMerica underlying the analyses of UBS are not necessarily indicative of actual
future results or values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those estimates. These estimates are necessarily
subject to uncertainty because, among other things, they are based upon numerous factors and events beyond the control of
PharMerica or its advisors. In performing its analyses, UBS considered industry performance, general business and economic
conditions and other matters, many of which were beyond the control of PharMerica. Estimates of the financial value of companies
do not purport to be appraisals or necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or securities actually may be sold or acquired.

The merger consideration to be received by the holders of common stock was determined through negotiations between Parent and
PharMerica and the decision by PharMerica to enter into the merger agreement to effect the transaction was solely that of the board.
UBS’s opinion and financial analyses were only one of many factors considered by the board in its evaluation of the merger and
should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the board or the management of PharMerica with respect to the merger or the
merger consideration. While UBS provided advice to the board in connection with the proposed merger, the board determined the
consideration and UBS did not recommend any specific amount or type of consideration.

Summary of the Financial Analyses of UBS

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by UBS and reviewed with the board on August 1, 2017 in
connection with UBS’s opinion. The financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In
order for UBS’s financial analyses to be fully understood, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary.
The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. Considering the data below without
considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying
the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of UBS’s financial analyses.

Selected Public Companies Analysis

UBS compared selected financial data of PharMerica with corresponding data of the following nine publicly traded U.S. companies,
which, based on its professional judgment and expertise, UBS believed to be generally relevant to its analysis (the “Selected
Companies”), three of which were pharmaceutical distributors, three of which were long term care providers, and solely for
reference purposes (as such companies had businesses that had comparatively less overlap with the business of PharMerica), one of
which was a pharmaceutical benefits management company, one of which was an infusion services company, and one of which was
a specialty pharmacy company:

Selected Companies

• Pharmaceutical Distributor Companies

• AmerisourceBergen Corporation

• Cardinal Health, Inc.

• McKesson Corporation

37



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 45/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• Long Term Care Companies

• Ensign Group, Inc.

• Genesis Healthcare Inc.

• Kindred Healthcare, Inc.

• Pharmaceutical Benefits Management Company

• Express Scripts Holding Company

• Infusion Services Company

• BioScrip, Inc.

• Specialty Pharmacy Company

• Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.

UBS reviewed, among other things:

• the enterprise values, calculated as equity market value based on closing stock prices on July 31, 2017 (or in the case of
Kindred Healthcare, Inc., April 9, 2017, which was the latest unaffected date prior to sale rumors), the last practicable
price date prior to the delivery of UBS’s oral opinion, plus debt at book value, less cash and cash equivalents, plus
minority interest at book value of each of the Selected Companies as a multiple of calendar year 2017 and 2018 estimated
EBITDA of such Selected Company (“EV/EBITDA Multiples”); provided that with respect to the Selected Companies
that were long term care companies, enterprise values were calculated inclusive of capitalized lease expense at 8.0x
(which multiple is, in the professional judgment of UBS, standard for the industry), and EBITDA was calculated as
EBITDAR, which represents EBITDA plus lease expense; and

• the closing stock prices on July 31, 2017 (or in the case of Kindred Healthcare, Inc., April 9, 2017, which was the latest
unaffected date prior to sale rumors), the last practicable price date prior to the delivery of UBS’s oral opinion, of each of
the Selected Companies as a multiple of calendar year 2017 and 2018 estimated earnings per share of such Selected
Company (including stock based compensation expense and adjusted for amortization) (“Adj. P/E Multiples”).

Financial data for the Selected Companies were based on FactSet data, public filings and other publicly available information as
well as analyst research.

UBS then compared such multiples derived for the Selected Companies that were pharmaceutical distribution companies and long
term care companies, and solely for reference purposes, the Selected Companies that were a pharmaceutical benefits management
company, an infusion services company, and a specialty pharmacy company, with corresponding multiples implied for PharMerica,
based on, among other things:

• the enterprise value on July 31, 2017 of PharMerica as a multiple of calendar year 2017 and 2018 estimated EBITDA; and

• the closing share price of PharMerica on July 31, 2017, as a multiple of calendar year 2017 and 2018 estimated adjusted
earnings per share.

Estimated financial data used for the EV/EBITDA Multiples of PharMerica and Adj. P/E Multiples of PharMerica were based on
the financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of PharMerica. See “Projected Financial Information.”

38



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 46/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

This analysis indicated the following implied EV/EBITDA Multiples and Adj. P/E Multiples for the Selected Companies that were
pharmaceutical distribution companies and long term care companies, and solely for reference purposes, the Selected Companies
that were a pharmaceutical benefits management company, an infusion services company, and a specialty pharmacy company, as
compared to corresponding implied EV/EBITDA Multiples and Adj. P/E Multiples for PharMerica:

 
EV/EBITDA

Multiples
Adj. P/E
Multiples

 2017E 2018E 2017E 2018E
Pharmaceutical Distributor Companies             

Mean  9.5x  9.0x  14.6x  13.8x 
Median  9.6x  9.0x  14.6x  14.1x 

             
Long Term Care Companies             

Mean  8.0x  7.7x  13.6x  12.1x 
Median  7.9x  7.7x  13.6x  12.1x 

             
Pharmaceutical Distributor and Long Term Care Companies

Overall             
High  10.2x  9.7x  16.2x  15.0x 
Mean  8.8x  8.3x  14.2x  13.1x 
Median  8.5x  8.0x  14.6x  14.1x 
Low  7.8x  7.5x  11.0x  9.1x 

             
Pharmaceutical Benefits Management Company             

Express Scripts Holding Company  6.7x  6.5x  9.0x  8.2x 
             
Infusion Services Company             

BioScrip, Inc.  19.6x  14.3x  nm  nm 
             
Specialty Pharmacy Company             

Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.  12.8x  11.6x  24.5x  21.4x 
             
PharMerica             

As of July 31, 2017 at $25.15 per share  8.7x  7.8x  12.9x  11.5x 
At merger consideration of $29.25 per share  9.6x  8.6x  15.0x  13.4x 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

UBS performed discounted cash flow analyses utilizing financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of
PharMerica. See “Projected Financial Information.” UBS calculated ranges of implied present values (as of June 30, 2017) of the
standalone, unlevered, free cash flows that PharMerica was forecasted to generate from July 1, 2017 through December 31, 2021
and of terminal values for PharMerica. Implied terminal values were derived by applying to PharMerica’s 2021 estimated EBITDA
a range of estimated terminal last twelve months EBITDA multiples of 7.5x to 9.5x, which range was selected based on current and
historical trading EBITDA multiples of PharMerica and certain of the Selected Companies. Implied present values of cash flows
and terminal values were calculated using discount rates ranging from 8% to 9%, reflecting estimates of PharMerica’s weighted
average cost of capital. The discounted cash flow analyses resulted in a range of implied equity values of $24.00 to $33.90 per share
for PharMerica.

Selected Transactions Analysis

In order to provide certain context for the primary valuation and financial analyses in connection with its opinion as described
above, UBS performed the selected transactions analysis summarized below, solely for reference purposes. UBS does not consider
such analysis to be a determinative valuation methodology for purposes of its opinion.

39



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 47/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

UBS reviewed publicly available information and Wall Street research analyst reports relating to the following 14 acquisition
transactions involving public target companies of which two were institutional pharmacy / specialty pharmacy companies, five were
pharmaceutical benefits management companies, three were infusion services companies, and four were long term care companies,
which, based on its professional judgment and expertise, UBS believed to be generally relevant to its analysis (the “Selected
Transactions”).

Institutional Pharmacy / Specialty Pharmacy
Announcement Date Acquiror Target

May, 2015 CVS Health Corporation Omnicare, Inc.
October, 2014 Catamaran Corporation Salveo Specialty Pharmacy, Inc.

Pharmaceutical Benefits Management
Announcement Date Acquiror Target

March, 2015 UnitedHealth Group Incorporated Catamaran Corporation
February, 2015 Rite Aid Corporation Envision Pharmaceutical Services, Inc.
August, 2013 Catamaran Corporation Restat, LLC
April, 2012 SXC Health Solutions Corp. Catalyst Health Solutions, Inc.
July, 2011 Express Scripts Inc. Medco Health Solutions Inc.

Infusion Services
Announcement Date Acquiror Target
November, 2013 CVS Caremark Corp. Coram, LLC

June, 2013 BioScrip, Inc. CarePoint Partners Holdings LLC
January, 2010 BioScrip, Inc. Critical Homecare Solutions Holdings, Inc.

Long Term Care
Announcement Date Acquiror Target
November, 2014 HealthSouth Corporation EHHI Holdings, Inc.

October, 2014 Kindred Healthcare Inc. Gentiva Health Services Inc.
August, 2014 Genesis HealthCare, LLC Skilled Healthcare Group, Inc.

June, 2012 Genesis HealthCare, LLC Sun Healthcare Group, Inc.

UBS reviewed, among other things, transaction values of the target company in each of the Selected Transactions as a multiple of
such target company’s EBITDA for the prior twelve months and EBITDA for the next twelve months. UBS then compared such
multiples derived for the target companies with corresponding multiples calculated for PharMerica. Financial data regarding the
Selected Transactions and used to determine the multiples were based on public filings, Wall Street research analyst reports, and
press releases. Estimated financial data used for PharMerica were based on the financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the
management of PharMerica. See “Projected Financial Information.”

40



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 48/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

These analyses indicated the following multiples for the target companies in each of the Selected Transactions, as compared to the
corresponding implied multiples for PharMerica:
 Multiple of EBITDA
 LTM NTM
Institutional Pharmacy / Specialty Pharmacy       

Mean  15.1x  13.0x 
Median  15.1x  13.0x 

       
Pharmaceutical Benefits Management       

Mean  16.9x  12.6x 
Median  17.6x  13.0x 

       
Infusion Services       

Mean  12.4x  12.9x 
Median  12.4x  12.9x 

       
Long Term Care       

Mean  8.4x  8.3x 
Median  8.8x  8.3x 

       
Selected Transactions Overall       

High  21.2x  16.8x 
Mean  13.4x  11.4x 
Median  13.0x  10.4x 
Low  6.3x  6.5x 

       
PharMerica       

At merger consideration of $29.25 per share  10.3x  9.0x 

Miscellaneous

Under the terms of UBS’s engagement, PharMerica agreed to pay UBS an aggregate fee of $6.06 million, of which $500,000
became payable upon delivery of UBS’s opinion, and the remainder of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger. In
addition, PharMerica agreed to reimburse UBS for its reasonable and documented expenses, including fees, disbursements and other
charges of counsel, and to indemnify UBS and related parties against liabilities, including liabilities under federal securities laws,
relating to, or arising out of, its engagement. In the past, UBS and its affiliates have provided investment banking services to WBA
and certain of its affiliates, unrelated to the proposed merger, for which UBS and its affiliates received compensation, including (i)
providing financial advisory services to WBA in connection with its proposed acquisition of Rite Aid, (ii) acting as administrative
agent, joint lead arranger and joint lead bookrunner in connection with WBA’s $12,800,000,000 bridge facility commitment for its
proposed acquisition of Rite Aid, and (iii) acting as joint bookrunner in connection with WBA’s issuance of notes in the aggregate
principal amount of $6,000,000,000. In addition, in the past, UBS and its affiliates have provided lending, investment banking and
underwriting services to KKR and certain of its affiliates, unrelated to the proposed merger, for which UBS and its affiliates
received compensation. From January 1, 2015 through July 31, 2017, UBS and its affiliates derived revenues from KKR, WBA and
certain of their respective affiliates of approximately $125,000,000 in the aggregate for investment banking, lending and
underwriting services. In the ordinary course of business, UBS and its affiliates may hold or trade, for their own accounts and the
accounts of their customers, securities of PharMerica, WBA, KKR, and their respective affiliates, and, accordingly, may at any time
hold a long or short position in such securities. The issuance of UBS’s opinion was approved by an authorized committee of UBS.

41



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 49/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PharMerica selected UBS as its financial advisor in connection with the merger because UBS is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm with substantial experience in similar transactions. UBS is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses
and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, leveraged buyouts, negotiated underwritings, competitive bids,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, and private placements.

Opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch

The Company has retained BofA Merrill Lynch to act as the Company’s financial advisor in connection with the merger. BofA
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking firm which is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses
and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted
securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other purposes. The Company selected BofA Merrill Lynch to act as
the Company’s financial advisor in connection with the merger on the basis of BofA Merrill Lynch’s experience in transactions
similar to the merger, its reputation in the investment community and its familiarity with the Company and its business.

On August 1, 2017, at a meeting of the board held to evaluate the merger, BofA Merrill Lynch delivered to the board an oral
opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated August 1, 2017, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion
and based on and subject to various assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received in
the merger by holders of shares of common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of BofA Merrill Lynch’s written opinion to the board, which describes, among other things, the assumptions
made, procedures followed, factors considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this
document and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The following summary of BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. BofA Merrill Lynch delivered its opinion to the board for
the benefit and use of the board (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the merger
consideration from a financial point of view. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger
and no opinion or view was expressed as to the relative merits of the merger in comparison to other strategies or
transactions that might be available to the Company or in which the Company might engage or as to the underlying business
decision of the Company to proceed with or effect the merger. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other
aspect of the merger and does not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote or act in connection
with the proposed merger or any other matter.

In connection with rendering its opinion, BofA Merrill Lynch, among other things:

i. reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to the Company;

ii. reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of the
Company furnished to or discussed with BofA Merrill Lynch by the management of the Company, including certain
financial forecasts relating to the Company prepared by the management of the Company (such forecasts, referred to
herein as the “Company management forecasts”);

iii. reviewed and discussed with the management of the Company its estimates of the amount and utilization of certain net
operating losses (referred to herein, collectively, as the “NOLs”);

iv. discussed the past and current business, operations, financial condition and prospects of the Company with members of
senior management of the Company;

v. reviewed the trading history for the common stock and a comparison of that trading history with the trading histories of
other companies BofA Merrill Lynch deemed relevant;

vi. compared certain financial and stock market information of the Company with similar information of other companies
BofA Merrill Lynch deemed relevant;

vii. considered the results of BofA Merrill Lynch’s efforts on behalf of the Company to solicit, at the direction of the
Company, indications of interest from certain third parties with respect to a possible acquisition of the Company;

42



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 50/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

viii. reviewed a draft, dated July 28, 2017, of the merger agreement, and drafts, dated July 31, 2017, of the limited guarantees
executed by each of WBA and KKR Americas XII in favor of the Company (for purposes of this section, each limited
guarantee, together with the merger agreement, is referred to as the Transaction Agreements and such drafts are referred to
as the “Draft Transaction Agreements”); and

ix. performed such other analyses and studies and considered such other information and factors as BofA Merrill Lynch
deemed appropriate.

In arriving at its opinion, BofA Merrill Lynch assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of the financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise reviewed by or
discussed with BofA Merrill Lynch and relied upon the assurances of the management of the Company that it was not aware of any
facts or circumstances that would make such information or data inaccurate or misleading in any material respect. With respect to
the Company management forecasts and the NOLs, BofA Merrill Lynch was advised by the Company, and assumed, that they were
reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of the
Company as to the future financial performance of the Company and the other matters covered thereby. BofA Merrill Lynch relied,
at the direction of the Company, on the assessments of the management of the Company as to the ability to utilize the NOLs and
was advised by the Company, and assumed, at the direction of the Company, that such NOLs would be utilized in the amounts and
at the times projected. BofA Merrill Lynch did not make and was not provided with any independent evaluation or appraisal of the
assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of the Company, nor did BofA Merrill Lynch make any physical inspection of the
properties or assets of the Company. BofA Merrill Lynch did not evaluate the solvency or fair value of the Company, Parent or
Merger Sub under any state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. BofA Merrill Lynch
assumed, at the direction of the Company, that the merger would be consummated in accordance with its terms, without waiver,
modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary
governmental, regulatory and other approvals, consents, releases and waivers for the merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or
condition, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or modifications, would be imposed that would have an adverse
effect on the Company or the contemplated benefits of the merger. BofA Merrill Lynch also assumed, at the direction of the
Company, that the final executed Transaction Agreements would not differ in any material respect from the Draft Transaction
Agreements reviewed by BofA Merrill Lynch.

BofA Merrill Lynch expressed no view or opinion as to any terms or other aspects or implications of the merger (other than the
merger consideration to the extent expressly specified in its opinion), including, without limitation, the form or structure of the
merger, any related transactions or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection with or related to
the merger or otherwise. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion was limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger
consideration to be received by holders of shares of common stock and no opinion or view was expressed with respect to any
consideration received in connection with the merger by the holders of any class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of
any party. In addition, no opinion or view was expressed with respect to the fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount, nature or
any other aspect of any compensation to any of the officers, directors or employees of any party to the merger, or class of such
persons, relative to the merger consideration or otherwise. Furthermore, no opinion or view was expressed as to the relative merits
of the merger in comparison to other strategies or transactions that might be available to the Company or in which the Company
might engage or as to the underlying business decision of the Company to proceed with or effect the merger. BofA Merrill Lynch
also did not express any view or opinion with respect to, and BofA Merrill Lynch relied, at the direction of the Company, upon the
assessments of representatives of the Company regarding, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax and similar matters relating to the
Company or the merger, as to which matters BofA Merrill Lynch understood that the Company obtained such advice as it deemed
necessary from qualified professionals. In addition, BofA Merrill Lynch expressed no opinion or recommendation as to how any
stockholder should vote or act in connection with the merger or any other matter. Except as described in this summary, the Company
imposed no other limitations on the investigations made or procedures followed by BofA Merrill Lynch in rendering its opinion.

BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion was necessarily based on financial, economic, monetary, market and other conditions and
circumstances as in effect on, and the information made available to BofA Merrill Lynch as of,

43



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 51/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the date of its opinion. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion, and BofA
Merrill Lynch does not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm its opinion. The issuance of BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion
was approved by a fairness opinion review committee of BofA Merrill Lynch.

The discussion set forth below in the section entitled “Summary of Material Financial Analyses of the Company” represents a brief
summary of the material financial analyses presented by BofA Merrill Lynch to the board in connection with its opinion, dated
August 1, 2017. The financial analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular format. In order to fully
understand the financial analyses performed by BofA Merrill Lynch, the tables must be read together with the text of each
summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses performed by BofA Merrill
Lynch. Considering the data set forth in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of the financial
analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete
view of the financial analyses performed by BofA Merrill Lynch.

Summary of Material Financial Analyses of the Company

Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis. BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed publicly available financial and stock market
information for the Company and the following nine publicly traded companies in the long term care, pharmacy benefit
management, infusion/specialty pharmacy and pharmaceutical distribution industries that BofA Merrill Lynch considered to have
similar or reasonably comparable operations to the Company, or that operate in the end markets served by the Company:

 

2017E
adjusted EPS

multiple

2018E
adjusted EPS

multiple

2017E
EBITDA
multiple

2018E
EBITDA
multiple

AmerisourceBergen Corporation  15.7x  14.5x  9.6x  9.0x 
BioScrip, Inc.  N/A  N/A  19.6x  14.3x 
Cardinal Health Inc.  14.6x  14.1x  10.2x  9.7x 
Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc.  24.5x  21.4x  12.8x  11.6x 
Express Scripts Holding Co.  9.0x  8.2x  6.7x  6.5x 
Genesis Healthcare Inc.  N/A  N/A  7.8x  7.7x 
Kindred Healthcare, Inc.  11.0x  9.1x  7.9x  7.5x 
McKesson Corporation  13.5x  12.7x  8.8x  8.3x 
The Ensign Group, Inc.  16.2x  15.0x  8.2x  7.7x 

BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed, among other things, per share equity values, based on closing stock prices on July 31, 2017, of the
selected publicly traded companies as a multiple of estimated adjusted earnings per share, which we refer to in this section as
“EPS”, for calendar years 2017 and 2018. The overall low, mean, median and high calendar year 2017 EPS multiples observed for
the selected publicly traded companies (disregarding companies that forecasted losses) were 9.0x, 13.3x, 14.0x and 24.5x,
respectively, and the overall low, mean, median and high calendar year 2018 EPS multiples observed for the selected publicly traded
companies (disregarding companies that forecasted losses) were 8.2x, 12.3x, 13.4x and 21.4x, respectively. BofA Merrill Lynch also
reviewed enterprise values of the selected publicly traded companies, calculated as equity values based on closing stock prices on
July 31, 2017, plus debt, plus minority interest, less cash, as a multiple of estimated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and
amortization, which we refer to in this section as “EBITDA”, for calendar years 2017 and 2018. The overall low, mean, median and
high calendar year 2017 EBITDA multiples observed for the selected publicly traded companies were 6.7x, 8.5x, 8.2x and 19.6x,
respectively, and the overall low, mean, median and high calendar year 2018 EBITDA multiples observed for the selected publicly
traded companies were 6.5x, 8.1x, 7.7x and 14.3x, respectively. In each case, the mean and median multiples excluded BioScrip,
Inc. and Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc., which, in the judgment of BofA Merrill Lynch, were not representative of the group, given that
only a minimal portion of their respective overall businesses would be directly comparable with the Company’s business. BofA
Merrill Lynch then applied (i) calendar year 2017 EPS multiples of 11.5x to 14.5x derived from the selected publicly traded
companies, based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment, to the Company’s calendar year 2017 estimated EPS of $1.95 per
share, and calendar year 2018 EPS multiples of 10.5x to 13.5x derived from the selected publicly traded companies, based on BofA
Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment, to the Company’s 2018 estimated EPS

44



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 52/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of $2.19 per share, and (ii) calendar year 2017 EBITDA multiples of 7.5x to 9.5x derived from the selected publicly traded
companies, based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment, to the Company’s calendar year 2017 estimated EBITDA of
$142 million, and calendar year 2018 EBITDA multiples of 7.0x to 9.0x derived from the selected publicly traded companies, based
on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment, to the Company’s calendar year 2018 estimated EBITDA of $159 million.
Estimated financial data of the selected publicly traded companies were based on publicly available research analysts’ estimates,
and estimated financial data of the Company were based on the Company management forecasts. This analysis indicated the
following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for the Company, as compared to the merger consideration:

Implied Per Share Equity Value
Reference Ranges for the Company

Merger
Consideration

2017E
adjusted EPS

2018E
adjusted EPS

2017E
EBITDA

2018E
EBITDA  

$22.50 - $28.30 $23.00 - $29.60 $19.90 - $28.70 $21.30 - $31.20 $29.25

No company used in this analysis is identical or directly comparable to the Company. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of
this analysis is not entirely mathematical. Rather, this analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning
differences in financial and operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the public trading or other values of the
companies to which the Company was compared.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. BofA Merrill Lynch performed a discounted cash flow analysis of the Company to calculate the
estimated present value of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that the Company was forecasted to generate from the
third fiscal quarter of 2017 through calendar year 2021 based on the Company management forecasts, both (i) without taking into
account the present value of $33 million of federal NOL tax attributes as of June 30, 2017, and (ii) taking into account the present
value of $33 million of federal NOL tax attributes as of June 30, 2017. BofA Merrill Lynch calculated terminal values for the
Company by applying terminal last twelve months multiples of 7.5x to 9.5x, which range was selected based on BofA Merrill
Lynch’s professional judgment and experience, to the Company’s estimated EBITDA for the last twelve months ending December
31, 2021. The cash flows and terminal values were then discounted to present value as of June 30, 2017, using discount rates
ranging from 7.5% to 8.5%, which were based on an estimate of the Company’s weighted average cost of capital. This analysis
indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for the Company as compared to the merger
consideration:

 
Implied Per Share Equity Value

Reference Range for the Company
Merger

Consideration
Not taking into account present value of federal NOLs $24.40 - $34.50 $ 29.25 
Taking into account present value of federal NOLs $24.80 - $34.90 $ 29.25 

Other Factors

BofA Merrill Lynch also noted certain additional factors that were not considered part of BofA Merrill Lynch’s material financial
analyses with respect to its opinion but were referenced for informational purposes, including, among other things, the following:

• historical trading prices per share of common stock during the 52-week period ended July 31, 2017, which indicated that
during such period the Company’s closing prices ranged from $20.20 to $28.17 per share;

• one-year forward share price targets as of July 31, 2017 for shares of common stock in publicly available research analyst
reports, which indicated share price targets for the Company, discounted by one year to present value as of July 31, 2017
utilizing a discount rate of 10.0% (the Company’s cost of equity), of approximately $17.30 to $28.20 per share; and

• an illustrative leveraged buy-out reference range of $22.40 to $29.90 assuming, among other things, an illustrative
transaction closing date of June 30, 2017 and an illustrative exit date of December 31, 2021, and calculated by applying
exit last twelve months multiples of 7.5x to 9.5x to the Company’s estimated EBITDA for the last twelve months ending
December 31, 2021 (with an illustrative target internal rate of return of 17.5% to 22.5%).

45



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 53/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Miscellaneous

As noted above, the discussion set forth above in the section entitled “Summary of Material Financial Analyses of the Company” is
a summary of the material financial analyses presented by BofA Merrill Lynch to the board in connection with its opinion and is not
a comprehensive description of all analyses undertaken or factors considered by BofA Merrill Lynch in connection with its opinion.
The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate
and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a
financial opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. BofA Merrill Lynch believes that its analyses
summarized above must be considered as a whole. BofA Merrill Lynch further believes that selecting portions of its analyses and
the factors considered or focusing on information presented in tabular format, without considering all analyses and factors or the
narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes underlying BofA Merrill
Lynch’s analyses and opinion. The fact that any specific analysis has been referred to in the summary above is not meant to indicate
that such analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis referred to in the summary.

In performing its analyses, BofA Merrill Lynch considered industry performance, general business and economic conditions and
other matters, many of which are beyond the control of the Company. The estimates of the future performance of the Company in or
underlying BofA Merrill Lynch’s analyses are not necessarily indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be
significantly more or less favorable than those estimates or those suggested by BofA Merrill Lynch’s analyses. These analyses were
prepared solely as part of BofA Merrill Lynch’s analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration
to be received in the merger by holders of shares of common stock, and were provided to the board in connection with the delivery
of BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which a company might
actually be sold or the prices at which any securities have traded or may trade at any time in the future. Accordingly, the estimates
used in, and the ranges of valuations resulting from, any particular analysis described above are inherently subject to substantial
uncertainty and should not be taken to be BofA Merrill Lynch’s view of the actual values of the Company.

The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger was determined through negotiations between the parties, rather than
by any financial advisor, and was approved by the board. The decision to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of the
board. As described above, BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion and analyses were only one of many factors considered by the board in its
evaluation of the proposed merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the board or management with respect
to the merger or the merger consideration.

The Company has agreed to pay BofA Merrill Lynch for its services in connection with the merger an aggregate fee currently
estimated to be approximately $6,000,000, $500,000 of which was payable upon delivery of its opinion and the remaining portion of
which is contingent upon consummation of the merger. The Company also has agreed to reimburse BofA Merrill Lynch for its
expenses incurred in connection with BofA Merrill Lynch’s engagement and to indemnify BofA Merrill Lynch, any controlling
person of BofA Merrill Lynch and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and affiliates against specified
liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates comprise a full service securities firm and commercial bank engaged in securities,
commodities and derivatives trading, foreign exchange and other brokerage activities, and principal investing as well as providing
investment, corporate and private banking, asset and investment management, financing and financial advisory services and other
commercial services and products to a wide range of companies, governments and individuals. In the ordinary course of their
businesses, BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates may invest on a principal basis or on behalf of customers or manage funds that
invest, make or hold long or short positions, finance positions or trade or otherwise effect transactions in equity, debt or other
securities or financial instruments (including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of (i) the Company and certain of its
affiliates and (ii) Parent and certain of its affiliates, including KKR and certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA
and certain of its affiliates.

BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide, investment
banking, commercial banking and other financial services to the Company and certain of its affiliates, and have received or in the
future may receive compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted or acting as administrative agent,
bookrunner, collateral agent and arranger for, and/or

46



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 54/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

as a lender under, certain term loans, letters of credit, credit and leasing facilities and other credit arrangements of the Company
and/or certain of its affiliates and (ii) having provided or providing certain treasury management products and services to the
Company and/or certain of its affiliates. From August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates derived
aggregate revenues from the Company and certain of its affiliates of approximately $5 million for investment and corporate banking
services.

In addition, BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide,
investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services to Parent and certain of its affiliates, including KKR and
certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and certain of its affiliates, and have received or in the future may receive
compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted or acting as financial advisor to KKR, certain of its
affiliates and portfolio companies, WBA and an affiliate thereof in connection with certain mergers and acquisitions and divestiture
transactions, (ii) having acted or acting as a bookrunning-manager, underwriter, stabilizing manager, global coordinator and/or
initial purchaser for various debt and equity offerings of KKR, certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA, (iii)
having acted or acting as a dealer for a commercial paper program of WBA and an affiliate thereof, (iv) having acted or acting as a
dealer manager for certain debt exchange and tender offers of an affiliate and portfolio company of KKR and an affiliate of WBA,
(v) having acted or acting as an administrative agent, bookrunner, collateral agent and/or arranger for, and/or as a lender under,
certain term loans, letters of credit, credit and leasing facilities and other credit arrangements of Parent and/or certain of its affiliates,
including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and/or certain of its affiliates (including acquisition
financing), (vi) having provided or providing certain commodity, derivatives, foreign exchange and other trading services to Parent
and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and/or certain of its
affiliates, (vii) having acted or acting as a corporate broker to an affiliate and portfolio company of KKR and an affiliate of WBA,
(viii) having provided or providing certain managed investments services and products to Parent and/or certain of its affiliates,
including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and/or certain of its affiliates and (ix) having
provided or providing certain treasury management products and services to Parent and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR
and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and/or certain of its affiliates. In addition, BofA Merrill Lynch
and/or certain of its affiliates have maintained, currently are maintaining, and in the future may maintain, significant commercial
(including vendor and/or customer) relationships with Parent and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its
affiliates and portfolio companies and WBA and/or certain of its affiliates. From August 1, 2015 through July 31, 2017, BofA
Merrill Lynch and its affiliates derived aggregate revenues from KKR and certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies of
approximately $74 million, and from WBA and certain of its affiliates of approximately $49 million, for investment and corporate
banking services.

Projected Financial Information

The Company does not as a matter of course make public projections as to future performance or earnings beyond the current fiscal
year and is especially wary of making projections for extended earnings periods due to, among other reasons, the unpredictability
and uncertainty of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, we provided UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch with certain non-
public financial forecasts prepared by PharMerica’s management at the request of the board, which UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch
relied on in performing their financial analyses summarized under “Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors.”

PharMerica initially prepared financial projections, which we refer to as the “2015 Projections,” for the fiscal years 2015, 2016,
2017, 2018 and 2019. In April 2016, the 2015 Projections were updated, which updated projections we refer to as the “April 2016
Projections,” to reflect PharMerica’s then-recent performance, changes made to PharMerica’s budget for fiscal year 2016 as part of
its monthly budgeting process and PharMerica management’s then-current expectations for fiscal year 2016. In September 2016, the
April 2016 Projections were updated, which updated projections we refer to as the “September 2016 Projections,” to add projections
for fiscal year 2020 and account for then-year-to-date performance and PharMerica management’s then-current expectations,
reflecting, among other items, changes in bed count and the timing of certain contracts. In April 2017, the September 2016
Projections were updated, which updated projections we refer to as the “April 2017 Projections,” to reflect the expected impact of
PharMerica’s acquisition of CareMed Specialty Pharmacy, to reflect the expected impact of the 21st Century Cures Act legislation,
to use actual results for fiscal year 2016 as the base for the five-year projections and to add projections for fiscal year 2021. In July
2017, the April 2017 Projections were updated, which updated projections we refer to as the “July 2017 Projections,” to reflect
actual results for the second quarter of fiscal year 2017.

47



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 55/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The 2015 Projections were provided to KKR, Strategic Buyer 1, Strategic Buyer 2, Financial Buyer 1, Financial Buyer 2, Financial
Buyer 3, Financial Buyer 4 and Financial Buyer 6. The April 2016 Projections were provided to KKR, WBA, Financial Buyer 1,
Financial Buyer 2, Financial Buyer 4 and Financial Buyer 6. The September 2016 Projections and the April 2017 Projections were
provided to KKR and WBA in the course of their due diligence. Each of the 2015 Projections, the April 2016 Projections, the
September 2016 Projections, the April 2017 Projections and the July 2017 Projections were provided to the board, UBS and BofA
Merrill Lynch, and the July 2017 Projections were approved by PharMerica for their use for purposes of their financial analyses
summarized under “Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors.” None of the 2015 Projections, the April 2016 Projections, the
September 2016 Projections or the April 2017 Projections were approved by PharMerica for use, or were used, for the purposes of
the financial analyses summarized under “Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors.”

We have included a summary of the 2015 Projections, the April 2016 Projections, the September 2016 Projections, the April 2017
Projections and the July 2017 Projections, which we refer to as the “Projections,” below to give stockholders access to certain
nonpublic information provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch for purposes of considering and evaluating the
Company’s strategic and financial alternatives, including the merger. The inclusion of the Projections should not be regarded as an
indication that Parent, Merger Sub or the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch, or any other recipient of this information considered,
or now considers, it to be an assurance of the achievement of future results.

The Projections and the underlying assumptions upon which the Projections were based are subjective in many respects. The
Projections reflect numerous estimates and assumptions with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, market
and financial conditions, changes to the business, financial condition or results of operations of the Company and other matters,
including those described under “Cautionary Statement Concerning Forward-Looking Statements,” many of which are difficult to
predict, subject to significant economic and competitive uncertainties, are beyond the Company’s control and may cause the
Projections or the underlying assumptions to be inaccurate. Since the Projections cover multiple years, such information by its
nature becomes less reliable with each successive year. The Projections do not take into account any circumstances or events
occurring after the date they were prepared. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Projections will be realized or that actual
results will not be significantly higher or lower than projected. The Projections were prepared for internal use and provided to our
board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch, and not with a view toward public disclosure or toward complying with GAAP, the published
guidelines of the SEC regarding projections or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants
for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. For example, certain metrics included in the Projections are
non-GAAP measures, and the Projections do not include footnote disclosures as may be required by GAAP. Neither the Company’s
independent auditors, nor any other independent accountants, have compiled, examined, or performed any procedures with respect
to the prospective financial information contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on
such information or its achievability, and assume no responsibility for, and disclaim any association with, the prospective financial
information.

Readers of this proxy statement are cautioned not to place undue reliance on the specific portions of the Projections below. No one
has made or makes any representation to any stockholder regarding the information included in the Projections.

For the foregoing reasons, as well as the basis and assumptions on which the Projections were compiled, the inclusion of specific
portions of the Projections in this proxy statement should not be regarded as an indication that such Projections will be an accurate
prediction of future events, and they should not be relied on as such. Except as required by applicable securities laws, the Company
does not intend to update, or otherwise revise the Projections or the specific portions presented to reflect circumstances existing
after the date when made or to reflect the occurrence of future events, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions are shown
to be in error.

48



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 56/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The following is a summary of the 2015 Projections that were provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch:
 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2015E 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E
 (dollars in millions)
Revenue $ 1,997.4 $ 2,234.9 $ 2,382.9 $ 2,562.3 $ 2,761.5 
Gross Profit(2) $ 714.3 $ 740.8 $ 764.0 $ 782.7 $ 801.8 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 131.8 $ 143.1 $ 149.0 $ 154.9 $ 160.9 

(1) Excludes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense, adjusted for stock based
compensation expense.

 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2015E 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E
 (dollars in millions)
Revenue $ 1,997.4 $ 2,285.4 $ 2,535.0 $ 2,818.5 $ 3,123.4 
Gross Profit(2) $ 714.3 $ 760.3 $ 822.4 $ 879.7 $ 936.7 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 131.8 $ 149.0 $ 166.4 $ 183.8 $ 201.5 

(1) Includes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense, adjusted for stock based
compensation expense.

The following is a summary of the April 2016 Projections that were provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch:
 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,188.5 $ 2,382.9 $ 2,562.3 $ 2,761.5 
Gross Profit(2) $ 747.9 $ 764.0 $ 782.7 $ 801.8 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 143.2 $ 149.0 $ 154.9 $ 160.9 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.60 $ 1.61 $ 1.66 $ 1.79 

(1) Excludes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense, adjusted for stock based
compensation expense.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share adjusted for non-recurring items and stock based compensation expense.

 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,237.7 $ 2,535.0 $ 2,818.5 $ 3,123.4 
Gross Profit(2) $ 767.3 $ 822.4 $ 879.7 $ 936.7 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 149.4 $ 166.4 $ 183.8 $ 201.5 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.54 $ 1.81 $ 1.99 $ 2.26 

(1) Includes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense, adjusted for stock based
compensation expense.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share adjusted for non-recurring items and stock based compensation expense.

49



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 57/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The following is a summary of the September 2016 Projections that were provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch:
 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,104.1 $ 2,356.5 $ 2,574.2 $ 2,807.8 $ 3,052.2 
Gross Profit(2) $ 736.5 $ 781.8 $ 803.5 $ 825.2 $ 848.1 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 132.0 $ 149.0 $ 156.3 $ 164.8 $ 175.0 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.98 $ 2.26 $ 2.33 $ 2.47 $ 2.63 

(1) Excludes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share adjusted for amortization and non-recurring items.

 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2016E 2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,104.1 $ 2,406.2 $ 2,725.4 $ 3,062.9 $ 3,413.4 
Gross Profit(2) $ 736.5 $ 801.3 $ 862.1 $ 923.1 $ 985.0 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 132.0 $ 155.9 $ 177.4 $ 201.3 $ 227.3 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.98 $ 2.35 $ 2.70 $ 3.12 $ 3.58 

(1) Includes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA is defined as earnings before income, taxes, depreciation and amortization, and non-recurring expense.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share adjusted for amortization and non-recurring items.

The following is a summary of the April 2017 Projections that were provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch:
 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2017B 2018E 2019E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,439.2 $ 2,703.1 $ 2,982.9 
Gross Profit(2) $ 769.0 $ 809.9 $ 840.6 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 142.0 $ 158.8 $ 171.7 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.95 $ 2.19 $ 2.40 

(1) Excludes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

(3) Adjusted EBITDA does not include non-recurring items of approximately $20 million in fiscal year 2017E and approximately $6 million per year from fiscal
years 2018E through 2019E.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share is defined as net income excluding the impact of intangible amortization and non-recurring expense divided by estimated fully
diluted shares.

The following is a summary of the July 2017 Projections that were provided to the board, UBS and BofA Merrill Lynch in
connection with their respective consideration of the merger and for use for the purposes of the financial analyses summarized under
“Opinions of the Company’s Financial Advisors”:
 Fiscal Year End(1)

 2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E 2021E
 (dollars in millions, except for Adjusted Earnings Per Share)
Revenue $ 2,439.2 $ 2,703.1 $ 2,982.9 $ 3,265.8 $ 3,596.0 
Gross Profit(2) $ 769.0 $ 809.9 $ 840.7 $ 872.5 $ 905.1 
Adjusted EBITDA(3) $ 142.0 $ 158.8 $ 171.8 $ 182.5 $ 193.6 
Adjusted Earnings Per Share(4) $ 1.95 $ 2.19 $ 2.40 $ 2.58 $ 2.80 

(1) Excludes future acquisitions.

(2) Gross Profit represents revenue less cost of drugs.

50



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 58/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(3) Adjusted EBITDA does not include non-recurring items of approximately $20 million in fiscal year 2017E and approximately $6 million per year from fiscal
years 2018E through 2021E.

(4) Adjusted Earnings Per Share is defined as net income excluding the impact of intangible amortization and non-recurring expense divided by estimated fully
diluted shares.

Financing

The Company and Parent anticipate the total amount of funds required to complete the merger and the related transactions and pay
related fees and expenses will be funded through a combination of the following:

• equity financing of $450 million, including (i) $315 million to be provided by KKR Americas XII, or any of its affiliates
to which KKR Americas XII assigns all or a portion of its commitment, and (ii) $135 million to be provided by WBA, or
any of its affiliates to which WBA assigns all or a portion of its commitment; and

• borrowings under a $1,100 million senior secured credit facility, comprised of a $815 million first lien term loan facility, a
$100 million senior secured revolving credit facility (which revolving credit facility is not intended to provide funding for
the merger, provided, that $20 million of the revolving credit facility is available to fund transaction expenses related to
the merger) and a $185 million senior secured second lien term loan facility.

The consummation of the merger is not subject to any financing-related condition (although the funding of the debt financing is
subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in the debt commitment letter under which the debt financing will be provided).

Equity Financing

Parent has received equity commitment letters dated August 1, 2017 (the “equity commitment letters”) from each of KKR Americas
XII and WBA pursuant to which they have committed, subject to the conditions set forth in the equity commitment letters, to
provide Parent with equity financing in the aggregate of $450 million.

Funding of the equity financing is subject to the conditions provided in the equity commitment letters, which include:

• the satisfaction or waiver by Parent and Merger Sub of the conditions precedent to the obligation of Parent and Merger
Sub to complete the merger as set forth in the merger agreement (other than those conditions that by their nature cannot be
satisfied until the closing);

• the substantially concurrent funding of the debt financing (or alternate financing);

• the substantially concurrent funding of (i) in the case of WBA, KKR Americas XII’s portion of the equity commitment
and (ii) in the case of KKR Americas XII, WBA’s portion of the equity commitment; and

• the substantially concurrent consummation of the merger.

The obligations of KKR Americas XII and WBA to fund the equity financing will terminate automatically and immediately upon
the earliest to occur of:

• the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms;

• the closing of the merger; and

• commencement by the Company or any of its affiliates of a lawsuit or other proceeding asserting any claim (whether in
tort, contract or otherwise) under or in respect of either of the equity commitment letters, the merger agreement, the
antitrust support side letter, either of the limited guarantees or the transactions contemplated thereby (including in respect
of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection therewith) against any person, with customary
exceptions set forth in the equity commitment letters, including, among others, an exception for any lawsuit or other
proceeding by the Company against Parent or Merger Sub in accordance with the Company’s rights under and subject to
the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and any lawsuit or other proceeding prior to the termination of the
merger agreement to specifically enforce the obligation to fund the equity commitments in accordance with the terms of
the equity commitment letters.

51



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 59/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Company is an express third-party beneficiary of the rights granted to Parent under the equity commitment letters only for the
purpose of seeking specific performance of Parent’s right to cause the equity commitments to be funded thereunder (solely to the
extent that Parent can enforce the equity commitment pursuant to the terms thereof) and for no other purpose (including, without
limitation, any claim for monetary damages thereunder).

Debt Financing

Parent has entered into an amended and restated debt commitment letter, dated as of August 4, 2017, which we refer to as the debt
commitment letter, with Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Wells Fargo Bank, National Association,
Wells Fargo Securities, LLC, Jefferies Finance LLC, KKR Capital Markets LLC and KKR Corporate Lending LLC, which we refer
to collectively as the lenders. Pursuant to the debt commitment letter, the lenders have committed to provide an aggregate of $1,100
million in debt financing to Parent consisting of: (i) a senior secured first lien term loan facility in an aggregate principal amount of
$815 million; (ii) a senior secured revolving credit facility with a maximum availability of $100 million in the aggregate; and (iii) a
senior secured second lien term loan facility in the aggregate amount of up to $185 million. We refer to the senior secured first lien
term loan facility, the senior secured revolving credit facility and the senior secured second lien term loan facility, collectively, as
the debt facilities.

The commitments under the debt commitment letter are made to Merger Sub or another wholly owned affiliate which is assigned
such commitments pursuant to the terms of such debt commitment letter. Upon consummation of the merger, the surviving
corporation will assume all of Merger Sub’s obligations under the debt facilities.

The commitment of the lenders under the debt commitment letter expires upon the earliest to occur of (i) prior to the consummation
of the merger, the termination of the merger agreement by Parent or with Parent’s written consent or otherwise in accordance with
its terms, (ii) the consummation of the merger without the funding of the debt facilities and (iii) the date that is five business days
after the end date. The documentation governing the debt financing has not been finalized and, accordingly, the actual terms of the
debt financing may differ from those described in this document. Parent has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain the debt
financing on the terms and conditions described in the debt commitment letter. If any portion of the debt financing becomes
unavailable in the manner contemplated in the debt commitment letter, the merger agreement requires Parent to use its reasonable
best efforts to arrange as promptly as practicable alternative debt financing on terms and conditions not less favorable to Parent,
PharMerica and Merger Sub than those contained in the debt commitment letter and in an amount, combined with the aggregate
amount of equity financing contemplated by the merger agreement and other funds available to Parent at the closing of the merger,
sufficient to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

The availability of the debt facilities is subject, among other things, to:

• Consummation of the merger in all material respects in accordance with the terms of the merger agreement prior to or
substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the debt facilities (without giving effect to any modifications,
amendments or express waivers or consents to the merger agreement that are materially adverse to the lenders under the
debt financing without the consent of the majority lead arrangers of the financing, which shall include Goldman Sachs
Bank USA (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed));

• Except as set forth in a schedule to the merger agreement, since December 31, 2016, that there has not been any event,
occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts that has had or would reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company material adverse effect;

• Redemption, refinancing or repayment of certain existing indebtedness of PharMerica and its subsidiaries, including
repayment of all amounts outstanding (other than contingent obligations) under, and termination of all commitments and
release of all liens in respect of, PharMerica’s existing credit facility, dated September 17, 2014, by and among
PharMerica, certain of its subsidiaries, the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Bank of America, N.A., as
administrative agent;

• Payment of fees and expenses to the lenders and the lead arrangers;

• Delivery of certain financial statements relating to PharMerica and its subsidiaries;

• Delivery of certain pro forma financial statements of PharMerica;

52



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 60/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• Delivery of all “know your customer” and anti-money laundering documentation and other information reasonably
requested by the lenders’ agent or the joint lead arrangers regarding PharMerica, certain of its subsidiaries and Parent;

• The joint lead arrangers shall have been afforded a marketing period (as more fully described in the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Marketing Period”) following receipt of the financial statements and pro forma financial statements
of PharMerica;

• Subject in each case to funding provisions of the debt commitment letter, execution of the intercreditor agreement and
guarantees substantially simultaneously with the initial funding of the debt facilities and the delivery of all documents and
instruments required to create or perfect the senior secured administrative agents’ security interests in certain limited
collateral;

• Subject in each case to certain provisions of the debt commitment letter, execution of facilities documentation and delivery
of certain customary closing documents (including, among others, a solvency certificate and customary legal opinions);

• The accuracy of certain limited representations and warranties; and

• Consummation of the equity financing contemplated by the equity commitment letters shall have been made, or
substantially concurrently with the initial funding of the debt facilities shall be made, in at least an amount equal to 30% of
the sum of (i) the aggregate gross proceeds of the debt facilities borrowed on the closing date (excluding gross proceeds
from revolving loans to fund working capital needs on the closing date and certain original issue discount and/or upfront
fees) plus (ii) the equity capitalization of Parent and its subsidiaries on the closing date after giving effect to the merger.

As of the date hereof, no alternative financing arrangements or alternative financing plans have been made in the event that the debt
financing described herein is not available. Although the debt financing described above is not subject to a due diligence or “market
out,” such financing may not be considered assured.

Limited Guarantees

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the limited guarantees, KKR Americas XII and WBA have guaranteed the payment
obligations of Parent with respect to the following (the “guaranteed obligations”):

• Parent’s obligation under the merger agreement to pay the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee, as applicable, if the merger agreement is terminated by the Company under specified circumstances (see
the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees—Parent Termination Fee and Parent Regulatory
Termination Fee” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement);

• other than in a circumstance in which the Company is permitted to terminate the merger agreement and receive the Parent
termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee, as applicable, any money damages in an amount,
individually or in the aggregate, of no more than the amount of the Parent termination fee, that may be owed by Parent
and/or Merger Sub to the Company as a result of a Willful Breach of the merger agreement by Parent and/or Merger Sub
in accordance with (and subject to the limitations in) the merger agreement; and

• following termination of the merger agreement, Parent’s reimbursement and indemnification obligations under the merger
agreement relating to financing cooperation.

KKR Americas XII’s and WBA’s obligations under the limited guarantees are subject to an aggregate cap equal to the sum of (i)(A)
$56.6 million, if the Parent termination fee (but not the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee) is due under the merger agreement,
or (B) $113.3 million, if the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee is due under the merger agreement, plus (ii) any interest
expense in the event Parent fails to timely pay the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee when due,
plus (iii) Parent’s reimbursement and indemnification obligations under the merger agreement relating to financing cooperation.

The obligations of each of KKR Americas XII and WBA under their respective limited guarantees are limited to such party’s
percentage (as set forth for each guarantor in the applicable limited guarantee) of the guaranteed obligations.

The limited guarantees will terminate, subject to certain exceptions, upon the earliest to occur of:

• the closing of the merger;

53



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 61/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• the termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms by mutual consent of the parties or under
circumstances in which (A) Parent is not obligated to pay the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee, (B) other than in a circumstance in which the Company is permitted to terminate the merger agreement
and receive the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee, the Company is not entitled, under
the merger agreement, to money damages from Parent or Merger Sub as a result of Willful Breach by Parent and/or
Merger Sub and (C) Parent is not obligated to make payments to the Company in respect of Parent’s reimbursement and
indemnification obligations under the merger agreement relating to financing cooperation;

• the receipt by the Company of the payment of the guaranteed obligations; and

• the date that is 180 calendar days after the date of any termination of the merger agreement in accordance with its terms
under circumstances in which (A) Parent is obligated to pay the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee, (B) other than in a circumstance in which the Company is permitted to terminate the merger agreement
and receive the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee, the Company is entitled, under the
merger agreement, to money damages from Parent or Merger Sub as a result of Willful Breach by Parent and/or Merger
Sub or (C) Parent is obligated to make payments to the Company in respect of Parent’s reimbursement and
indemnification obligations under the merger agreement relating to financing cooperation, if, by the date that is 180
calendar days after the date of any such termination of the merger agreement, the Company has not commenced a suit,
action or other proceeding against Parent alleging that payment of any amounts described in clauses (A), (B) or (C) above
are due and owing, or against the applicable guarantor that guaranteed obligations are due and owing from such guarantor
pursuant to the applicable limited guarantee.

Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the board that you vote to approve the merger proposal, you should be aware that aside from
their interests as stockholders of the Company, the Company’s directors and executive officers may have interests in the merger that
are different from, or in addition to, those of other stockholders of the Company generally. Members of the board were aware of and
considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement and the transaction, and in
unanimously recommending to the stockholders of the Company that the merger agreement be adopted. See the section entitled
“The Merger (Proposal 1) — Background of the Merger” beginning on page 23 of this proxy statement and the section entitled “The
Merger (Proposal 1) — Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 31 of this proxy statement. The Company’s stockholders should
take these interests into account in deciding whether to vote “FOR” the merger proposal. These interests are described in more
detail below, and certain of them are quantified in the narrative and the table below.

Treatment of Company Equity Awards

Under the merger agreement, equity-based awards held by the Company’s directors and executive officers as of the effective time of
the merger will be treated at the effective time of the merger as follows:

Company Stock Options. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and any holder, each option to purchase shares of common
stock granted under any employee or director plan (the “Company Plan”) outstanding immediately prior to the effective time,
whether vested or unvested, will become fully vested and exercisable as of immediately prior to the effective time and will be
cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the
excess, if any, of the merger consideration over the applicable per share exercise price of such option multiplied by (ii) the number
of shares of common stock subject to such option.

Company RSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and any holder, each restricted stock unit which has not vested
or will not vest as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time, be cancelled and in substitution thereof, such holder will
be eligible to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the merger consideration
multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock subject to such unvested company stock unit (the “RSU Payment”). The
RSU Payment will initially be unvested and will vest, subject to continued employment or service, based on the same vesting
schedule applicable to such cancelled restricted stock unit, subject to any applicable vesting upon a termination

54



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 62/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of the holder’s employment under the applicable Company Plan and award agreement that relates to the original restricted stock
unit. Restricted stock units held by certain employees may become vested in connection with the merger and, in some cases, upon a
qualifying termination of employment, pursuant to applicable award agreements or employment agreements or other contractual
arrangements with the Company. The agreements with the named executive officers are described under the section entitled
“Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger – Change in Control and Severance Arrangements”
beginning on page 55 of this proxy statement.

Company PSU Awards. Except as otherwise agreed between Parent and the holder thereof, each performance stock unit which has
not vested or will not vest as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time, be cancelled and in substitution thereof, such
holder will be eligible to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the merger
consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of common stock subject to such unvested performance stock unit, calculated
assuming target performance levels (the “PSU Payment”). The PSU Payment will initially be unvested and will vest, subject to
continued employment or service, on the last day of the performance period applicable to such cancelled performance stock unit,
subject to any applicable vesting upon a termination of the holder’s employment under the applicable Company Plan and award
agreement that relates to the original performance stock unit. Performance stock units held by certain employees may become
vested in connection with the merger and, in some cases, upon a qualifying termination of employment, pursuant to applicable
award agreements or employment agreements or other contractual arrangements with the Company. The agreements with the named
executive officers are described under the section entitled “Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger – Change in Control and Severance Arrangements” beginning on page 55 of this proxy statement.

Quantification of Payments. For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of the Company’s named executive
officers on settlement of their unvested equity-based awards, see “Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s
Named Executive Officers” below. We estimate that the aggregate amount that would be payable to the Company’s six non-
employee directors for their unvested equity-based awards if the transaction were completed on December 15, 2017 is $4,262,807.

Change in Control and Severance Arrangements

Each of the Company’s current executive officers, with the exception of Berard Tomassetti, is party to a letter agreement or
employment agreement that provides for enhanced severance benefits in the event of a qualifying termination of employment in
connection with the occurrence of a change in control. Under their agreements, the merger would constitute a change in control.

In the event of Mr. Tomassetti’s termination of employment in connection with a change in control, his awards will be eligible for
accelerated vesting and settlement in accordance with the terms of any applicable award agreements and equity incentive plans. Mr.
Tomassetti is also party to an Agreement to Protect Company Assets under which Mr. Tomassetti has agreed to certain
confidentiality, non-competition and non-solicitation provisions. This agreement provides for a severance payment upon his
termination of employment by the Company without “cause”.

Agreement with Berard Tomassetti.

Under his Agreement to Protect Company Assets (“Protection Agreement”), Mr. Tomassetti is entitled to 52 weeks of Mr.
Tomassetti’s then current base salary upon the termination of his employment by the Company without “cause”, with no special
change in control provisions, and payment of awards in accordance with the terms of any applicable award agreements and equity
incentive plans. The Protection Agreement defines “cause” as follows: (i) any act of personal dishonesty by Mr. Tomassetti; (ii) a
violation by Mr. Tomassetti of his contractual or other legal obligations to the Company; (iii) a violation of Company policy; (iv)
conviction of a felony; (v) failure to obey or carry out reasonable directives from a Company supervisor or manager which are
consistent with Company policy and the terms and conditions of Mr. Tomassetti’s employment; or (vi) any act by Mr. Tomassetti
that in the Company’s judgment causes potential liability, damage or other harm to the Company.

Letter Agreement with Gregory Weishar.

Under his letter agreement (“Letter Agreement”), subject to the satisfaction of a mutual release requirement, Mr. Weishar is entitled
to the following payments upon a qualifying termination of his employment, either by the Company without “cause” or due to Mr.
Weishar’s resignation with “good reason” in the following instances,

55



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 63/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i) after the Company has entered into a definitive agreement that would result in a change in control and such change in control
occurs within six months after termination; (ii) at the request of a third party who has taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a
change in control and such change in control occurs within six months after termination of employment; or (iii) within 24 months
following a change in control:

• Severance.

• In the event a change in control has occurred within 12 months prior to the termination date, a lump-sum cash
payment equal to three times the sum of his then annual base salary and annual target bonus for the calendar year in
which his termination occurs;

• In the event a change in control has not occurred within 12 months prior to the termination date, an amount equal to
two times the sum of his then annual base salary and target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs,
payable in equal monthly installments over the 24-month period following the termination date; or

• If a change in control occurs after the termination date, the total amount of any unpaid installments shall be paid as a
lump-sum cash payment on the date of the change in control. Additionally, if a change in control occurs after the
termination date and either the Company gives written notice to Mr. Weishar of his termination after the Company
has entered into a definitive agreement for one or more transactions that would result in a change in control, or the
change in control occurs within six months after the termination date and Mr. Weishar’s termination occurred at the
request of a third party who had taken steps reasonably calculated to effect a change in control, the Company will pay
Mr. Weishar an additional lump-sum cash payment on the date of the change in control equal to the sum of his annual
base salary as of the termination date and annual target bonus for the calendar year in which the termination date
occurs.

• Prorated Bonus.

• Subject to the satisfaction of a mutual release requirement and payable on the date annual bonuses for the year of
termination are payable to other senior executives, the lesser of his annual target bonus (125% of his base salary) or
his maximum award earned under the Compensation Committee resolutions that establish the negative discretion
approach under the Company’s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan (based on actual performance during the entire year
and without regard to discretionary adjustments), prorated through the date of termination.

• Enhanced Equity Award Treatment. In addition to the foregoing cash payments, with respect to compensatory restricted
stock awards and performance-based equity awards received on or after January 1, 2014, such awards shall be treated as
follows:

• Each such compensatory restricted stock award shall continue to vest in accordance with its original vesting
schedule; and

• Each such performance-based equity award shall vest as of the end of the applicable performance period (in full and
without pro-ration) to the extent applicable performance goals are achieved.

• Other termination benefits.

• Coverage for a period of up to 24 months (ceasing earlier if Mr. Weishar becomes eligible for similar benefits from a
new employer) under the Company’s welfare benefit plans at Mr. Weishar’s expense, in the form of monthly
payments equal to the after-tax cost of such coverage.

• “Cause” and “Good Reason”. Mr. Weishar’s Letter Agreement defines “cause” and “good reason” as follows:

• “Cause” is defined as Mr. Weishar’s conviction of, or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony; his commission
of intentional acts of gross misconduct (including, without limitation, theft, fraud, embezzlement or dishonesty) that
significantly impair the business of the Company or cause significant damage to its property, reputation or business;
his willful refusal to perform, or willful failure to use good faith efforts to perform, material duties that remain
uncured for 14 days following written request from the Board for cure; his willful and material breach of any material
provision of the Company’s code of ethics, or of any other material policy governing the conduct

56



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 64/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of its employees generally, that remains uncured for 14 days following written request from the Board for cure; or his
willful and material breach of the employment agreement that remains uncured for 14 days following written request
from the Board for cure.

• “Good Reason” is defined as (i) any material diminution in Mr. Weishar’s authorities, titles or offices, or the
assignment to him of duties that materially impair his ability to perform the duties normally assigned to the chief
executive officer of a Company of the size and nature of the Company (other than a failure to be re-elected to the
Board following nomination for election); (ii) any change in the reporting structure such that he reports to someone
other than the Board; (iii) any relocation of the Company’s principal office, or of his principal place of employment
to a location more than 50 miles from the existing principal office or principal place of employment; (iv) any material
breach by the Company, or any of its affiliates, of any material obligation to Mr. Weishar under his employment
agreement; or (v) any failure of the Company to obtain the assumption in writing of its obligations to perform the
employment agreement by any successor to all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Company within
15 days after any merger, consolidation, sale or similar transaction; in each case that either has not been consented to
by Mr. Weishar or is not fully cured within 30 days after written notice to the Company requesting cure.

Employment Agreements with Robert Dries, Suresh Vishnubhatla, Thomas Caneris and Robert McKay

The employment agreements with each of Messrs. Dries, Vishnubhatla, Caneris and McKay (each an “Executive Employment
Agreement” and collectively, the “Executive Employment Agreements”) provide for the following payments upon a qualifying
termination of employment within one year following a change in control, either by the Company without “cause” or due to his
resignation with “good reason”:

• Severance.

• Continued payment for 18 months (and, in the case of Messrs. Dries and. Vishnubhatla, 12 months) of the executive
officer’s then current base salary; and

• A bonus equal to the average of the annual bonuses earned by the executive officer over the three years prior to the
date of termination (or, if less than three years, the average bonus earned during such shorter period).

• Prorated Bonus.

• A bonus determined using the executive officer’s bonus for the calendar year of termination at 100% target level,
prorated through the date of termination and payable on the date such bonus would have otherwise been paid.

• Enhanced Equity Award Treatment.

• Each restricted stock unit, performance stock unit or other equity award (other than those held by Mr. McKay) shall
become vested to the extent provided for under the terms governing such equity incentive award; and

• Mr. McKay’s Executive Employment Agreement provides for the immediate vesting of any outstanding options,
restricted stock and any other equity incentive awards upon the occurrence of a change in control of the Company.

• Other termination benefits. In addition to the foregoing cash payments:

• For the 18-month period following the date of termination (or the 12-month period, in the case of Messrs. Dries and
Vishnubhatla), each Executive Employment Agreement provides for a waiver of the applicable premium otherwise
payable for COBRA continuation coverage for the executive officer, his spouse and eligible dependents, for health,
prescription, dental and vision benefits, or an after-tax basis equal to the COBRA premium to the extent COBRA
continuation coverage eligibility expires before the end of such coverage continuation period, provided that the
coverage and payments cease if the executive officer becomes eligible to participate in the group health plan of any
other employer or becomes eligible for Medicare benefits; and

57



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 65/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• Executive-level outplacement assistance under any outplacement assistance program of the Company then in effect.

• “Cause” and “Good Reason”. The Executive Employment Agreements define “cause” and “good reason” as follows:

• “Cause” is generally defined in each of the Executive Employment Agreements as the executive officer’s (i)
continued failure to substantially perform his duties over a period of not less than 30 days after a demand for
substantial performance is delivered by our Board or Chief Executive Officer, (ii) willful misconduct materially and
demonstrably injurious to the Company, (iii) commission of or indictment for a misdemeanor which, as determined in
good faith by our Board, constitutes a crime of moral turpitude and gives rise to material harm to the Company, (iv)
commission of or indictment for a felony, or (v) material breach of his obligations under the Executive Employment
Agreement.

• “Good Reason” is generally defined in each of the Executive Employment Agreements as (i) any reduction in the
executive officer’s base salary, incentive bonus opportunity or long-term incentive opportunity, other than reductions
applicable to all members of senior management or (ii) material failure by the Company to comply with certain
provisions of the employment agreement relating to the executive officer’s position and duties and compensation,
other than an isolated, insubstantial or inadvertent failure that is not taken in bad faith and is cured by the Company
within 30 days of receipt of written notice thereof from the executive officer. The definition of “Good Reason” in the
respective Executive Employment Agreements of Mr. McKay, Mr. Dries and Mr. Vishnubhatla also includes the
relocation of him to a facility or a location more than fifty (50) miles from his then current location. In general, the
Company will have 20 days to cure any conduct that gives rise to Good Reason.

Section 4999 Excise Tax

Certain of our executive officers may be subject to the “golden parachute” excise tax under Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue
Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”).

The Letter Agreement with Mr. Weishar provides for a “cutback,” such that, the amount of payments and benefits that Mr. Weishar
otherwise would receive in connection with the merger would be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid imposition of the “golden
parachute” excise tax.

Under his Executive Employment Agreement, Mr. Caneris is also entitled to (a) a “gross up” or reimbursement for the amount of
any “golden parachute” excise tax imposed on Mr. Caneris as a result of payments and benefits received in connection with the
merger (including, for example, the termination-related payments and benefits described above), if such payments and benefits
exceed the applicable golden parachute threshold by 10% or more, or (b) a “cutback”. such that the amount of the payments and
benefits that Mr. Caneris otherwise would receive in connection with the merger would be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid
imposition of the “golden parachute” excise tax, if such taxes do not exceed the threshold by 10% or more.

The Executive Employment Agreement with Mr. McKay provides for a “cutback” such that, the amount of the payments and
benefits that Mr. McKay otherwise would receive in connection with the merger would be reduced to the extent necessary to avoid
imposition of the “golden parachute” excise tax.

For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to each of the Company’s named
executive officers, see “—Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers” below.

Potential Post Closing Arrangements with the Company

Prior to and since the announcement of the merger, KKR and WBA have had discussions with certain executive officers of the
Company regarding potential post-closing employment and retention arrangements, and may enter into definitive agreements with
them regarding their employment and related compensation and benefits following the closing of the merger. No such agreements
have been entered into as of the date of this proxy statement, and there can be no assurances that the terms of any such agreements
will be agreed with any of these executives in the future.

58



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 66/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Indemnification and Insurance

The Company is party to indemnification agreements with each of its directors and executive officers that require the Company,
among other things, to indemnify the directors and executive officers against certain liabilities that may arise by reason of their
status or service as directors or officers. In addition, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the Company’s directors and
executive officers will be entitled to certain ongoing indemnification from the surviving corporation, as well as coverage under
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. Such indemnification and insurance coverage is further described in the section
entitled “The Merger Agreement (Proposal 1)—Indemnification and Insurance” beginning on page 76 of this proxy statement.

Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers

The table below sets forth the amount of payments and benefits that each of the Company’s named executive officers would receive
in connection with the transaction, assuming that the transaction were consummated and each such executive officer experienced a
qualifying termination on December 15, 2017.

Golden Parachute Compensation

Name Cash ($) Equity ($)(4)
Perquisites/

Benefits ($)(5) Total ($)
Gregory S. Weishar  7,646,228(2)  7,254,829  43,651  14,944,708 
David Froesel(1)  —  1,700,946  —  1,700,946 
Robert E. Dries  986,849(3)  1,651,222  20,000  2,658,071 
Suresh Vishnubhatla  976,361(3)  2,071,583  28,274  3,076,218 
Robert A. McKay  884,472(3)  1,122,099  38,111  2,044,682 
Thomas A. Caneris  986,150(3)  1,464,791  39,584  2,490,525 
Berard E. Tomassetti  376,911(3)  442,183  14,760  833,854 

(1) Mr. Froesel resigned as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer effective as of September 30, 2016. In connection with his
retirement, Mr. Froesel’s Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with the Company dated May 30, 2014 terminated effective September 30, 2016 and
Mr. Froesel is not entitled to any payments of cash, perquisites or benefits in connection with the change in control. Following his retirement, Mr. Froesel’s
outstanding restricted stock and performance-based equity awards continued to vest in accordance with the applicable existing vesting and performance
schedules as if his employment continued through each vesting date.

(2) The cash payments payable to Mr. Weishar consist of: (i) a lump-sum severance payment equal to three times the sum of his then annual base salary and annual
target bonus for the calendar year in which termination occurs, which Mr. Weishar would be entitled to receive on a “double trigger” basis on termination of
employment by the Company without “cause” or by Mr. Weishar for “good reason” in the event a change in control has occurred within 12 months prior to the
termination date; and (ii) a lump-sum payment in an amount equal to the lesser of his annual target bonus (125% of his base salary) or his maximum award
earned under the Compensation Committee resolutions that establish the negative discretion approach under the Company’s 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan
(based on actual performance during the entire year and without regard to discretionary adjustments), prorated through the date of termination, payable to Mr.
Weishar on a “double trigger” basis. The cash payments are subject to the satisfaction of a mutual release requirement.

(3) The cash payments under the Executive Employment Agreements consist of: (i) a continued payment for 18 months of then current base salary (or 12 months
in the case of Messrs. Dries and Mr. Vishnubhatla); (ii) a lump-sum payment of a bonus equal to the average of the annual bonuses earned by the named
executive officer over the three complete years prior to the date of termination (or, if less than three years, the average bonus earned during such shorter
period); and (iii) an annual bonus calculated at 100% of target, prorated through the date of termination. All cash payments are payable on a “double trigger”
basis and are subject to the executive’s execution of a mutual release agreement.
The cash payment to Mr. Tomassetti consists of a continued payment for 12 months of Mr. Tomassetti’s then current base salary upon the termination of his
employment by the Company without “cause”.

Name
Severance Payment

(“Double-Trigger”) ($)
Prorated Bonus

(“Double Trigger”) ($)
Gregory S. Weishar  6,495,998  1,150,230 
David Froesel  —  — 
Robert E. Dries  700,000  286,849 
Suresh Vishnubhatla  666,564  309,797 
Robert A. McKay  685,606  198,866 
Thomas A. Caneris  753,178  232,972 
Berard E. Tomassetti  255,000  121,911 

(4) As described above, each restricted stock unit held by the Company’s named executive officers that has not vested as of or prior to the effective time will, at
the effective time, be cancelled and each holder will be eligible to receive a substitute cash payment that will initially be unvested and will vest, subject to
continued employment or service, based on the same vesting schedule applicable to such cancelled restricted stock unit, subject to any applicable vesting upon
a termination of the holder’s employment under the applicable Company Plan and award agreement that relates to the original restricted stock unit.
Each performance stock unit held by the Company’s named executive officers that has not vested as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time,
be cancelled and each holder will be eligible to receive a substitute cash payment that will initially be

59



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 67/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

unvested and will vest, subject to continued employment or service, on the last day of the performance period applicable to such cancelled performance stock
unit, subject to any applicable vesting upon a termination of the holder’s employment under the applicable Company Plan and award agreement that relates to
the original performance stock unit.
The restricted stock units held by the Company’s non-employee directors that have not vested as of or prior to the effective time will, at the effective time,
fully vest on the closing of a change in control on a “single trigger” basis.

Name
Restricted Stock

Units ($)
Performance Stock

Units ($)
Gregory S. Weishar  2,969,090  4,285,739 
David Froesel  588,481  1,112,465 
Robert E. Dries  825,611  825,611 
Suresh Vishnubhatla  850,161  1,221,422 
Robert A. McKay  457,217  664,882 
Thomas A. Caneris  596,856  867,935 
Berard E. Tomassetti  181,682  260,501 

(5) The amounts above include (a) the estimated value of welfare benefit COBRA premiums for each named executive officer and his eligible dependents for 24
months in the case of Mr. Weishar, 12 months in the case of Messrs. Dries and Vishnubhatla and 18 months in the case of Messrs. Caneris and McKay; and (b)
the estimated value of outplacement services in the case of Messrs. Vishnubhatla, Caneris and McKay. All such benefits are “double-trigger.”

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The following are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders (as defined below) of common
stock. This discussion applies only to U.S. holders that hold common stock as capital assets within the meaning of Section 1221 of
the Code. This discussion does not address the consequences of the merger to holders who receive cash pursuant to the exercise of
appraisal rights. This discussion does not describe all of the tax consequences that may be relevant to a holder in light of the
holder’s particular circumstances or to holders subject to special rules, such as:

• dealers or traders subject to a mark-to-market method of tax accounting with respect to common stock;

• persons holding common stock as part of a straddle, hedging transaction, conversion transaction, integrated transaction or
constructive sale transaction;

• persons whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar;

• partnerships or other entities classified as partnerships for U.S. federal income tax purposes;

• persons who acquired common stock through the exercise of employee stock options or otherwise as compensation;

• certain financial institutions;

• regulated investment companies;

• real estate investment trusts;

• tax-exempt entities, including an “individual retirement account” or “Roth IRA”; or

• persons subject to the United States alternative minimum tax.

If an entity that is classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds common stock, the U.S. federal income tax
treatment of a partner will generally depend on the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding
common stock and partners in such partnerships should consult their tax advisers as to the particular U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger to them.

This discussion is based on the Code, administrative pronouncements, judicial decisions and final and temporary Treasury
regulations, all as of the date hereof, any of which is subject to change, possibly with retroactive effect. Tax considerations under
state, local and foreign laws are not addressed.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of common stock that is:

• a citizen or individual resident of the United States;

• a corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or organized in or
under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

60



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 68/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• a trust if (1) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the trust’s administration, and one
or more U.S. persons are authorized to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (2) such trust has a valid election in
effect under applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person; or

• an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source.

The exchange of common stock for cash in the merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general,
a U.S. holder whose shares of common stock are converted into the right to receive cash in the merger will recognize capital gain or
loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received with
respect to such shares of common stock and the U.S. holder’s tax basis in such shares of common stock. Gain or loss will be
determined separately for each block of shares of common stock (i.e., shares of common stock acquired at the same cost in a single
transaction). Such gain or loss generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss if the holder’s holding period in the shares
of common stock exceeds one year at the time of the completion of the merger. Long-term capital gains of non-corporate U.S.
holders generally are subject to U.S. federal income tax at preferential rates. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to
limitations. Capital gains recognized by individuals, trusts and estates also may be subject to a 3.8% federal Medicare contribution
tax.

Payments made in exchange for shares of common stock generally will be subject to information reporting unless the holder is an
“exempt recipient” and may also be subject to backup withholding currently at a rate of 28%. To avoid backup withholding, U.S.
holders that do not otherwise establish an exemption should complete and return Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, certifying that
such U.S. holder is a U.S. person, the taxpayer identification number provided is correct and such U.S. holder is not subject to
backup withholding.

Amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules are not additional taxes and may be refunded or credited against a holder’s
U.S. federal income tax liability, provided the relevant information is timely furnished to the Internal Revenue Service.

You are urged to consult your tax adviser with respect to the application of U.S. federal income tax laws to your particular
circumstances as well as any tax consequences arising under the U.S. federal estate or gift tax rules, or under any state, local or
foreign tax laws.

Regulatory Approvals

Antitrust Approval in the U.S.

Under the HSR Act and related rules, certain transactions, including the merger, may not be completed until notifications have been
given and information furnished to the Antitrust Division and the FTC and all statutory waiting period requirements have been
satisfied. On August 15, 2017, both the Company and Parent filed their respective Notification and Report Forms with the Antitrust
Division and the FTC. Early termination of the HSR waiting period was received on August 25, 2017.

At any time before or after the effective time of the merger, the Antitrust Division or the FTC could take action under the antitrust
laws, including seeking to prevent the merger, to rescind the merger or to conditionally approve the merger upon the divestiture of
assets of the Company or Parent or subject to regulatory conditions or other remedies. In addition, U.S. state attorneys general could
take action under the antitrust laws as they deem necessary or desirable in the public interest, including, without limitation, seeking
to enjoin the completion of the merger or permitting completion subject to regulatory conditions. Private parties may also seek to
take legal action under the antitrust laws under some circumstances. There can be no assurance that a challenge to the merger on
antitrust grounds will not be made or, if such a challenge is made, that it would not be successful.

Antitrust Approvals Outside the U.S.

The merger agreement provides that it is a condition to each party’s obligation to consummate the merger that (i) all waiting periods
(and any extensions thereof) that are required to be terminated or expired prior to the closing of the merger have terminated or
expired and (ii) all approvals that are required to be obtained prior to the closing of the merger have been obtained, in each case
under the antitrust and competition laws of Bosnia, China, the European Union and Turkey. To date, the parties have submitted
merger notification filings in Bosnia, China, the European Union and Turkey. On September 28, 2017, the merger was granted
clearance in Turkey.

61



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 69/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Antitrust Undertakings in the Merger Agreement and Antitrust Support Side Letter

The merger agreement requires the Company and Parent to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions
necessary under applicable law to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including obtaining
regulatory approvals necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Parent is obligated to use
reasonable best efforts to take, with respect to Parent and its subsidiaries (including following the closing of the merger, the
Company and its subsidiaries), such divestitures, hold separate arrangements, consent decrees, acceptance of restrictions on business
operations and litigation as may be necessary to obtain any antitrust or competition approvals or clearances from any governmental
authority required to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement; provided that Parent and its subsidiaries
(including following the closing of the merger, the Company and its subsidiaries) are not required to take any action that would
reasonably be expected to result in or account for, either individually or in the aggregate, an annual loss of net worldwide sales
revenues (as measured by 2016 sales revenue) in excess of $85 million to Parent and its subsidiaries (including, following the
closing, the Company and its subsidiaries), taken as a whole. Furthermore, KKR Americas XII, WBA and their respective affiliates
(including KKR and any investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio
company or investment of KKR or of any such investment fund or investment vehicle, other than Parent and its subsidiaries), will
have no obligation to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate arrangement, change to its assets or business,
litigation or any other action to obtain antitrust or competition approvals.

In connection with the merger agreement, the Company, KKR Americas XII and WBA have entered into an antitrust support side
letter pursuant to which KKR Americas XII and WBA have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to take all actions necessary to
enable Parent to comply with certain of its obligations under the merger agreement, including obtaining regulatory approvals
necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, subject to certain exceptions, including the
limitation that KKR, WBA and their respective affiliates (including KKR Americas XII and any investment funds or investment
vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio company (as such term is commonly understood in the
private equity industry) or investment of KKR or of any such investment fund or investment vehicle, other than Parent and its
subsidiaries) will have no obligation to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate arrangement, change to its assets
or business, litigation or any other action to obtain antitrust or competition approvals, and Parent will have no obligation to cause
WBA, KKR or such affiliates to take any such actions. In addition, each of WBA, WBA’s affiliates (excluding Parent and Merger
Sub, whose obligations are governed by the merger agreement) and KKR Americas XII will use reasonable best efforts not to
undertake, announce or enter into certain transactions that involve any (A) long term care pharmacy or (B) business that provides
home infusion therapy services to patients, if, in the case of (A) or (B), any of such transactions would be reasonably expected to
result in any material impediment or material delay in obtaining applicable clearances required under any applicable antitrust laws;
provided that nothing in the antitrust support side letter or merger agreement will in any way restrict the activities of KKR or any of
its affiliates (excluding KKR Americas XII but including any other investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or
managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio company or investment of KKR or of KKR Americas XII or any such other
investment fund or investment vehicle). A copy of the antitrust support side letter is attached to this proxy statement as Annex D.

For a description of the termination fees payable by Parent in connection with the failure to obtain antitrust approvals, see “The
Merger Agreement—Termination Fees” beginning on page 82 of this proxy statement.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

As of the date of this proxy statement, two putative securities class action lawsuits related to the proposed merger have been filed by
purported stockholders of PharMerica. These lawsuits, the Martin Action and the Berg Action, were filed in the United States
District Court for the District of Delaware on September 13, 2017 and in the United States District Court for the Western District of
Kentucky on September 20, 2017, respectively. The Actions name as defendants PharMerica, the members of the PharMerica board
of directors and, in the case of the Berg Action, Parent and Merger Sub. The Actions generally allege, among other things, that the
individual director defendants caused PharMerica to file a materially incomplete and misleading proxy statement relating to the
proposed merger in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The Martin Action seeks, among other relief, to
enjoin the defendants from proceeding with the stockholder vote on the proposed merger or consummating the proposed merger, and
in the event the merger is consummated, to recover damages in an unspecified amount. The Berg Action seeks, among other relief,
to enjoin the defendants from proceeding with or

62



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 70/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

consummating the proposed merger or, in the event that the proposed merger is consummated, an order rescinding the merger and
awarding rescissory damages. The Actions also seek an unspecified award of attorneys’ and expert fees and expenses. PharMerica
believes that the Actions are without merit and intends to defend vigorously against all claims asserted. Additional lawsuits arising
out of or relating to the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby may be filed in the future. If additional similar
complaints are filed, absent new or different allegations that are material, PharMerica will not necessarily announce such additional
filings.

63



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 71/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following is a summary of the material provisions of the merger agreement, a copy of which is attached to this document as
Annex A and which is incorporated by reference into this document. This summary does not purport to be complete and may not
contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to you. We encourage you to carefully read the merger
agreement in its entirety, as the rights and obligations of the parties thereto are governed by the express terms of the merger
agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in this document.

Structure of the Merger; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws; Directors and Officers

At the effective time of the merger, which we refer to as the “Effective Time”, Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company in
accordance with the DGCL, whereupon the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and the Company will be the surviving
corporation, which we refer to as the “Surviving Corporation”.

The certificate of incorporation of the Company will be amended, as set forth in Exhibit A of the merger agreement, at the Effective
Time and, as so amended, will be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation until amended in accordance with
applicable law. At the Effective Time, and without any further action on the part of the Company or Merger Sub, the bylaws of
Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time will, by virtue of the merger, be the bylaws of the Surviving
Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with their terms, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
and as provided by applicable law.

From and after the Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified in accordance with applicable law,
(a) the directors of Merger Sub at the Effective Time will be the directors of the Surviving Corporation and (b) the officers of the
Company at the Effective Time will be the officers of the Surviving Corporation.

When the Merger Becomes Effective

The closing of the merger will take place, unless Parent and the Company mutually agree on another date, on the third business day
after the satisfaction or (to the extent permissible) waiver by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof of the closing
conditions (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing, but subject to the satisfaction or, to the
extent permissible, waiver of those conditions) set forth in the merger agreement. However, if the marketing period has not been
completed (including because required information (as defined in the merger agreement and summarized below) has not been
provided by the Company) at the time of the satisfaction or waiver of all of the closing conditions set forth in the merger agreement
and described in the section below entitled “Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 79 of this proxy statement
(other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of such
conditions), then notwithstanding the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, Parent will not be
required to effect the closing of the merger until the earlier of (i) a date during the marketing period specified by Parent on no less
than three business days’ prior written notice to the Company (provided, that the closing on such date may be postponed by Parent
to another date during the marketing period, or on or before the second business day following the final day of the marketing period)
to permit the contemporaneous consummation of the financing), and (ii) the second business day following the final day of the
marketing period (as it may be extended pursuant to the definition of “marketing period” in the merger agreement) (subject, in each
case, to the satisfaction or waiver in writing of all of the closing conditions set forth in the merger agreement as of the date
determined pursuant to the above, or at such other place, at such other time or on such other date as Parent and the Company may
mutually agree).

At the closing, the Company and Merger Sub will file a certificate of merger with the Delaware Secretary of State and make all
other filings or recordings required under the DGCL in connection with the merger. The merger will become effective at such time
as the certificate of merger is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State, or at such later time as may be specified in the
certificate of merger.

Effect of the Merger on the common stock

At the Effective Time, each share of common stock of the Company, outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other
than “cancelled shares,” “converted shares” or “dissenting shares” (each as described below)) will be converted into the right to
receive an amount in cash equal to $29.25 per share of common stock, without interest, which we refer to as the “merger
consideration”.

64



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 72/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Notwithstanding the foregoing, each share of common stock held by the Company as treasury stock (other than shares of common
stock in a Company Plan (as such term is defined in the merger agreement)) or owned by Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to
the Effective Time, will be cancelled and retired and no cash or other consideration will be delivered in exchange of such shares,
which we refer to as the “cancelled shares”, and each share of common stock of held by any subsidiary of the Company or any
subsidiary of Parent (other than Merger Sub) immediately prior to the Effective Time, if any, will be converted into such number of
shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation such that each subsidiary owns the same percentage of the outstanding capital stock of
the Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time as such subsidiary owned in the Company immediately prior
to the Effective Time, which we refer to as the “converted shares”.

Each share of common stock of Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will be converted into and become
one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so converted and
will constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation (except for any such shares resulting from
the conversion of converted shares, if any).

In addition, any shares of common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and held by a holder who has not
voted in favor of the merger or consented thereto in writing and who has properly demanded appraisal for such shares of common
stock in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL, which we refer to collectively as the “dissenting shares”, will not be converted
into the right to receive the merger consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or otherwise loses the right to
appraisal. As of the Effective Time, the dissenting shares will no longer be outstanding and will automatically be canceled and will
cease to exist and each holder of dissenting shares will cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to seek
appraisal under the DGCL. If, after the Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or loses the right to appraisal under
the DGCL, such dissenting shares will be treated as if they had been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the
merger consideration. For more information regarding dissenters’ rights, see the section entitled “Rights of Appraisal” beginning on
page 90 of this proxy statement.

Treatment of Company Options and Company Stock Units

Except as otherwise agreed in writing between Parent and the holder of a Company option (as defined below) or Company stock
unit (as defined below), as applicable:

Each option to purchase shares of common stock granted under any Company equity plan, which we refer to as a “Company
option”, whether vested or unvested and whether subject to time-based or performance-based vesting, that is outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time will, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the merger and without any action on the part of
Parent, Merger Sub the Company or the holder of such Company Option, become fully vested and exercisable as of immediately
prior to the Effective Time and will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment equal to the product of (i) the
excess, if any, of the merger consideration less the applicable per share exercise price of such Company option multiplied by (ii) the
number of shares of common stock subject to such Company option, payable at the next practicable payroll of the Company
following the Effective Time.

Each restricted stock unit, performance stock unit or similar right granted under any employee or director plans or arrangements
payable in shares of common stock or the value of which is determined with reference to the value of shares of common stock
granted under any Company equity plan, which we refer to as a “Company stock unit”, which is outstanding as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time and which has vested (or by its terms is scheduled to vest) as of or prior to the Effective Time, which we refer
to as a “vested Company stock unit”, will, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the merger and without any action on the part of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holder of such vested Company stock unit, be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive
a cash payment from Parent to the holder thereof equal to the product of (i) the merger consideration multiplied by (ii) the number
of shares of common stock underlying such vested Company stock unit, payable at the next practicable payroll of the Company
following the Effective Time.

Each Company stock unit which is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and which has not vested as of or prior
to the Effective Time, which we refer to as a “unvested Company stock unit,” will by virtue of the merger and without any action on
the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holder of such unvested Company stock unit, be cancelled, and in substitution
thereof, such holder will be eligible to receive a cash payment from Parent equal to the product of (i) the merger consideration
multiplied by (ii) the

65



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 73/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

number of shares of common stock underlying such unvested Company stock unit, which, for any unvested Company stock unit
subject to satisfaction of performance criteria, will be calculated assuming satisfaction of such criteria at target achievement. Such
cash payment described in the aforementioned sentence will initially be unvested and (i) to the extent such cash payment relates to
an unvested Company stock unit that was subject to time-based vesting, will vest, subject to continued employment or service,
based on the same vesting schedule applicable to such cancelled unvested Company stock unit, and (ii) to the extent such payment
relates to an unvested Company stock unit that was subject to performance-based vesting, will vest, subject to continued
employment or service, on the last day of the performance period applicable to such cancelled unvested Company stock unit, in each
case subject to any applicable vesting of such unvested Company stock unit upon a termination of the holder’s employment under
the applicable Company Plan and award agreement relating to the original unvested Company stock unit.

Payment of the Merger Consideration

Prior to the Effective Time, Parent will deposit or will cause to be deposited, with a nationally recognized financial institution
selected by Parent with the Company’s prior approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed), which we refer to
as the “Paying Agent”, for the benefit of the holders of shares of common stock (other than holders of dissenting shares, converted
shares or cancelled shares) a cash amount in immediately available funds necessary for the Paying Agent to pay the aggregate
merger consideration with respect to all such shares of common stock (other than dissenting shares, converted shares or cancelled
shares) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. With respect to any dissenting shares, Parent will only be required to
deposit or cause to be deposited with the Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the aggregate merger consideration payable in respect
of such dissenting shares if the holder thereof fails to perfect or effectively withdraws or loses its appraisal rights under the DGCL.
The funds held by the Paying Agent will be invested by the Paying Agent as directed by Parent.

Promptly after the Effective Time (but in no event within two business days thereafter), the Surviving Corporation will cause the
Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a certificate representing shares of common stock (other than holders of dissenting
shares, converted shares or cancelled shares): (i) a letter of transmittal in customary form specifying that delivery will be effected,
and risk of loss and title to the certificates will pass, only upon proper delivery of the Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu
thereof) to the Paying Agent, such letter of transmittal to be in such form and have such other provisions as Parent and the Company
may reasonably agree and (ii) instructions for use in effecting the surrender of such certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof)
in exchange for the merger consideration. Upon proper surrender of such a certificate (or affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) to the
Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such certificate will be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor a cash amount (after giving effect to any required tax withholdings) equal to (i) the number of shares
of common stock represented by such certificate (or affidavit of loss in lieu thereof) multiplied by (ii) the merger consideration, and
such certificate so surrendered will be cancelled. No interest will be paid or accrued on any amount payable upon due surrender of
such certificates.

Any holder of uncertificated shares of common stock represented by book-entry, which we refer to as “book-entry shares”, will not
be required to deliver a certificate or an executed letter of transmittal to the Paying Agent to receive the merger consideration that
such holder is entitled to receive with respect to such book-entry shares. In lieu thereof, each holder of record of one or more book-
entry shares will upon receipt by the Paying Agent of an “agent’s message” in customary form (or such other evidence, if any, as the
Paying Agent may reasonably request), be entitled to receive, and Parent will cause the Paying Agent to pay and deliver as promptly
as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the merger consideration in respect of each such share of common stock, and the
book-entry shares of such holder will forthwith be cancelled.

Representations and Warranties; Material Adverse Effect

The merger agreement contains representations and warranties made by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub and representations
and warranties made by Parent and Merger Sub to the Company. The assertions embodied in those representations and warranties
are subject to qualifications and limitations agreed to by the respective parties in connection with negotiating the terms of the
merger agreement, including information contained in confidential disclosure schedules in connection with the signing of the merger
agreement. These confidential disclosure schedules contain information that modifies, qualifies and creates exceptions to the
representations and

66



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 74/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

warranties set forth in the merger agreement. Furthermore, some of those representations and warranties may not be accurate or
complete as of any particular date because they are subject to a contractual standard of materiality different from that generally
applicable to public disclosures to stockholders. Moreover, certain representations and warranties in the merger agreement were
used for the purpose of allocating risk between the Company, Merger Sub and Parent rather than establishing matters as facts.
Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the merger agreement as characterizations of the actual
state of facts about the Company, Merger Sub or Parent. This description of the representations and warranties is included to provide
Company stockholders with additional information regarding the terms of the merger agreement. It is not intended to provide any
other factual information about the Company, Parent or Merger Sub.

In the merger agreement, the Company has made representations and warranties to Parent and Merger Sub with respect to, among
other things:

• the Company’s and its subsidiaries corporate existence and power;

• corporate authorization and the recommendation of the Board;

• consents and approvals of governmental entities and other third parties relating to the execution, delivery or performance
of the merger agreement;

• absence of conflicts with laws, the Company’s organizational documents and contracts to which the Company or any of its
subsidiaries is a party;

• capitalization;

• ownership of the Company’s subsidiaries;

• the Company’s SEC filings and internal controls;

• financial statements;

• the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied for the purposes of this proxy statement;

• the absence of a material adverse effect and certain other changes or events;

• the absence of certain undisclosed liabilities;

• compliance with applicable law, including permit requirements and other regulatory matters;

• legal proceedings;

• real property matters;

• intellectual property matters;

• tax matters;

• employee benefit plan matters;

• employee and labor matters;

• environmental matters;

• material contracts;

• brokers’ fees;

• receipt of a fairness opinion from each of BofA Merrill Lynch and UBS;

• anti-takeover statutes and rights plans; and

• insurance matters.

The merger agreement also contains representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub, subject to certain exceptions in the
merger agreement, as to, among other things:

• corporate existence and power;

• corporate authorization;

67



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 75/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• consents and approvals of governmental entities and other third party relating to the execution, delivery and performance
of the merger agreement;

• absence of conflicts with laws, Parent or Merger Sub’s organizational documents and contracts to which Parent or Merger
Sub is a party;

• the accuracy and completeness of the information supplied for the purposes of this proxy statement;

• brokers’ fees;

• matters with respect to Parent’s financing;

• matters related to the limited guarantees and the antitrust support side letter (as described more fully in the sections
entitled “Limited Guarantees” and “Antitrust Undertakings in the Merger Agreement and Antitrust Support Side Letter”
beginning on pages 53 and 62, respectively, of this proxy statement);

• legal proceedings;

• ownership of the Company’s common stock;

• absence of certain agreements;

• absence of agreements with any member of the Company’s management or Board; and

• Parent’s and Merger Sub’s acknowledgment that, except for those specific representations and warranties set forth in the
section entitled “Representations and Warranties; Material Adverse Effect” of the merger agreement, no other
representation or warranty of any kind is made or will be deemed to have been made by the Company, and a disclaimer on
any reliance by Parent or Merger Sub on any other such representation or warranty.

Some of the representations and warranties in the merger agreement are qualified by materiality or knowledge qualifications or a
“Company material adverse effect” qualification with respect to the Company or a “Parent material adverse effect” with respect to
Parent, as discussed below.

For purposes of the merger agreement, a “Company material adverse effect” means any event, change, effect, circumstance or
occurrence that, individually or in the aggregate with any other event, change, effect, circumstance or occurrence, (A) prevents or
materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the Company to consummate the merger and the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement or (B) has a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business or results of
operations of the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any effect resulting from (except, in the case of the first,
second, third, fourth and fifth bullets below, to the extent the Company and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are materially and
disproportionately impacted thereby relative to other entities operating in the same industry or industries in which the Company and
its subsidiaries operate (in which case the incremental material and disproportionate impact or impacts may be taken into account in
determining whether there has been a Company material adverse effect)):

• changes or prospective changes after the date of the merger agreement in GAAP or the interpretation thereof;

• general economic, political, or regulatory conditions in the U.S. or any other country or region, including changes in
financial, credit, securities or currency markets (including changes in interest or exchange rates);

• conditions generally affecting the industries in which the Company and its subsidiaries operate;

• changes or prospective changes after the date of the merger agreement in applicable law or the interpretation thereof;

• acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or natural disasters or cyberattacks;

• except in the case of the Company’s representations regarding the absence of conflicts with laws, the Company’s
organizational documents and contracts to which the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party, the execution of the
merger agreement or the announcement or consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or the
identity of or any facts or circumstances relating to Parent, including the impact of any of the foregoing on the
relationships, contractual or

68



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 76/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

otherwise, of the Company and any of its subsidiaries with customers, suppliers, service providers, employees,
governmental authorities or any other persons and any stockholder or derivative litigation relating to the execution,
delivery and performance of the merger agreement or the announcement or consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement;

• any failure by the Company or any of its subsidiaries to meet any internal or published budgets, projections, forecasts or
predictions of financial performance for any period (it being understood that any underlying facts giving rise or
contributing to such failure that are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a “Company material adverse effect”
may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Company material adverse effect);

• any actions taken (or omitted to be taken) at the request of Parent or Merger Sub;

• changes in the price and/or trading volume of the shares of common stock or any other securities of the Company on the
NYSE or any other market in which such securities are quoted for purchase and sale or changes in the credit ratings of the
Company (it being understood that any underlying facts giving rise or contributing to such changes that are not otherwise
excluded from the definition of a “Company material adverse effect” may be taken into account in determining whether
there has been a Company material adverse effect); or

• any actions taken (or omitted to be taken) by the Company or any of its subsidiaries that are expressly contemplated under
the merger agreement.

For purposes of the merger agreement, a “Parent material adverse effect” means any event, change, effect, development or
occurrence that would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially impair or materially delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub
to perform its obligations hereunder or prevent, materially impair or materially delay the closing, the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

The merger agreement provides that except (i) with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent will not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed), (ii) as expressly contemplated by the merger agreement, (iii) as set forth in the confidential
disclosure schedules, or (iv) as required by applicable law, from the date of the merger agreement until the Effective Time, the
Company will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, conduct its business in the ordinary course and use its commercially
reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organizations and relationships with third parties and to keep available the services
of its present officers and key employees. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except with the prior written consent of
Parent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), as expressly contemplated by the merger
agreement, as set forth in the confidential disclosure schedules or as required by applicable law, from the date of the merger
agreement until the Effective Time, subject to certain exceptions as set forth in the merger agreement, the Company will not, nor
will it permit any of its subsidiaries to:

• amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents;

• (i) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, (ii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock, or (iii) redeem,
repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise acquire any Company Securities or any
Company Subsidiary Securities;

• issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of any Company securities or Company
subsidiary securities, or amend any term of any Company Security or any Company Subsidiary Security;

• acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise), directly or indirectly, any material amount
of assets, securities, properties, interests or businesses;

• sell, lease, license, sublicense, allow to lapse or expire, encumber, subject to a lien or otherwise transfer any of its material
assets, securities, rights, properties, interests or businesses;

• make any material loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person;

• incur, assume or refinance any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantees thereof, or enter into any swap, hedging or
other derivative contract;

69



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 77/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• (i) increase the compensation or benefits provided to any Company service provider, (ii) grant or award any bonus or
incentive compensation to any key employee, (iii) establish, adopt, enter into, terminate or materially amend any Company
Plan or collective bargaining agreement, (iv) grant any equity or equity-based awards to, or discretionarily accelerate the
vesting or payment of any such awards held by, any Company service provider or (v) grant or increase any potential
severance retention or termination pay to any Company service provider;

• change the Company’s methods of accounting, except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP or in Regulation S-X of
the 1934 Act, as agreed to by its independent public accountants;

• make or change any tax election, change any annual tax accounting period, adopt or change any method of tax accounting,
materially amend any tax returns or file claims for material tax refunds, enter into any closing agreement, agree to an
extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of any material taxes,
settle or compromise any material tax claim, audit or assessment, or surrender any right to claim a material tax refund,
offset or other reduction in tax liability;

• materially amend or terminate any material contract or enter into any contract that would, if entered into prior to the date
of the merger agreement, constitute a material contract or waive, release or assign any material rights or claims under any
material contract;

• make any capital expenditure not contemplated by the capital expenditure budget set forth on the confidential disclosure
schedules;

• adopt or put into effect a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, legal entity
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or enter into a new line of business;

• settle any claim, lawsuit, court action or other court proceeding, arbitration, governmental or administrative investigation,
audit or inquiry;

• enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement or other contract or agreement with any labor organization or
other representative of any Company service providers;

• permit any insurance policy to lapse or take any actions which would reasonably be expected to result in any such
insurance policy becoming void or voidable; or

• agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

No Solicitation

From the date of the merger agreement until the Effective Time, none of the Company, any of its subsidiaries or their respective
officers and directors will and the Company will not direct and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and its subsidiaries’
representatives not to, directly or indirectly:

• solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or encourage any effort or attempt to submit an acquisition
proposal (as summarized below) or any proposal or offer that may reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition
proposal;

• enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any confidential information
relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of
the Company or any of its subsidiaries to or otherwise knowingly cooperate in any way with any person relating to an
acquisition proposal or to any proposal or offer that may reasonably be expected to lead to an acquisition proposal; or

• (i) withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Parent the Company recommendation, fail to make or reaffirm the
Company recommendation as required by the merger agreement or when reasonably requested by Parent to do so after the
public disclosure of an acquisition proposal, fail to recommend against acceptance of a tender or exchange offer for any
Company Securities that constitutes an acquisition proposal or refrain from taking a position with respect to such
acquisition proposal by the close of business on the tenth business day after the commencement of such acquisition
proposal pursuant to Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange Act or (ii) adopt, approve, recommend or publicly propose

70



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 78/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to recommend, or agree to any acquisition proposal or approve, endorse, recommend, or enter into any agreement in
principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar
instrument relating to an acquisition proposal (any act described in this bullet, we refer to as an “adverse recommendation
change”).

Notwithstanding the foregoing restrictions, which we refer to as the “no solicitation provisions”, at any time prior to the receipt of
the stockholder approval (defined in the section entitled “Conditions to Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 79 of this
proxy statement), if after receipt of a bona fide written acquisition proposal (if the Company did not materially violate the no
solicitation provisions) from any person or group, the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with the Company’s outside
legal counsel and financial advisors, that such acquisition proposal is, or reasonably likely to lead to a superior proposal (as
summarized below) and that failure to take the following actions would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with its fiduciary
duties under applicable law, the Company, directly or indirectly, through any of its representatives or other intermediaries, may:

• engage in negotiations or discussions with such third party with respect to such acquisition proposal; and

• furnish to such third party or its representatives non-public information relating to the Company or any of its subsidiaries
and afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its subsidiaries pursuant to
a third-party confidentiality agreement (on terms no less favorable to the Company than those contained in the
confidentiality agreements the Company entered into with KKR and WBA); provided that all such information (to the
extent not previously provided or made available to Parent) is provided or made available to Parent, as the case may be,
prior to or substantially concurrently with the time it is provided or made available to such third party.

Furthermore, notwithstanding the no solicitation provisions, at any time prior to the receipt of the stockholder approval, if, after
receipt of a bona fide written acquisition proposal (if the Company did not materially violate the no solicitation provisions) from any
person or group that has not been withdrawn, (i) the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel
and financial advisers, that such acquisition proposal is a superior proposal (and continues to be a superior proposal after the
Company has complied with the procedures set forth in the section entitled “Change of Recommendation” below) and failure to take
such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law and (ii) the Company has complied in all material
respects with the requirements described below:

• the Board may make an adverse recommendation change; and

• the Company may terminate the merger agreement to enter into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet,
merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar instrument with respect to a superior
proposal; provided that the Company pays in immediately available funds the Company termination fee to Parent (as
defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination Fees—Company Termination Fee” beginning on
page 82 of this proxy statement) concurrently with such termination.

In addition, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the merger agreement, the Company or the Board may (i) take and disclose
to the Company’s stockholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the 1934 Act (or any
similar communication to stockholders in connection with the making or amendment of a tender offer or exchange offer) or make
any legally required disclosure to stockholders with regard to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or an
acquisition proposal (provided that neither the Company nor the Board may recommend any acquisition proposal unless permitted
by the above bullets), (ii) issue a “stop, look and listen” disclosure or similar communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-
9(f) under the 1934 Act or (iii) contact and engage in discussions with any Person or group and their respective representatives who
has made an acquisition proposal that was not solicited in breach of the merger agreement solely for the purpose of clarifying such
acquisition proposal and the terms thereof to determine whether there is a reasonable probability that such acquisition proposal is or
could reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal.

The Company will notify Parent within twenty-four (24) hours after receipt by the Company (or any of its representatives) of any
acquisition proposal or any request for non-public information relating to the Company or

71



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 79/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

any of its subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its subsidiaries by
any person that has notified the Company that it may be considering making, or has made, an acquisition proposal, which notice will
include the identity of such person, the material terms of any acquisition proposal and copies of any written materials submitted in
connection with any acquisition proposal and the Company will keep Parent reasonably informed of the status and material terms
and conditions of any acquisition proposal (including any change to the financial terms or other material changes to the terms
thereof and by providing to Parent copies of any material written materials relating to such acquisition proposal that have not
already been so provided) or the nature of any information requested of the Company or its subsidiaries with respect thereto.

For purposes of the merger agreement:

• “acquisition proposal” means, other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, any bona fide offer or
proposal from a person or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act) of persons relating to (i) any
acquisition or purchase, direct or indirect, whether in one transaction or a series of transactions, of 15% or more of the
consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries or 15% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the
Company or any of its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the
consolidated assets of the Company, (ii) any tender offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if
consummated, would result in such person or group beneficially owning 15% or more of any class of equity or voting
securities of the Company or any of its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more
of the consolidated assets of the Company or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, sale of
substantially all the assets, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other similar transaction involving
the Company or any of its subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the
consolidated assets of the Company.

• “superior proposal” means a bona fide, unsolicited acquisition proposal for at least a majority of the outstanding shares of
common stock or all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the Company and its subsidiaries on terms that the
Board determines in good faith (after taking into account any revisions to the terms of the transaction proposed by Parent
and after consulting with the Company’s outside legal and financial advisors), is reasonably likely to be consummated in
accordance with its terms, and would, if consummated, result in a transaction more favorable to the Company’s
stockholders (in their capacities as such) from a financial point of view than the merger (after taking into account any
revisions to the merger agreement made or agreed to by Parent in writing prior to the time of such determination).

Change of Recommendation

Neither the Board nor the Company will make an adverse recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement to enter into
any agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or other similar
instrument with respect to a superior proposal unless promptly after the Board has determined in good faith, after consultation with
its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, that such acquisition proposal is a superior proposal following receipt of a bona fide
acquisition proposal (so long as the Company did not materially violate the no solicitation provisions):

• the Company has notified Parent in writing and at least three business days prior to taking such action, of its intention to
take such action, specifying, in reasonable detail, the reasons for the adverse recommendation change and/or the reasons
the Company intends to terminate the merger agreement (including, in each case, a description of the identity of the person
making the acquisition proposal, the material terms and conditions of the superior proposal and copies of the most recent
drafts of any such agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option
agreement or other similar instrument with respect to such acquisition proposal);

• the Company has given Parent three business days after the delivery of such notice to propose revisions to the terms of the
merger agreement or make another proposal so that such acquisition proposal would cease to constitute a superior
proposal and, if requested by Parent, the Company has negotiated with Parent in good faith during such three business day
period; and

72



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 80/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• after considering the proposals made by Parent, the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and financial advisors, such acquisition proposal continues to constitute a superior proposal and that failure to
make the adverse recommendation change would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law.

The above bullets will also apply to any revision to the financial terms of any acquisition proposal or other material amendment to
any acquisition proposal and any such revision or amendment will require the delivery of a new notice, except that all references to
three business days in the applicable section of the merger agreement will be deemed to be two business days.

Reasonable Best Efforts

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, the Company and Parent will use reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary under applicable law to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including:

• preparing and filing as promptly as reasonably practicable with the antitrust authorities in Bosnia, China, the European
Union and Turkey all documentation to effect all necessary filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations,
submissions of information, applications and other documents; and

• obtaining and maintaining all approvals, consents, registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations required
to be obtained from any governmental authority that are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

Parent acknowledges and agrees that its obligation pursuant to the above includes Parent using its reasonable best efforts to take,
with respect to Parent and its subsidiaries (including, following the closing, the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries), such
divestitures, hold separate arrangements, consent decrees, the termination, assignment, novation or modification of contracts or
other business relationships, the acceptance of restrictions on business operations, the entry into other commitments and limitations,
and litigation, including with governmental authorities, as may be necessary to obtain any antitrust or competition approvals or
clearances from any governmental authority required to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (any
such action, we refer to as an “antitrust action”); provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the merger agreement,
nothing therein will require Parent or any of its subsidiaries (including, following the closing, the Surviving Corporation and its
subsidiaries) to take any action (including any antitrust action) that would reasonably be expected to result in or account for, either
individually or in the aggregate, an annual loss of net worldwide sales revenues (as measured by 2016 sales revenue) in excess of
$85 million to Parent and any of its subsidiaries (including, following the closing, the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries),
taken as a whole (any such action described in this proviso, we refer to as a “burdensome condition”). The Company will not (and
will not cause any subsidiary to), without Parent’s prior written consent, take or commit to take any action (including any antitrust
action) that (i) limits Parent’s freedom of action with respect to its business or Parent’s ability to obtain or enjoy the rights or
benefits of the Surviving Corporation’s or the subsidiaries’ business or (ii) would constitute or reasonably be expected to result in
any burdensome condition. At Parent’s request, the Company will use reasonable best efforts to obtain all approvals, consents,
registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations required to be obtained from any third party (including under any
material contracts) that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
provided that the Company will not, without Parent’s prior consent subject to applicable laws, agree to make any payments or accept
any material condition or obligation to any contract to which the Company is a party.

Notwithstanding anything in the merger agreement to the contrary, WBA and KKR Americas XII and their respective affiliates
(including KKR) and any investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio
company (as such term is commonly understood in the private equity industry) or investment of KKR or of any such investment
fund or investment vehicle, other than Parent and its subsidiaries, will have no obligation, and Parent will have no obligation to
cause WBA and KKR Americas XII or any such affiliates to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate arrangement,
change to its assets or business, litigation or any other antitrust action. Parent and its subsidiaries will not be required to (and
without Parent’s consent, the Company and its subsidiaries will not) take any action (including any antitrust action) in order to
obtain any approval or clearance from any governmental authority which is not conditioned upon the consummation of the closing.

73



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 81/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Each of Parent and the Company will:

• make an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement with the FTC and the Antitrust Division as promptly as practicable and in any
event within 10 business days after the date of the merger agreement (and such filings will request early termination of any
applicable waiting period under the HSR Act), and subject to applicable law, furnish to the other party as promptly as
reasonably practicable all information required for any application or other filing to be made by the other party pursuant to
any applicable law in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

• respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any inquiries received from the FTC, the Antitrust Division, or any other
governmental authority in connection with antitrust matters; and

• not extend any waiting period under the HSR Act or enter into any agreement with the FTC or the Antitrust Division not
to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except with the prior written consent of the other
parties to the merger agreement.

Parent will use reasonable best efforts to ensure that Parent and its subsidiaries not take any action if such action would be
reasonably expected to result in any material impediment or material delay in obtaining applicable clearances required under the
HSR Act. At the request of Parent, the Company will agree to divest, hold separate or otherwise take or commit to take any action
that limits its freedom of action with respect to, or its ability to retain, any of the businesses, services, or assets of the Company or
any of its subsidiaries (but, absent such request, the Company will not take any such action), provided that any such action will be
conditioned upon the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Each party will:

• promptly notify the other parties of any substantive communication to that party from the FTC, the Antitrust Division, any
State Attorney General or any other governmental authority and, subject to applicable law, permit the other parties to
review in advance any proposed written communication to any of the foregoing;

• not agree to participate in any substantive meeting or discussion with any governmental authority in respect of any filings,
investigation or inquiry concerning any competition or antitrust matters in connection with the merger agreement or the
merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby unless it consults with the other parties in advance and, to the
extent permitted by such governmental authority, gives the other parties the opportunity to attend and participate thereat;
and

• furnish, subject to applicable law, the other parties with copies of all correspondence, filings, and communications (and
memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between them and their affiliates and their respective representatives on
the one hand, and any governmental authority or members or their respective staffs on the other hand, with respect to any
competition or antitrust matters in connection with the merger agreement.

Notwithstanding anything in the merger agreement to the contrary, with respect to the foregoing, Parent will make all strategic
decisions and lead all discussions, negotiations and other proceedings, and coordinate all activities with respect to any requests that
may be made by, or any actions, consents, undertakings, approvals, or waivers that may be sought by or from, any governmental
authority, including determining the strategy for contesting, litigating or otherwise responding to objections to, or proceedings
challenging, the consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, in each case subject
to good faith consultations with the Company reasonably in advance and in consideration of the Company’s views and subject to the
foregoing paragraph. The Company will not, and will not permit any of its representatives to, make any offer, acceptance or counter-
offer to or otherwise engage in negotiations or discussions with any governmental authority with respect to any proposed settlement,
consent decree, commitment or remedy or, in the event of litigation, discovery, admissibility of evidence, timing or scheduling,
except as specifically requested by or agreed with Parent.

Company Stockholders Meeting

The Company will, in accordance with its incorporation documents and applicable law, promptly following the date of the merger
agreement, for the purposes of obtaining the stockholder approval, duly set a record date and duly call, give notice of, convene and
hold as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date upon which

74



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 82/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

this proxy statement is cleared by the SEC (with the record date and meeting date to be set by the Board in consultation with Parent
regarding such dates), a meeting of the stockholders of the Company for the purpose of seeking the stockholder approval. Subject to
the ability of the Board to make an adverse recommendation change, the Company will use its reasonable best efforts to solicit the
stockholder approval, and the Board will make the Company recommendation with respect to the adoption of the merger agreement
and the approval of the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger.

Employee Matters

For a period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the first anniversary of the closing date (or, such shorter period of
employment, as the case may be), each Company service provider who continues to provide services to Parent, Merger Sub or any
of their respective subsidiaries (we refer to such employees as “continuing employees”), will receive from Parent or Merger Sub (i)
salary, annual cash bonus opportunity, wages or commissions as whole that is no less favorable than the salary, annual cash bonus
opportunity, wages or commissions as whole provided to such continuing employee as of immediately prior to the closing date and
(ii) employee benefits that are substantially similar in the aggregate, as applicable, provided to such continuing employee as of
immediately prior to the closing date under the Company Plans.

With respect to any continuing employee whose employment is terminated by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their
respective subsidiaries during such period, Parent will provide or cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, termination-related
payments and benefits to such continuing employee, that are no less favorable than those provided under any Company Plan;
provided that such continuing employee executes, delivers and does not revoke a customary general release in favor of the
Company, Parent and their respective affiliates.

Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to honor the bonus plans or arrangements in place for continuing
employees for the fiscal year in which closing takes place. To the extent that the closing occurs prior to the payment of bonuses in
respect of the fiscal year 2017 of the Company, the Surviving Corporation will pay the annual bonuses to participating company
service providers in respect of fiscal year 2017 in the ordinary course and based upon actual results for fiscal year 2017, but not less
than the pro rata bonus amount applicable for each such continuing employee, in each case subject to such continuing employee’s
continued employment with the Surviving Corporation or any of its subsidiaries through the bonus payment date. To the extent that
the closing occurs prior to the establishment of bonus opportunities for fiscal year 2018, each continuing employee will be granted
an annual bonus opportunity for the fiscal year in which closing takes place that is no less favorable than the annual bonus
opportunity such continuing employee enjoyed under the bonus plans or arrangements for the Company’s immediately preceding
fiscal year.

As of the Effective Time, Parent will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation and any of its respective subsidiaries or any of their
respective third-party insurance providers or third-party administrators to, use reasonable best efforts to (i) waive all limitations as to
any pre-existing condition, limitations, exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods in its applicable health and
welfare plans with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to each continuing employee (and his or her
eligible dependents) under any health and welfare plans that such employees may be eligible to participate in after the Effective
Time and (ii) credit each continuing employee (and his or her eligible dependents) for any copayments, deductibles, offsets or
similar payments made under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its subsidiaries during the plan year (which
includes the acceptance time) for purposes of satisfying any applicable copayment, deductible, offset or similar requirements under
the comparable plans of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries.

As of the Effective Time, Parent will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation and any of its and their respective subsidiaries to,
give continuing employees full credit for purposes of eligibility to participate and vesting, but not benefit accruals, under any
employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by Parent, Merger Sub or any applicable subsidiary (other than any retiree
medical plans) that such employees may be eligible to participate in after the Effective Time for such continuing employees’ service
with the Company or any of its subsidiaries (as well as service with any predecessor employer), to the same extent that such service
was credited for purposes of any comparable Company Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided that the foregoing
will not apply to the extent that it would result in any duplication of benefits for the same period of service.

75



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 83/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Parent will, and will cause its subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) to assume and honor, in accordance with its terms,
each Company Plan set forth on the confidential disclosure schedules and all obligations thereunder, including any rights or benefits
arising as a result of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (either alone or in combination with any other event,
including termination of employment).

Indemnification and Insurance

For six years after the Effective Time, Parent will, and will cause the Surviving Corporation to, indemnify and hold harmless the
present and former directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents of the Company and its subsidiaries and any individuals
serving in such capacity at or with respect to other persons at the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ request, we refer to each as an
“indemnified person”, from and against any losses, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection
with or in respect of any thereof) in respect of the indemnified persons having served in such capacity prior to the Effective Time, in
each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law or any other applicable law or provided under the Company’s certificate of
incorporation and bylaws in effect on the date of the merger agreement. If any indemnified person is made party to any claim,
action, suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to matters that would be indemnifiable pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence, Parent will, and will cause the Company to, advance fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and
disbursements) as incurred by such indemnified person in connection with and prior to the final disposition of such claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation in each case to the extent the Company is required to do so and on the same terms as provided in
the Company’s bylaws as of the date of the merger agreement.

For six years after the Effective Time, Parent will cause to be maintained in effect provisions in the Surviving Corporation’s
certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or in such documents of any successor to the business of the Surviving Corporation)
regarding elimination of liability of directors, indemnification of directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents and
advancement of fees, costs and expenses that are no less advantageous to the intended beneficiaries than the corresponding
provisions in existence on the date of the merger agreement.

From and after the Effective Time, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation and its subsidiaries to honor and comply with their
respective obligations under any indemnification agreement with any indemnified person that was provided to Parent prior to the
date of the merger agreement, and not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such agreement in any manner that would adversely
affect any right of any indemnified person thereunder.

Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will or, if the Company is unable to, Parent will cause the Surviving Corporation as of the
Effective Time to, obtain and fully pay the premium for the non-cancellable extension of the directors’ and officers’ liability
coverage of the Company’s existing directors’ and officers’ insurance policies and the Company’s existing fiduciary liability
insurance policies, which we refer to collectively as “D&O insurance” and which will (i) be for a claims reporting or discovery
period of at least six years from and after the Effective Time with respect to any claim related to any period of time at or prior to the
Effective Time, (ii) be from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier
with respect to D&O insurance and (iii) have terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the
coverage provided under the Company’s existing policies with respect to any actual or alleged error, misstatement, misleading
statement, act, omission, neglect, breach of duty or any matter claimed against an indemnified person by reason of him or her
having served in such capacity that existed or occurred at or prior to the Effective Time (including in connection with the merger
agreement or the transactions or actions contemplated thereby). If the Company or the Surviving Corporation for any reason fails to
obtain such “tail” insurance policies as of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will continue to maintain in effect, for a
period of at least six years from and after the Effective Time, the D&O insurance in place with the Company’s current insurance
carrier or with an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier with respect to
D&O insurance with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under
the Company’s existing policies, or the Surviving Corporation will purchase from the Company’s current insurance carrier or from
an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier with respect to D&O insurance
comparable D&O insurance for such six-year period with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less
favorable than as provided in the Company’s existing policies; provided that in no event will Parent or the Surviving Corporation be
required to expend for such policies pursuant to this sentence an annual premium amount in excess of 300% of the premium amount
per annum for the Company’s existing policies; and

76



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 84/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

provided, further, that if the aggregate premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the Surviving Corporation will be
obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available, with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time, for a
cost not exceeding such amount.

If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of their successors or assigns consolidates with or merges into any other person and will
not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or transfers or conveys all or substantially
all of its properties and assets to any person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision will be made so
that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, will assume the obligations set forth in
the merger agreement.

Stockholder Litigation

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, the Company will control the defense or settlement of any litigation or other
legal proceedings against the Company or any of its directors relating to the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions
contemplated thereby; provided that the Company will give Parent reasonable opportunity to participate, at Parent’s expense, in
such litigation or other legal proceedings; and provided, further, that the Company agrees that it will not settle any such litigation or
other legal proceedings without the prior written consent of Parent, which will not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or
conditioned; provided, however, that Parent will not be obligated to consent to any settlement that does not include a full release of
Parent and its affiliates or that imposes an equitable remedy upon Parent or its affiliates including, after the Effective Time, the
Company.

Marketing Period

Under the merger agreement, the Company has agreed to allow Parent a period of 18 consecutive business days (subject to
customary blackout dates) to market the debt financing. By the end of the marketing period (a) Parent will have received the
required information (as such term is defined in the merger agreement) from the Company and (b)(i) all the conditions to the
obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger will have been satisfied or waived by Parent (other than those
conditions that by their nature were to be satisfied at the closing; provided that such conditions are capable of being satisfied) and
(ii) nothing will have occurred and no condition will have existed that would cause any of the conditions to the obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the merger to fail to be satisfied assuming the closing were to be scheduled for any time during such
18 consecutive business day period; provided that (x)(A) July 3, 2017 will not constitute a business day, (B) if the marketing period
has not been completed on or prior to August 18, 2017, the marketing period will commence no earlier than September 6, 2017, (C)
November 24, 2017 will not constitute a business day and (D) if the marketing period has not been completed on or prior to
December 15, 2017, the marketing period will commence no earlier than January 2, 2018 and (y) the marketing period will not be
deemed to have commenced if (I) after the date of the merger agreement and prior to the completion of the marketing period,
KPMG LLP has withdrawn its audit opinion with respect to any of the financial statements contained in the required information, in
which case the marketing period will not be deemed to commence unless and until a new unqualified audit opinion is issued with
respect to such financial statements by KPMG LLP or another independent accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Parent, (II) the
required information contains any untrue statement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements contained therein not misleading, in which case the marketing period will not be deemed to commence unless and until
such required information has been updated so that there is no longer any such untrue statement or omission or (III) the Company
has announced any intention to restate any historical financial statements of the Company or other financial information included in
the required information, or that any such restatement is under consideration or may be a possibility, in which case the marketing
period will not be deemed to commence unless and until such restatement has been completed and the applicable required
information has been amended or the Company has announced that it has concluded no such restatement will be required.

Parent’s Debt Financing Obligations

Parent will use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the proceeds of the debt financing on terms and conditions consistent with the
debt commitment letter, as more fully described in the merger agreement. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent will use its
reasonable best efforts to (i) maintain in effect the debt commitment letter in accordance with and subject to the terms and
conditions set forth therein, (ii) satisfy on a timely basis (or obtain the waiver of) all conditions within its control to obtaining the
debt financing on terms and conditions consistent

77



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 85/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with those set forth in the debt commitment letter and (iii) negotiate and enter into definitive agreements with respect to the debt
financing on terms and conditions consistent with those set forth in the debt commitment letter or on other terms and conditions
acceptable to Parent which would not (x) reduce the aggregate amount of the debt financing when the equity financing is increased
by a corresponding amount or (y) impose new or additional conditions precedent to the receipt of the debt financing, in the case of
this clause (y) that would reasonably be expected to delay or prevent the closing.

Financing Assistance from the Company

Prior to the Effective Time, the Company will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries and representatives to, use its and their
reasonable best efforts to provide all cooperation as may be reasonably requested by Parent in connection with obtaining the debt
financing (provided that such requested cooperation does not unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations of the Company
and its subsidiaries), including, but not limited to:

• furnishing to Parent the required information and such other customary information as is necessary to comply with the
applicable requirements of the merger agreement;

• having the appropriate members of senior management of the Company and its subsidiaries participate in a reasonable
number of meetings, presentations, road shows, due diligence sessions, drafting sessions, meetings with prospective
lenders and sessions with rating agencies in connection with the financing;

• assisting with the preparation of materials for rating agency presentations, road show presentations, offering memoranda,
private placement memoranda, bank information memoranda, confidential information memorandum, offering documents
and similar documents (and any supplements thereto) required in connection with the financing and assisting Parent in
procuring a public corporate credit rating and a public corporate family rating in respect of the relevant borrower under the
financing and public ratings for any of the tranches of the financing to be offered in connection with the financing;

• assisting reasonably in the preparation of one or more credit or other agreements, as well as any pledge and security
documents, and other definitive financing documents, collateral filings or other certificates or documents as may be
reasonably requested by Parent and otherwise reasonably facilitating the pledging of collateral and reasonably facilitating
the taking of all corporate actions by the Company and its subsidiaries with respect to entering such definitive financing
documents and otherwise necessary to permit consummation of the financing;

• cooperating reasonably with the due diligence requests, to the extent customary and reasonable, in connection with the
Financing;

• obtaining customary consents of accountants for use of their auditor opinions in any materials relating to the debt
financing at the expense of and as reasonably requested by Parent on behalf of the financing;

• delivering a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company with respect to solvency matters in the form attached
to the debt commitment letter; and

• providing at least five business days prior to closing all customary documentation and other information with respect to
the Company and its subsidiaries, as is reasonably requested in writing, at least eight business days prior to the closing
date that is required in connection with the debt financing by U.S. regulatory authorities under applicable “know-your-
customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, until the Effective Time, the Company will (i) have no liability or any obligation under any
agreement or document related to the financing and (ii) not be required to incur any other liability in connection with the financing
unless simultaneously reimbursed or reasonably satisfactorily indemnified by Parent.

Other Covenants and Agreements

The merger agreement also contains additional covenants, including, among others, covenants relating to access to information,
public announcements relating to the merger, notice of failures to comply with covenants, actions

78



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 86/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to minimize the effect of any anti-takeover laws, delisting from NYSE, union notice requirements, credit agreement payoff and
exemptions under Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

Mutual Conditions

The obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following
conditions:

• the adoption of the merger agreement by the holders of at least a majority of the outstanding shares of common stock on
the record date for the stockholders meeting (the “stockholder approval”);

• any waiting period under the HSR Act will have expired or been terminated and all antitrust approvals under the laws of
Bosnia, China, the European Union and Turkey required to be obtained prior to the closing will have been obtained (we
refer to such condition as the “antitrust closing condition”); and

• there will not be in effect any injunction or other order issued by any governmental authority having competent
jurisdiction prohibiting the merger, and there will not be any other applicable law enacted prohibiting the merger (we refer
to such condition as the “no injunction closing condition”).

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub

The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Parent) of the
following conditions:

• the accuracy of the representations and warranties of the Company both at and as of the date of the merger agreement and
at and as of the closing date (other than any such representation and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of
another specified time, in which case only as of such time), subject to such representations and warranties being, at each
such time:

• true and correct for certain representations and warranties regarding the corporate existence and power of the
Company, the absence of a material adverse effect and the Company’s broker’s fees;

• true and correct in all but de minimis respects, with regard to the Company’s incorporation documents, corporate
authorization and the recommendation of the Board, and certain representations and warranties related to the
Company’s capitalization;

• true and correct in all material respects, with regard to certain other representations and warranties regarding the
Company’s capitalization and the subsidiaries of the Company; and

• true and correct subject to a “material adverse effect” standard, with regard to all of the Company’s other
representations and warranties;

• the Company having performed in all material respects all of its obligations under the merger agreement;

• since the date of the merger agreement, there having been no Company material adverse effect;

• the Company having delivered to Parent a certificate signed by an executive officer of the Company dated as of the
closing date certifying that the conditions described in the first and second bullets above having been satisfied; and

• holders of not more than 10% of the outstanding shares of common stock have properly exercised, and not withdrawn,
their dissenters’ rights under Section 262 of the DGCL.

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of the Company

The obligations of the Company to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company) of the
following conditions:

• the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub regarding corporate existence and power,
corporate authorization and brokers fees are true and correct in all but de minimis respects both at and as of the date of the
merger agreement and the closing date (other than any such

79



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 87/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

representation and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of another specified time, in which case only as of
such time) (but for purposes of determining the satisfaction of this condition, without regard to any qualifications or
exceptions contained in such representations and warranties as to “materiality”);

• the other representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub are true and correct at and as of the date of the merger
agreement and the closing date (other than any such representation and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only
as of another specified time, in which case only as of such time), except, in the case of this bullet, for such failures to be
true as did not have and would not have reasonably been expected to have had, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent
material adverse effect (for purposes of determining the satisfaction of this condition, without regard to any qualifications
or exceptions contained in such representations and warranties as to “materiality”);

• Parent and Merger Sub having performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations under the merger
agreement; and

• Parent having delivered to the Company a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Parent dated as of the closing date
certifying that the conditions described in the three previous bullets having been satisfied.

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time, in the following ways:

• by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent;

• by either Parent or the Company, if:

• the Effective Time has not occurred on or before May 1, 2018, which we refer to as the “end date”; provided however
that if on the initial end date the antitrust closing condition is not satisfied but all the other conditions to closing set
forth in the merger agreement are satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the closing, but subject to those conditions being capable of being satisfied), then Parent or the Company
may extend the end date to August 1, 2018, in which case the end date will be deemed for all purposes to be such
later date; provided further that the right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet will not be
available to any party whose breach of any provision of the merger agreement is the proximate cause of the failure of
the merger to be consummated by such time (Parent’s and the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement
pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as the “end date termination right”);

• there is any permanent injunction or other order issued by a governmental authority of competent jurisdiction
restraining, making illegal or otherwise prohibiting the merger and such injunction or order has become final and
non-appealable; provided the right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet will not be available
to any party that has not complied with its obligations described under the section entitled “Reasonable Best Efforts”
above in respect of such injunction or order (Parent’s and the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement
pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as the “injunction termination right”); or

• the stockholder approval has not been obtained at the stockholder meeting duly convened therefor or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof at which the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby have
been voted upon (Parent’s and the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet, we
refer to as the “failure to obtain stockholder approval termination right”);

• by Parent, if:

• (i) the Company is in material breach of the no solicitation provisions, (ii) an adverse recommendation change has
occurred, (iii) the Board fails to include the Company recommendation in the proxy statement when mailed or (iv)
the Board fails to publicly reaffirm the Company recommendation within three business days after receipt of a
reasonable written request to do so from Parent (Parent’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this
sub-bullet, we refer to as the “change of recommendation termination right”); or

80



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 88/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• the Company breaches any of its representations or warranties or fails to perform any of its covenants or agreements
set forth in the merger agreement that would cause the conditions to the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to
consummate the merger to be incapable of being satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by the
Company by the earlier of (i) 30 days after receipt by the Company of written notice of such breach or failure and (ii)
the end date; provided that, at the time at which Parent or Merger Sub would otherwise exercise such termination
right, Parent and Merger Sub will not be in material breach of their obligations under the merger agreement such as to
cause any of the conditions to the obligations of the Company to consummate the merger to be incapable of being
satisfied by the end date (Parent’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as
the “Parent material breach termination right”);

• by the Company, if:

• prior to the receipt of the stockholder approval and subject to compliance with the no solicitation provisions, in order
to enter into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option
agreement or other similar instrument relating to an acquisition proposal concerning a superior proposal pursuant to
the terms of the merger agreement; provided that concurrently with such termination, the Company enters into such
agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement or
other similar instrument relating to an acquisition proposal and pays to Parent in immediately available funds the
company termination fee (as described below in the section entitled “Termination Fees – Company Termination Fee”)
(the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as the “superior
proposal termination right”);

• Parent or Merger Sub breaches any of its representations or warranties or fails to perform any of its covenants or
agreements set forth in the merger agreement that would cause the conditions to the obligations of the Company to
consummate the merger to be incapable of being satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by
Parent or Merger Sub by the earlier of (i) 30 days after receipt by Parent or Merger Sub of written notice of such
breach or failure and (ii) the end date; provided that, at the time at which the Company would otherwise exercise such
termination right, the Company will not be in material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement such as
to cause any of the conditions to the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger to be incapable
of being satisfied by the end date (the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet,
we refer to as the “the Company material breach termination right”);

• if WBA or KKR Americas XII fail to perform any of its covenants or agreements set forth in the antitrust support
side letter that would cause the conditions to the obligations of each party to consummate the merger to be incapable
of being satisfied or cured by the end date or, if curable, is not cured by WBA or KKR Americas XII by the earlier of
(A) 30 days after receipt by WBA or KKR Americas XII of written notice of such breach or failure and (B) the end
date; provided that, at the time at which the Company would otherwise exercise such termination right, the Company
will not be in material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement such as to cause any of the conditions to
the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger to be incapable of being satisfied by the end date
(the Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as the “equity
investor failure termination right”); or

• (i) all the conditions to the obligations of Parent or Merger Sub to consummate the merger have been satisfied (other
than those conditions that by their terms are to be satisfied by actions taken at the closing; provided that such
conditions are then capable of being satisfied), (ii) Parent has failed to consummate the merger (including as a result
of a debt financing failure) within three business days of the date the closing should have occurred pursuant to the
terms of the merger agreement and (iii) the Company has notified Parent in writing that all of the conditions to the
obligations of all parties to consummate the merger have been satisfied or, with respect to the Company’s conditions,
waived (or would be satisfied or waived if the closing were to occur on the

81



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 89/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

date of such notice) and it stands and will stand ready, willing and able to consummate the merger at such time (the
Company’s right to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to this sub-bullet, we refer to as the “failure to close
termination right”).

Effect of Termination

If the merger agreement is terminated as provided therein, the merger agreement will become void and of no effect without liability
of any party (or any stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or representative of such party) to the other parties to
the merger agreement; provided that, if such termination will result from Willful Breach (as described below) by any party, such
party will be fully liable for any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by the other parties to the merger agreement as a
result of such Willful Breach, subject to the limitations set forth in the merger agreement. Certain provisions of the merger
agreement will survive any termination thereof pursuant to its terms therein.

For purposes of the merger agreement, “Willful Breach” means a breach of the merger agreement or the antitrust support side letter
that is the consequence of an act or omission by a party to the merger agreement or to the antitrust support side letter with the actual
knowledge that the taking of such act or failure to take such act would be a breach of the merger agreement or the antitrust support
side letter.

Termination Fees

Company Termination Fee

The Company is required to pay Parent (or its designee) a termination fee of $33 million if the merger agreement is terminated as
follows (which we refer to as the “Company termination fee”):

• if the merger agreement is terminated by (i) Parent pursuant to Parent’s change of recommendation termination right or (ii)
the Company pursuant to the Company’s superior proposal termination right;

• if the merger agreement is terminated:

• (i) by either Parent or the Company pursuant to the end date termination right or failure to obtain stockholder
approval termination right or (ii) by Parent pursuant to Parent’s change of recommendation termination right;

• after the date of the merger agreement and prior to such termination, any person has publicly announced an intention
(whether or not conditional) to make an acquisition proposal or an acquisition proposal has been publicly announced;
and

• within 12 months after the date of such termination, the Company enters into an acquisition proposal (regardless of
whether such acquisition proposal is the same one referred to in the immediately preceding sub-bullet) (provided that
for purposes of this and the immediately preceding sub-bullet, each reference to “15%” in the definition of
acquisition proposal will be deemed to be a reference to “50%”).

Parent Termination Fee and Parent Regulatory Termination Fee

Parent is required to pay or cause to be paid to the Company a termination fee of $56.6 million if the merger agreement is
terminated as follows (which we refer to as the “Parent termination fee”):

• by the Company pursuant to its Company material breach termination right or equity investor failure termination right, if
in either case, at the time of such termination, the Company is not in material breach of its obligations under the merger
agreement; or

• by the Company pursuant to its failure to close termination right if, at the time of such termination, the Company is not in
material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement; or

• by the Company or Parent pursuant to the end date termination right if, at the time of such termination, (i) the antitrust
closing condition or no injunction closing condition have not been satisfied, in the case of the no injunction closing
condition, as a result of any injunction or other order by a governmental authority having competent jurisdiction in
connection with the HSR Act or any other applicable competition or antitrust law, and including, without limitation, and in
the case of the antitrust closing condition or no injunction closing condition, as a result of Parent not agreeing to take an
antitrust

82



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 90/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

action that would constitute a burdensome condition, (ii) as of the end date, all of the other conditions to the obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger have been satisfied (other than conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the closing, but subject to such conditions being capable of being satisfied if the closing date were the date of
termination) (provided that, solely for purposes of determining whether the conditions to solely the obligations of Parent
and Merger Sub to consummate the merger have been satisfied, neither the failure of the antitrust closing condition to be
satisfied nor an injunction or other order by a Governmental Authority having competent jurisdiction in connection with
the HSR Act or any other applicable competition or antitrust law having occurred and that caused the failure of the no
injunction closing condition to be satisfied, in each case in and of itself, will constitute a “Company material adverse
effect”), and (iii) the Company is not in material breach of its obligations under the merger agreement.

However, solely with respect to a termination of the merger agreement in the circumstances described in the first or third bullets
above, if at the time of such termination, (i) Parent or Merger Sub is in Willful Breach of its obligations described in the section
entitled “Reasonable Best Efforts” above (to the extent related to or in connection with obligations thereunder to obtain antitrust or
competition approvals or clearances from any governmental authority) and/or WBA or KKR Americas XII is in Willful Breach of
the antitrust support side letter, (ii) the Company has provided written notice to Parent and/or WBA or KKR Americas XII, as
applicable, regarding such Willful Breach and (iii) following the delivery of such notice, such Willful Breach (if curable) was not
cured by Parent, Merger Sub and/or WBA or KKR Americas XII, as applicable, within 30 days of receipt of such notice (or, if
earlier, by the end date) and the merger agreement is then terminated in the circumstances described in the first or third bullets
above, then Parent will pay or cause to be paid to the Company $113.3 million (which we refer to as the “Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee”).

For the avoidance of doubt, and not withstanding anything to the contrary, the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee may only be
available to the Company, subject to the above terms and conditions, in connection with a Willful Breach by Parent or Merger Sub
of its obligations described in the section entitled “Reasonable Best Efforts” above (to the extent related to or in connection with
obligations thereunder to obtain antitrust or competition approvals or clearances from any governmental authority) or by either (or
both) of WBA or KKR Americas XII of the antitrust support side letter, and in no other instance. Pursuant to the merger agreement,
Parent and Merger Sub have agreed that, upon any termination of the merger agreement under circumstances where the Company
termination fee is payable by the Company pursuant to the merger agreement and such Company termination fee is paid in full,
Parent and Merger Sub will otherwise be precluded from any other remedy against the Company, at law or in equity or otherwise,
and neither Parent nor Merger Sub will seek to obtain any recovery, judgment, or damages of any kind, including consequential,
indirect, or punitive damages, against the Company or any of the Company’s subsidiaries or any of their respective directors,
officers, employees, partners, managers, members, stockholders or affiliates or their respective representatives in connection with
the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated thereby.

Additionally, the parties agreed that the Company’s right to receive the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust
termination fee, as applicable, will be the sole and exclusive remedy of the Company, the stockholders of the Company and their
respective affiliates against Parent, WBA or KKR Americas XII, the financing sources, and certain “non-recourse parties” and
“parent related parties” (as such terms are defined in the merger agreement) for any loss, damage or other liability of any kind
suffered as a result of any breach (including any Willful Breach) of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the
merger agreement, the antitrust support side letter, the debt commitment letter, the equity commitment letters or the limited
guarantees or the failure of any of the transactions contemplated thereby to be consummated, in each case, in any circumstance in
which the Company is permitted to terminate the merger agreement and receive the Parent termination fee or Willful Breach
antitrust termination fee, as applicable. If the Company is so able to terminate the merger agreement, none of the parent related
parties or “lender related parties” (as such term is defined in the merger agreement) will have any further liability or obligation
relating to or arising out of the merger agreement, the antitrust support side letter, the debt commitment letter, the equity
commitment letters, the limited guarantees or the transactions contemplated thereby (or the failure of any such transactions to be
consummated) or as a result of any loss, damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a result of any breach (including any
Willful Breach) of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of such agreements, and none of the Company or any of its
subsidiaries, or any of their respective stockholders or representatives will be able to seek to recover any other monetary damages
from or seek any other remedy against any parent related party or any

83



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 91/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

lender related party based on a claim in law or equity with respect to, any matter relating to or arising out of such agreements or the
transactions contemplated thereby (or the failure of any such transactions to be consummated), including, without limitation, (i) any
loss suffered as a result of the failure of the merger to be consummated, (ii) the termination of the merger agreement or (iii) any
liabilities or obligations arising under the merger agreement, the antitrust support side letter, the debt commitment letter, the equity
commitment letters or the limited guarantees or any loss, damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a result of any breach
(including any Willful Breach) of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of such agreements, provided, however that
nothing in the merger agreement will limit the rights and remedies of the Company and its Affiliates under the confidentiality
agreements the Company entered into with KKR and WBA.

The merger agreement also provides that, in the event that the Company is not permitted to terminate the merger agreement and
receive either the Parent termination fee or the Willful Breach antitrust termination fee, as applicable, in no event will the Company
or the stockholders of the Company and their respective affiliates be entitled to monetary damages, individually or in the aggregate,
in excess of the amount equal to the amount of the Parent termination fee, as applicable, for any loss, damage or other liability of
any kind suffered as a result of any breach (including Willful Breach) under the merger agreement, the antitrust support side letter,
the debt commitment letter, the equity commitment letters, the limited guarantees, or otherwise arising out of or in connection with
the transactions contemplated thereby.

Expenses

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with the merger agreement will
be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense.

Amendment

Subject to compliance with applicable law, the merger agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after
approval of the matters presented in connection with the merger by the stockholders of the Company; provided, however, that after
any such approval, no amendment will be made which by law requires further approval by such stockholders without such further
approval.

Governing Law

The merger agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving
regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.

Specific Performance

The Company, Parent and Merger Sub will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened
breaches of the merger agreement or the debt commitment letter or equity commitment letters, and to specifically enforce the terms
and provisions of the merger agreement or the debt commitment letter or equity commitment letters to prevent breaches or
threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of the other (as applicable) under the merger
agreement or the debt commitment letter or equity commitment letters, without proof of actual damages or inadequacy of legal
remedy and without bond or other security being required. The merger agreement further provides that (i) in no event will the
Company be entitled to seek to enforce specifically the obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger if a debt
financing failure has occurred and (ii) the Company will be entitled to enforce or seek to enforce specifically the obligations of
Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the merger (and/or draw down the proceeds of the equity financing) if and only if:

• all the conditions to Parent’s obligation to complete the transaction have been satisfied (other than conditions that by their
nature are to be satisfied at the closing, but subject to the satisfaction of those conditions at the closing) at the time when
the closing is required to occur pursuant to the merger agreement;

• the debt financing is available for immediate drawdown in accordance with its terms if the equity financing is funded at
the closing; and

• the Company has irrevocably confirmed in writing that if specific performance is granted, then the Company will take
such actions to ensure that closing will occur.

84



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 92/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ADVISORY VOTE ON NAMED EXECUTIVE OFFICER MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION
(PROPOSAL 2)

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, the Company is required to submit
a proposal to the Company’s stockholders for a non-binding, advisory vote to approve the payment by the Company of certain
compensation to the named executive officers of the Company that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger. This proposal,
commonly known as “say-on-golden parachutes,” and which we refer to as the compensation proposal, gives the Company’s
stockholders the opportunity to vote, on a non-binding, advisory basis, on the compensation that the named executive officers may
be entitled to receive from the Company that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger. This compensation is summarized in the
table and footnotes thereto under “The Merger (Proposal 1)—Interests of the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger” beginning on page 54 of this proxy statement.

The board encourages you to review carefully the named executive officer merger-related compensation information disclosed in
this proxy statement.

The board unanimously recommends that the Company’s stockholders approve the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of PharMerica Corporation hereby approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the
compensation to be paid or become payable by the Company to its named executive officers that is based on or otherwise
relates to the merger as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the Golden Parachute Compensation table and
the footnotes to that table.”

The vote on the named executive officer merger-related compensation proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote on the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement. Accordingly, you may vote to approve and adopt the merger agreement and vote not to
approve the named executive officer merger-related compensation proposal and vice versa. Because the vote on the named
executive officer merger-related compensation proposal is advisory only, it will not be binding on the Company or Parent.
Accordingly, if the merger agreement is adopted and the merger is completed, the compensation will be payable, subject only to the
conditions applicable thereto, regardless of the outcome of the non-binding, advisory vote of the Company’s stockholders.

The above resolution approving the merger-related compensation of the Company’s named executive officers on an advisory basis
will require the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock present or represented by proxy at the
special meeting and entitled to vote thereon.

The board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the compensation proposal.

85



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 93/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

VOTE ON ADJOURNMENT (PROPOSAL 3)

The Company’s stockholders are being asked to approve a proposal that will give us authority to adjourn the special meeting from
time to time, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the merger proposal if there are
not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to adopt the merger agreement. If this adjournment proposal is approved, the
special meeting could be adjourned by the Chairman of the board or, in the event of his or her absence or disability, the other
presiding officer chosen by the board to any date for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in favor of the merger proposal if
there are not sufficient votes at the time of the special meeting. If there is not a quorum present at the special meeting, under our by-
laws the special meeting may be adjourned by the Chairman of the board or, in the event of his or her absence or disability, the other
presiding officer chosen by the board or by vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock present or represented
by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon. In addition, the board could postpone the special meeting before it
commences, whether for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies or for other reasons. If the special meeting is adjourned,
stockholders who have already submitted their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use. If you sign and
return a proxy and do not indicate how you wish to vote on any proposal, or if you sign and return a proxy and do not indicate a
choice on the adjournment proposal, your shares of common stock will be voted in favor of the adjournment proposal. PharMerica
does not intend to call a vote on this proposal if the merger proposal has been approved at the special meeting.

Approval of the adjournment proposal requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of common stock
present or represented by proxy at the special meeting and entitled to vote thereon.

The board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

86



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 94/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MARKET PRICE OF THE COMPANY’S COMMON STOCK

The common stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol “PMC.”

The following table sets forth during the periods indicated the high and low sales prices of common stock:
 Market Price
 High Low
2017       
First Quarter $ 27.50 $ 22.00 
Second Quarter $ 26.75 $ 22.35 
Third Quarter (through September 28, 2017) $ 29.40 $ 24.85 
2016       
First Quarter $ 35.00 $ 19.79 
Second Quarter $ 27.46 $ 21.30 
Third Quarter $ 28.44 $ 21.01 
Fourth Quarter $ 28.72 $ 19.20 
2015       
First Quarter $ 28.64 $ 20.25 
Second Quarter $ 33.90 $ 26.60 
Third Quarter $ 36.96 $ 27.33 
Fourth Quarter $ 35.81 $ 26.62 

The closing sale price of our common stock on August 1, 2017, which was the last trading day before the merger was publicly
announced, was $25.05 per share. On September 28, 2017, the most recent practicable date before this proxy statement was mailed
to our stockholders, the closing price for our common stock was $29.25 per share. You are encouraged to obtain current market
quotations for our common stock in connection with voting your shares of our common stock.

As of September 28, 2017, there were 31,118,927 shares of common stock outstanding, held by approximately 2,175 holders of
record.

The Company has never paid a cash dividend on the common stock and does not expect to pay cash dividends on the common stock
in the foreseeable future. Under the terms of the merger agreement, from the date of the merger agreement until the earlier of the
effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, we may not declare or pay dividends to our common
stockholders without Parent’s written consent. The Company’s Credit Agreement, dated September 17, 2014, with Bank of
America, N.A. as administrative agent, as amended, also limits our ability to declare and pay dividends or other distributions on our
shares of common stock.

87



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 95/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of our common stock as of September 28,
2017 with respect to:

• the Company’s named executives officer

• the Company’s directors

• the Company’s directors and executive officers as a group, and

• each person or entity that we know (based on filings of Schedules 13D and 13G with the SEC) to be the beneficial owner
of more than 5% of any class of our voting securities.

Unless otherwise indicated below, the address of these parties is 1901 Campus Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299.

We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, we
believe, based on the information furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and
investment power with respect to all shares of common stock that they beneficially own, subject to applicable community property
laws.

As of September 28, 2017, there were 31,118,927 shares of common stock outstanding. Beneficial ownership is determined in
accordance with the rules of the SEC and generally includes voting or investment power with respect to securities. Shares of
common stock and restricted stock units, options, warrants and convertible securities that will vest or are currently exercisable or
convertible within 60 days of September 28, 2017 into shares of common stock are deemed to be outstanding and to be beneficially
owned by the person holding the restricted stock units, options, warrants or convertible securities for the purpose of computing the
percentage ownership of the person.

Name of Beneficial Owner

Amount and Nature
of Beneficial
Ownership

Percent of
Class

Named Executive Officers, Directors and Nominees       
Gregory Weishar(1)  1,093,666  3.51%
Thomas Caneris(1)  78,959   *
Robert McKay  70,672   *
Frank Collins  56,606   *
Suresh-Kumar Vishnubhatla(1)  58,685   *
Robert Oakley  52,458   *
David Froesel, Jr.  61,443   *
Marjorie Dorr(2)  53,872   *
Patrick LePore  24,753   *
Berard Tomassetti(1)  11,352   *
Geoffrey Meyers(2)  54,423   *
W. Robert Dahl, Jr.(2)  51,925   *
Robert E. Dries  0   *
All directors, nominees and executive officers of the Company as a group (13

Persons)  1,668,814  5.36%
Other Security Holders with More Than 5% Ownership       
BlackRock, Inc.(3)  3,622,090  11.64%
Dimensional Fund Advisors LP(4)  2,496,326  8.02%
FMR, LLC(5)  1,915,818  6.16%

(1) Includes for the following persons shares of common stock which may be acquired pursuant to the exercise of vested stock options: Mr. Weishar—182,801,
Mr. Caneris—9,588, Mr. Vishnubhatla—20,719, and Mr. Tomassetti—2,964.

(2) Includes restricted stock deferred at the election of the director as follows: Mr. Dahl—40,576, Mrs. Dorr—40,576, and Mr. Meyers—35,683.

88



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 96/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(3) The shares of common stock included in the table are based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on January 17, 2017, in which BlackRock, Inc.
states that it has sole voting power over 3,622,090 shares of common stock and sole dispositive power over 3,696,811 shares of common stock. Its business
address is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY 10055.

(4) The shares of common stock included in the table are based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed with the SEC on February 9, 2017, in which Dimensional Fund
Advisors LP states that it has sole voting power over 2,496,326 shares of common stock and sole dispositive power over 2,597,642 shares of common stock. Its
business address is Building One, 6300 Bee Cave Road, Austin, TX 78746.

(5) The shares of common stock included in the table are based solely on the Schedule 13G filed with the SEC on February 14, 2017, in which FMR LLC states
that it has sole voting power over 1,915,818 shares of common stock and sole dispositive power over 2,290,318 shares of common stock. Its business address
is 245 Summer Street, Boston, MA 02210.

89



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 97/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

RIGHTS OF APPRAISAL

The following discussion summarizes appraisal rights under the DGCL. The following discussion is not a complete statement of the
law relating to appraisal rights and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262 of the DGCL, referred to as “Section
262,” which is attached to this proxy statement as Annex E. The following summary does not constitute legal or other advice, nor
does it constitute a recommendation that stockholders exercise their appraisal rights under Section 262.

Under Section 262, holders of shares of common stock who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and who
otherwise follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 will be entitled to have their shares appraised by the Delaware Court of
Chancery and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares, exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, together with interest, if any, to be
paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value.

Under Section 262, where a merger agreement is to be submitted for adoption and approval at a meeting of stockholders, the
corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to appraisal rights that appraisal
rights are available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy statement shall constitute such notice, and the full
text of Section 262 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex E.

ANY HOLDER OF COMMON STOCK WHO WISHES TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS, OR WHO WISHES TO
PRESERVE SUCH HOLDER’S RIGHT TO DO SO, SHOULD CAREFULLY REVIEW THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION AND
ANNEX E BECAUSE FAILURE TO TIMELY AND PROPERLY COMPLY WITH THE PROCEDURES SPECIFIED WILL
RESULT IN THE LOSS OF APPRAISAL RIGHTS. MOREOVER, BECAUSE OF THE COMPLEXITY OF THE PROCEDURES
FOR EXERCISING THE RIGHT TO SEEK APPRAISAL OF SHARES OF COMMON STOCK, PHARMERICA BELIEVES
THAT, IF A STOCKHOLDER CONSIDERS EXERCISING SUCH RIGHTS, SUCH STOCKHOLDER SHOULD SEEK THE
ADVICE OF LEGAL COUNSEL.

Filing Written Demand

Any holder of common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must, before the stockholder vote on the adoption of the merger
agreement at the special meeting is taken, deliver to PharMerica a written demand for the appraisal of the stockholder’s shares, and
not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. A holder of common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must hold
of record the shares on the date the written demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold the shares of record through the
effective date of the merger. The holder must not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement. A proxy that is submitted
and does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, and it will
effectively constitute a waiver of the stockholder’s right of appraisal and will effectively nullify any previously delivered written
demand for appraisal. Therefore, a stockholder who submits a proxy and who wishes to exercise appraisal rights must submit a
proxy containing instructions to vote against the adoption of the merger agreement or abstain from voting on the adoption of the
merger agreement. Neither voting against the adoption of the merger agreement, nor abstaining from voting or failing to vote on the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement, will in and of itself constitute a written demand for appraisal satisfying the requirements of
Section 262. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote on the adoption of the
merger agreement. The demand must reasonably inform PharMerica of the identity of the holder as well as the intention of the
holder to demand an appraisal of the “fair value” of the shares held by the holder. A stockholder’s failure to make the written
demand prior to the taking of the vote on the adoption of the merger agreement at the special meeting of stockholders will constitute
a waiver of appraisal rights.

Only a holder of record of shares of common stock is entitled to demand an appraisal of the shares registered in that holder’s name.
A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of common stock should be executed by or on behalf of the holder of record. The
demand should set forth the registered holder’s name as it appears on the holder’s stock certificates. A demand for appraisal will be
sufficient if it reasonably informs PharMerica of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand
the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or
custodian, execution of the demand must be made in that capacity, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one person, as
in a joint tenancy and tenancy-in-common, the demand must be executed by or on behalf of all joint

90



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 98/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

owners. An authorized agent, including an agent for two or more joint owners, may execute a demand for appraisal on behalf of a
holder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners and expressly disclose that, in executing the demand,
the agent is acting as agent for the record owner or owners. If the shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or nominee, the
broker, bank or nominee may exercise appraisal rights with respect to the shares held for one or more beneficial owners while not
exercising the rights with respect to the shares held for other beneficial owners; in such case, however, the written demand should
set forth the number of shares as to which appraisal is sought. Where no number of shares is expressly mentioned, the demand will
be presumed to cover all shares of common stock held in the name of the record owner. If a stockholder holds shares of common
stock through a broker who in turn holds the shares through a central securities depository nominee such as Cede & Co., a demand
for appraisal of such shares must be made by or on behalf of the depository nominee and must identify the depository nominee as
record holder. Stockholders who hold their shares in brokerage accounts or other nominee forms and who wish to exercise appraisal
rights are urged to consult with their brokers or other nominees to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand
for appraisal by such a nominee.

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 should be sent or delivered to PharMerica at:

PharMerica Corporation
1901 Campus Place

Louisville, Kentucky 40299
Attention: General Counsel and Secretary

At any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger, any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding
or joined that proceeding as a named party may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and accept the consideration offered
pursuant to the merger agreement by delivering to PharMerica, as the surviving corporation, a written withdrawal of the demand for
appraisal. However, any such attempt to withdraw the demand made more than 60 days after the effective date of the merger will
require written approval of PharMerica, as the surviving corporation. No appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery
will be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery, and such approval may be
conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems just; provided, however, that any stockholder who has not
commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal
and accept the merger consideration offered pursuant to the merger agreement within 60 days after the effective date of the merger.
If PharMerica, as the surviving corporation, does not approve a request to withdraw a demand for appraisal when that approval is
required, or, except with respect to any stockholder who withdraws such stockholder’s demand in accordance with the proviso in the
immediately preceding sentence, if the Delaware Court of Chancery does not approve the dismissal of an appraisal proceeding with
respect to a stockholder, the stockholder will be entitled to receive only the appraised value determined in any such appraisal
proceeding, which value could be less than, equal to or more than the consideration being offered pursuant to the merger agreement.

Notice by the Surviving Corporation

Within ten days after the effective date of the merger, PharMerica, as the surviving corporation, must notify each holder of common
stock who has complied with Section 262, and who has not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement, of the date on
which the merger became effective.

Filing a Petition for Appraisal

Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger, but not thereafter, PharMerica, as the surviving corporation, or any holder of
common stock who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262, may commence an appraisal
proceeding by filing a petition in the Delaware Court of Chancery, with a copy served upon the surviving corporation in the case of
a petition filed by a stockholder, demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares held by all such holders. PharMerica, as
the surviving corporation, is under no obligation to and has no present intention to file a petition and holders should not assume that
PharMerica as the surviving corporation will file a petition. Accordingly, any holders of common stock who desire to have their
shares appraised should initiate all necessary action to perfect their appraisal rights in respect of shares of common stock within the
time prescribed in Section 262. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger, any holder of common stock who has
complied with the requirements of

91



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 99/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 262 will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from PharMerica as the surviving corporation a statement setting forth
the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and with respect to which demands for
appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. The statement must be mailed within ten days
after a written request therefor has been received by PharMerica as the surviving corporation or within ten days after the expiration
of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal, whichever is later. The foregoing notwithstanding, a person who is the beneficial
owner of shares of common stock held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own
name, file a petition or request from PharMerica as the surviving corporation the statement described in this paragraph. If a petition
for appraisal is not timely filed, then the right to appraisal will cease.

If a petition for an appraisal is timely filed by a holder of shares of common stock and a copy thereof is served upon PharMerica as
the surviving corporation, PharMerica as the surviving corporation will then be obligated within 20 days to file with the Delaware
Register in Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded an appraisal of
their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached. After notice to the stockholders, the
Delaware Court of Chancery will conduct a hearing on the petition to determine those stockholders who have complied with Section
262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights thereunder. The Delaware Court of Chancery may require the stockholders
who demanded payment for their shares to submit their stock certificates to the Delaware Register in Chancery for notation thereon
of the pendency of the appraisal proceeding; and if any stockholder fails to comply with the direction, the Delaware Court of
Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder.

Determination of Fair Value

After the Delaware Court of Chancery’s determination of the stockholders entitled to appraisal of their shares of common stock, an
appraisal proceeding shall be conducted in accordance with the rules of the Delaware Court of Chancery, including any rules
specifically governing appraisal proceedings. Through this proceeding, the Delaware Court of Chancery will determine the fair
value of the shares of common stock as of the effective time of the merger exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair
value. Unless the Delaware Court of Chancery in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest from the
effective date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment shall be compounded quarterly and shall accrue at 5% over
the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established from time to time during the period between the effective
date of the merger and the date of payment of the judgment. When the value is determined, the Delaware Court of Chancery will
direct the payment of such fair value, with interest, if any, by the surviving corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. At any
time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings, the surviving corporation may pay to each stockholder entitled to appraisal an
amount in cash, in which case interest will accrue thereafter as provided in Section 262 of the DGCL only upon the sum of (1) the
difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the fair value of the shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery,
and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time. Upon application by the surviving corporation or by any stockholder
entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Delaware Court of Chancery may, in its discretion, proceed to trial upon the
appraisal prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name appears on the
list filed by the surviving corporation pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL and who has submitted such stockholder’s stock
certificates to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that
such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL.

In determining fair value, the Delaware Court of Chancery is required to take into account all relevant factors. In Weinberger v.
UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal
proceeding, stating that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial
community and otherwise admissible in court” should be considered and that “[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company.” The Delaware Supreme Court has stated that, in making this determination of
fair value, the court must consider market value, asset value, dividends, earnings prospects, the nature of the enterprise and any
other factors which could be ascertained as of the date of the merger which throw any light on future prospects of the merged
corporation. Section 262 of the DGCL provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the

92



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 100/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass known elements of value,” but
which rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the
Delaware Supreme Court construed Section 262 of the DGCL to mean that “elements of future value, including the nature of the
enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the merger and not the product of speculation, may be
considered.” An opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration payable
in a merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value under Section 262 of the DGCL. No
representation is made as to the outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery. In
addition, Delaware courts have decided that the statutory appraisal remedy, depending on factual circumstances, may or may not be
a dissenter’s exclusive remedy. You should be aware that the fair value of your shares as determined under Section 262 of the
DGCL could be greater than, the same as, or less than the merger consideration that you would otherwise be entitled to
receive under the terms of the merger agreement. The Company does not anticipate offering greater than the merger
consideration to any stockholder who exercises appraisal rights and reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding,
that, for purposes of Section 262 of the DGCL, the fair value of the Common Stock shares is less than the merger
consideration.

Costs of the appraisal proceeding may be imposed upon the surviving corporation and the stockholders participating in the appraisal
proceeding by the Delaware Court of Chancery as the Delaware Court of Chancery deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon the
application of a stockholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any stockholder
in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of
experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all shares entitled to appraisal. Any stockholder who has demanded appraisal
rights will not, after the effective date of the merger, be entitled to vote such shares for any purpose or to receive payments of
dividends or any other distribution with respect to those shares, other than dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders
of record at a date prior to the effective date of the merger; however, if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the
effective date of the merger, or if the stockholder delivers a written withdrawal of his, her or its demand for appraisal and an
acceptance of the terms of the merger, either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or thereafter with the written
approval of the corporation, then the right of that stockholder to appraisal will cease and that stockholder will be entitled to receive
the merger consideration, without interest, for shares of his, her or its common stock pursuant to the merger agreement.

In view of the complexity of Section 262 of the DGCL, our stockholders who may wish to dissent from the merger and
pursue appraisal rights should consult their legal advisor. To the extent there are any inconsistencies between the foregoing
summary and Section 262 of the DGCL, the DGCL shall govern.

MULTIPLE STOCKHOLDERS SHARING ONE ADDRESS

In accordance with Rule 14a-3(e)(1) under the Exchange Act, one proxy statement will be delivered to two or more stockholders
who share an address, unless PharMerica has received contrary instructions from one or more of the stockholders. PharMerica will
deliver promptly upon written or oral request a separate copy of the proxy statement to a stockholder at a shared address to which a
single copy of the proxy statement was delivered. Requests for additional copies of the proxy statement should be directed to
PharMerica Corporation, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 1901 Campus Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299 or by contacting the
Corporate Secretary at (502) 627-7000. In addition, stockholders who share a single address, but receive multiple copies of the
proxy statement, may request that in the future they receive a single copy by contacting the Company at the address and phone
number set forth in the prior sentence.

SUBMISSION OF STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the merger is completed, we may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2018. If the merger is not completed, you will
continue to be entitled to attend and participate in our annual meetings of stockholders, and we will hold a 2018 annual meeting of
stockholders, in which case we will provide notice of or otherwise publicly disclose the date on which such 2018 annual meeting
will be held. If the 2018 annual meeting is held, stockholder proposals will be eligible for consideration for inclusion in the proxy
statement and form of proxy for our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act
and our by-laws, as described below.

93



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 101/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Pursuant to the various rules promulgated by the SEC, stockholders interested in submitting a proposal for inclusion in our proxy
materials and for presentation at the 2018 annual meeting of stockholders (if one is held) may do so by following the procedures set
forth in Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act. To be eligible for inclusion in such proxy materials, stockholder proposals must have
been received by the Secretary of the Company at our principal executive offices no later than January 2, 2018. In order for
proposals of stockholders made outside of Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act to be considered “timely” within the meaning of Rule
14a-4(c) under the Exchange Act and under our by-laws, such proposals must have been received by the Secretary of the Company
at our principal executive offices by January 2, 2018.

Under our by-laws, and as permitted by the rules of the SEC, certain procedures are provided that a stockholder must follow to
nominate persons for election as directors or to introduce an item of business at an annual meeting of stockholders. These
procedures provide that nominations for director nominees and/or an item of business to be introduced at an annual meeting of
stockholders must be submitted in writing to the Secretary of the Company at our principal executive offices. We must receive the
notice of your intention to introduce a nomination (other than a proxy access director nomination pursuant to Section 1.14 of the by-
laws) (“Advance Notice”) or to propose an item of business at our 2018 annual meeting of stockholders:

• not fewer than 90 days nor more than 120 days prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting (which
meeting date will be June 14, 2018); or

• if the date of the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 70 days after such anniversary date, not earlier
than 120 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to
such annual meeting or the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
made.

We must receive notice of your intention to introduce an Advance Notice director nomination or other item of business at that
meeting not earlier than February 14, 2018 and not later than March 16, 2018. If we do not receive notice during that period, or if
we meet certain other requirements of the SEC rules, the persons named as proxies in the proxy materials relating to that meeting
will use their discretion in voting the proxies when these matters are raised at the meeting.

We must receive the notice of your intention to introduce a proxy access director nomination pursuant to Section 1.14 of the by-laws
(“Proxy Access”) no fewer than 120 days nor more than 150 days prior to the first anniversary of the date the definitive proxy
statement was first sent to stockholders in connection with the preceding year’s annual meeting or stockholders. We must receive
notice of your intention to introduce a Proxy Access director nomination not earlier than December 4, 2017 and not later than
January 2, 2018. If we do not receive notice during that period, or if we meet certain other requirements of the SEC rules, the
persons named as proxies in the proxy materials relating to that meeting will use their discretion in voting the proxies when these
matters are raised at the meeting.

Notice of a proposed item of business must include:

• the name and address of the stockholder giving the notice and any beneficial owner on whose behalf the nomination or
proposal is made, as they appear on the Company’s books;

• the class and number of shares of the Company which are owned of record by such stockholder and beneficially by such
beneficial owner;

• any derivative positions with respect to shares of common stock of the Company held or beneficially held by or on behalf
of such stockholder and by or on behalf of such beneficial owner, the extent to which any hedging or other transaction or
series of transactions has been entered into with respect to the shares of common stock of the Company by or on behalf of
such stockholder and by or on behalf of such beneficial owner, and the extent to which any other agreement, arrangement
or understanding has been made, the effect or intent of which is to increase or decrease the voting power of such
stockholder and such beneficial owner with respect to shares of common stock of the Company;

• a representation that the stockholder is a holder of record of stock of the Company entitled to vote at such meeting and
intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to propose such business or nomination; and

94



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 102/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

• a representation whether the stockholder or the beneficial owner, if any, intends or is part of a group which intends (i) to
deliver a proxy statement and/or form of proxy to holders of at least the percentage of the Company’s outstanding capital
stock required to approve or adopt the proposal or elect the nominee and/or (ii) otherwise to solicit proxies from
stockholders in support of such proposal or nomination.

With respect to both Advance Notice and Proxy Access director nominations, the notice must include (as to each person whom the
stockholder proposes to nominate for election or reelection as a director):

• all information relating to such person that is required to be disclosed in solicitations of proxies for election of directors, or
is otherwise required, in each case pursuant to Regulation 14A under the Exchange Act, or any successor provisions,
including such person’s written consent to being named in the proxy statement as a nominee and to serving as a director if
elected; and

• a statement whether such person, if elected, intends to tender, promptly following such person’s election or reelection, an
irrevocable resignation effective upon such person’s failure to receive the required vote for reelection at the next meeting
at which such person would face reelection and upon acceptance of such resignation by the Board, in accordance with the
Company’s by-laws.

With respect to Proxy Access director nominations, notice must provide additional information, including:

• a written agreement by the stockholder providing certain information to the Company and making certain representations
and undertakings regarding various matters, including that the stockholder meets the eligibility requirements for proxy
access and will meet such requirements through the date of the annual meeting, the stockholder’s intent of compliance
with applicable laws, lack of an intent to change or influence control of the Company or participate in another party’s
contested solicitation for directors, and an undertaking to assume liability stemming from the information that the
stockholder provides to the Company or the stockholder’s communications; and

• written agreement by the proxy access nominee providing certain information to the Company and making certain
representations and undertakings regarding various matters, including that such person is not and will not become a party
to any agreement, arrangement or understanding with respect to compensation for service as a nominee and the nominee’s
agreement to, if elected, comply with all of the Company’s policies and guidelines as applicable to directors.

Notice of a proposed item of business must include:

• a brief description of the business desired to be brought before the meeting;

• the text of the proposal or business (including the text of any resolutions proposed for consideration and in the event that
such business includes a proposal to amend the by-laws of the Company, the language of the proposed amendment);

• the reasons for conducting such business at the meeting; and

• any material interest in such business of such stockholder and of any beneficial owner on whose behalf the proposal is
made.

The chairman of the annual meeting may refuse to allow the transaction of any business, or to acknowledge the nomination of any
person, not made in compliance with the foregoing procedures.

95



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 103/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

The Company files annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. You may read and
copy any reports, proxy statements or other information that we file with the SEC at the following location of the SEC:

Public Reference Room
100 F Street, N.E.

Washington, D.C. 20549

Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. You may also obtain copies of this
information by mail from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates.
The Company’s public filings are also available to the public from document retrieval services and the Internet website maintained
by the SEC at www.sec.gov.

The Company will make available a copy of its public reports, without charge, upon written request to PharMerica Corporation,
Attn: Corporate Secretary, 1901 Campus Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299. Each such request must set forth a good faith
representation that, as of the record date, the person making the request was a beneficial owner of common stock entitled to vote at
the special meeting. In order to ensure timely delivery of such documents prior to the special meeting, any such request should be
made promptly to the Company and in no event later than five business days prior to the date of the special meeting, or no later than
November 2, 2017. A copy of any exhibit may be obtained upon written request by a stockholder (for a fee limited to the
Company’s reasonable expenses in furnishing such exhibit) to PharMerica Corporation, Attn: Corporate Secretary, 1901 Campus
Place, Louisville, Kentucky 40299.

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” into this proxy statement documents we file with the SEC. This means that we can
disclose important information to you by referring you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered
to be a part of this proxy statement, and later information that we file with the SEC will update and supersede that information.
Information in documents that is deemed, in accordance with SEC rules, to be furnished and not filed shall not be deemed to be
incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. We incorporate by reference the documents listed below and any documents
filed by us pursuant to Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this proxy statement, and prior to the
date of the special meeting:

• Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC on February 24, 2017;

• Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 10, 2017 and August 2, 2017;

• Definitive Proxy Statement for the Company’s 2017 Annual Meeting, filed with the SEC on May 1, 2017; and

• Current Reports on Form 8-K (only to the extent “filed” and not “furnished”), filed with the SEC on February 1, 2017,
March 30, 2017, April 21, 2017, June 19, 2017, August 2, 2017 and August 3, 2017.

No persons have been authorized to give any information or to make any representations other than those contained in this proxy
statement and, if given or made, such information or representations must not be relied upon as having been authorized by us or any
other person. This proxy statement is dated October 3, 2017. You should not assume that the information contained in this proxy
statement is accurate as of any date other than that date, and the mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders shall not create any
implication to the contrary.

96



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 104/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex A

Execution Version

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
   

dated as of
   

August 1, 2017
   

among
   

PharMerica Corporation,
   

Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc.
   

and
   

Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 105/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS
     PAGE 
       

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

       
SECTION 1.01. DEFINITIONS  A-1 
SECTION 1.02. OTHER DEFINITIONAL AND INTERPRETATIVE PROVISIONS  A-8 
     

ARTICLE 2
[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

     
ARTICLE 3
THE MERGER

SECTION 3.01. THE MERGER  A-8 
SECTION 3.02. CONVERSION OF SHARES  A-9 
SECTION 3.03. SURRENDER AND PAYMENT  A-9 
SECTION 3.04. DISSENTING SHARES  A-10 
SECTION 3.05. TREATMENT OF EQUITY AWARDS  A-11 
SECTION 3.06. ADJUSTMENTS  A-11 
SECTION 3.07. WITHHOLDING RIGHTS  A-12 
SECTION 3.08. LOST CERTIFICATES  A-12 
     

ARTICLE 4
THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

     
SECTION 4.01. CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION  A-12 
SECTION 4.02. BYLAWS  A-12 
SECTION 4.03. DIRECTORS AND OFFICERS  A-12 
     

ARTICLE 5
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

     
SECTION 5.01. CORPORATE EXISTENCE AND POWER  A-12 
SECTION 5.02. CORPORATE AUTHORIZATION  A-13 
SECTION 5.03. GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION  A-13 
SECTION 5.04. NON-CONTRAVENTION  A-13 
SECTION 5.05. CAPITALIZATION  A-13 
SECTION 5.06. SUBSIDIARIES  A-14 
SECTION 5.07. SEC FILINGS; INTERNAL CONTROL  A-15 
SECTION 5.08. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS  A-15 
SECTION 5.09. PROXY STATEMENT  A-16 
SECTION 5.10. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN CHANGES  A-16 
SECTION 5.11. NO UNDISCLOSED MATERIAL LIABILITIES  A-16 
SECTION 5.12. COMPLIANCE WITH LAWS; PERMITS; REGULATORY MATTERS  A-16 
SECTION 5.13. LITIGATION  A-19 
SECTION 5.14. PROPERTIES  A-19 
SECTION 5.15. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY  A-19 
SECTION 5.16. TAXES  A-20 
SECTION 5.17. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS  A-21 
SECTION 5.18. EMPLOYEE AND LABOR MATTERS  A-22 

A-i



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 106/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION 5.19. ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS  A-22 
SECTION 5.20. MATERIAL CONTRACTS  A-23 
SECTION 5.21. FINDERS’ FEES  A-24 
SECTION 5.22. OPINION OF FINANCIAL ADVISOR  A-24 
SECTION 5.23. ANTITAKEOVER STATUTES; RIGHTS PLAN  A-24 
SECTION 5.24. INSURANCE  A-24 
     

ARTICLE 6
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT

     
SECTION 6.01. CORPORATE EXISTENCE AND POWER  A-25 
SECTION 6.02. CORPORATE AUTHORIZATION  A-25 
SECTION 6.03. GOVERNMENTAL AUTHORIZATION  A-25 
SECTION 6.04. NON-CONTRAVENTION  A-25 
SECTION 6.05. PROXY STATEMENT  A-25 
SECTION 6.06. FINDERS’ FEES  A-26 
SECTION 6.07. FINANCING  A-26 
SECTION 6.08. LIMITED GUARANTEE; SUPPORT AGREEMENT  A-26 
SECTION 6.09. LITIGATION  A-27 
SECTION 6.10. OWNERSHIP OF SHARES  A-27 
SECTION 6.11. ABSENCE OF CERTAIN AGREEMENTS  A-27 
SECTION 6.12. MANAGEMENT AGREEMENTS  A-27 
SECTION 6.13. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF NO OTHER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  A-27 
     

ARTICLE 7
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

     
SECTION 7.01. CONDUCT OF THE COMPANY  A-27 
SECTION 7.02. ACCESS TO INFORMATION  A-29 
SECTION 7.03. NO-SOLICITATION  A-29 
     

ARTICLE 8
COVENANTS OF PARENT

     
SECTION 8.01. CONDUCT OF PARENT  A-32 
SECTION 8.02. OBLIGATIONS OF MERGER SUB  A-32 
SECTION 8.03. DIRECTOR AND OFFICER LIABILITY  A-32 
SECTION 8.04. EMPLOYEE MATTERS  A-33 
SECTION 8.05. TRANSFER TAXES  A-34 
SECTION 8.06. FINANCING  A-35 
SECTION 8.07. FINANCING COOPERATION  A-36 
     

ARTICLE 9
COVENANTS OF PARENT AND THE COMPANY

     
SECTION 9.01. REGULATORY UNDERTAKINGS; EFFORTS  A-37 
SECTION 9.02. CERTAIN FILINGS  A-38 
SECTION 9.03. PROXY STATEMENT; STOCKHOLDERS MEETING  A-39 
SECTION 9.04. PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENTS  A-40 
SECTION 9.05. FURTHER ASSURANCE  A-40 
SECTION 9.06. SECTION 16 MATTERS  A-40 
SECTION 9.07. NOTICES OF CERTAIN EVENTS  A-40 

A-ii



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 107/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECTION 9.08. STOCK EXCHANGE DE-LISTING  A-40 
SECTION 9.09. LITIGATION AND PROCEEDINGS  A-40 
SECTION 9.10. TAKEOVER STATUTES  A-41 
SECTION 9.11. UNION NOTICE REQUIREMENTS  A-41 
SECTION 9.12. CREDIT AGREEMENT PAY-OFF  A-41 
     

ARTICLE 10
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

     
SECTION 10.01. CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF EACH PARTY  A-41 
SECTION 10.02. CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB  A-41 
SECTION 10.03. CONDITIONS TO THE OBLIGATIONS OF THE COMPANY  A-42 
     

ARTICLE 11
TERMINATION

     
SECTION 11.01. TERMINATION  A-42 
SECTION 11.02. EFFECT OF TERMINATION  A-44 
     

ARTICLE 12
MISCELLANEOUS

     
SECTION 12.01. NOTICES  A-44 
SECTION 12.02. NO SURVIVAL OF REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  A-45 
SECTION 12.03. AMENDMENTS AND WAIVERS  A-45 
SECTION 12.04. EXPENSES  A-45 
SECTION 12.05. DISCLOSURE SCHEDULE  A-48 
SECTION 12.06. BINDING EFFECT; BENEFIT; ASSIGNMENT  A-48 
SECTION 12.07. GOVERNING LAW  A-48 
SECTION 12.08. JURISDICTION  A-48 
SECTION 12.09. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL  A-49 
SECTION 12.10. COUNTERPARTS; EFFECTIVENESS  A-49 
SECTION 12.11. ENTIRE AGREEMENT  A-49 
SECTION 12.12. SEVERABILITY  A-49 
SECTION 12.13. SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE  A-50 
SECTION 12.14. NO THIRD-PARTY BENEFICIARIES  A-50 
SECTION 12.15. NO RECOURSE  A-50 

Exhibit A – Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation

A-iii



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 108/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) dated as of August 1, 2017, among PharMerica Corporation, a
Delaware corporation (the “Company”), Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Parent”), and Phoenix Merger
Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”).

W I T N E S S E T H :

WHEREAS, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, Parent desires to acquire the Company and Merger Sub
shall be merged with and into the Company (the “Merger”), with the Company surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary
of Parent;

WHEREAS, the Board of the Company (the “Board”) has (i) determined that this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated hereby are fair to and in the best interests of the Company’s stockholders, (ii) approved, adopted and declared
advisable this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, and (iii) resolved, subject to Section 7.03(c), to recommend
acceptance of this Agreement and all of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, by the stockholders
of the Company (such recommendation, the “Company Recommendation” and the actions taken in clauses (i), (ii) and (iii), the
“Board Actions”).

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to the Company’s willingness to enter into this Agreement, concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, each of the Equity Investors has delivered to the Company a Limited Guarantee, pursuant to which
each Equity Investor has, severally and not jointly, guaranteed certain obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under this Agreement
on the terms and conditions set forth in such Limited Guarantee;

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to the Company’s willingness to enter into this Agreement, concurrently with the
execution of this Agreement, the Equity Investors have delivered to the Company the Support Agreement; and

WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of each of Parent and Merger Sub have, on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth herein, (a) determined that this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement are in the best interests of Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, and (b) approved and declared advisable this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE 1
DEFINITIONS

Section 1.01. Definitions. (a) As used herein, the following terms have the following meanings:

“Acquisition Proposal” means, other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, any bona fide offer or proposal
from a Person or “group” (within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) of the 1934 Act) of Persons relating to (i) any acquisition or
purchase, direct or indirect, whether in one transaction or a series of transactions, of 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries or 15% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 25% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company, (ii) any tender
offer (including a self-tender offer) or exchange offer that, if consummated, would result in such Person or group beneficially
owning 15% or more of any class of equity or voting securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually
or in the aggregate, constitute 15% or more of the consolidated assets of the Company or (iii) a merger, consolidation, share
exchange, business combination, sale of substantially all the assets, reorganization, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or other
similar transaction involving the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose assets, individually or in the aggregate, constitute 15%
or more of the consolidated assets of the Company.

“Affiliate” means, with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under
common control with such Person.

A-1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 109/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Applicable Law” means, with respect to any Person, any domestic or foreign federal, state or local law (statutory, common or
otherwise), constitution, treaty, convention, ordinance, code, rule, regulation, order, injunction, judgment, decree, ruling or other
similar requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Authority that is binding upon or applicable to
such Person.

“Business Day” means a day, other than Saturday, Sunday or other day on which commercial banks in Louisville, Kentucky or
New York, New York are authorized or required by Applicable Law to close.

“Closing Fiscal Year” means the fiscal year of the Company in which the Closing Date falls.

“COBRA” means the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Company Balance Sheet” means the consolidated balance sheet of the Company as of December 31, 2016 and the footnotes
thereto set forth in the Company 10-K.

“Company Disclosure Schedule” means the disclosure schedule dated the date hereof regarding this Agreement that has been
provided by the Company to Parent and Merger Sub.

“Company Material Adverse Effect” means any event, change, effect, circumstance or occurrence (each, a “Change”) that,
individually or in the aggregate with any other Changes, (A) prevents or materially delays or materially impairs the ability of the
Company to consummate the Merger and the transactions contemplated hereby or (B) has a material adverse effect on the financial
condition, business or results of operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, excluding any effect resulting
from (i) changes or prospective changes after the date hereof in GAAP or the interpretation thereof, (ii) general economic, political,
or regulatory conditions in the United States or any other country or region, including changes in financial, credit, securities or
currency markets (including changes in interest or exchange rates), (iii) conditions generally affecting the industries in which the
Company and its Subsidiaries operate, (iv) changes or prospective changes after the date hereof in Applicable Law or the
interpretation thereof, (v) acts of war, sabotage, terrorism or natural disasters or cyberattacks, (vi) except in the case of Section 5.04,
the execution of this Agreement or the announcement or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or the
identity of or any facts or circumstances relating to Parent, including the impact of any of the foregoing on the relationships,
contractual or otherwise, of the Company and any of its Subsidiaries with customers, suppliers, service providers, employees,
Governmental Authorities or any other Persons and any stockholder or derivative litigation relating to the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement or the announcement or consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (vii)
any failure by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to meet any internal or published budgets, projections, forecasts or predictions
of financial performance for any period (it being understood that any underlying facts giving rise or contributing to such failure that
are not otherwise excluded from the definition of a “Company Material Adverse Effect” may be taken into account in determining
whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect), (viii) any actions taken (or omitted to be taken) at the request of Parent
or Merger Sub, (ix) changes in the price and/or trading volume of the Shares or any other securities of the Company on the NYSE or
any other market in which such securities are quoted for purchase and sale or changes in the credit ratings of the Company (it being
understood that any underlying facts giving rise or contributing to such changes that are not otherwise excluded from the definition
of a “Company Material Adverse Effect” may be taken into account in determining whether there has been a Company Material
Adverse Effect) or (x) any actions taken (or omitted to be taken) by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that are expressly
contemplated under this Agreement (other than actions of the Company required in the first sentence of Section 7.01), except, in the
case of clauses (i), (ii), (iii), (iv) or (v) to the extent the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, are materially and
disproportionately impacted thereby relative to other entities operating in the same industry or industries in which the Company and
its Subsidiaries operate (in which case the incremental material and disproportionate impact or impacts may be taken into account in
determining whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect).

“Company Plan” means any (i) “employee benefit plan” as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) compensation, employment,
consulting, severance, change in control, retention or similar plan or agreement or (iii) other plan or agreement providing for
compensation, profit-sharing, equity or equity-based compensation or other forms of incentive or deferred compensation, vacation
benefits, insurance, medical, dental, vision, prescription or fringe benefits, life insurance, relocation benefits, disability benefits,
supplemental unemployment

A-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 110/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

benefits or post-employment or post-retirement pension, health, medical or insurance benefits (x) that is sponsored, maintained,
administered, contributed to or entered into by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the current or future benefit of any
director, officer, employee or individual independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (y) for which the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any direct or indirect liability.

“Company Service Provider” means an employee, officer or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

“Company 10-K” means the Company’s annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016.

“Contract” means any written or oral license, lease, agreement, contract, commitment, understanding, permit, concession,
franchise, note, bond, mortgage, indenture, deed of trust or other instrument or obligation, in each case to which there are continuing
and binding rights, liabilities or obligations.

“Debt Financing Failure” means that the proceeds of all or part of the Debt Financing are not available to Parent or its
Subsidiaries pursuant to the terms of the Debt Commitment Letters on the date on which the Closing was required to have occurred
pursuant to Section 3.01(b) (other than as a result of (i) breach of the Debt Commitment Letters by Parent or any of its Subsidiaries
or (ii) a breach of this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub).

“Delaware Law” means the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware.

“Environmental Laws” means any and all statutes, laws, regulations or rules that have as their principal purpose the
protection of the environment.

“ERISA” means the Employment Retirement Income Security Act of 1974.

“Federal Health Care Program” has the meaning ascribed to such term at 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(f).

“GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States.

“Governmental Authority” means any transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local governmental, regulatory or
administrative authority, department, court, agency or official, including any political subdivision thereof, or any other body
exercising or entitled to exercise any governmental, regulatory or administrative authority.

“HSR Act” means the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976.

“Intellectual Property” means all intellectual property rights arising under Applicable Law, including the following: (i)
trademarks, service marks, trade names, and logos, corporate names, social and mobile media identifiers, and all goodwill
associated with the foregoing, (ii) domain names, (iii) mask works, inventions, patents (including any patent applications and any
renewals, reissues, extensions, continuations-in-part and continuations related thereto), and (iv) trade secrets, copyrights, methods,
processes and know-how (including any registrations or applications for registration of any of the foregoing), and any other similar
type of intellectual property rights; in each case, whether registered or unregistered and together with any pending applications for
registration and registrations thereof.

“IRS” means the United States Internal Revenue Service.

“Key Employee” means (i) the Chief Executive Officer of Amerita, Inc. and (ii) any employee of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than Amerita, Inc. and its Subsidiaries) with the title of Vice President or above.

“knowledge” means (i) with respect to the Company, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed on Section 1.01(a) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) with respect to Parent, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed on Section 1.01(a) of
the Parent Disclosure Schedule.

“Lender Related Party” shall mean any person or party to the Debt Commitment Letters or providing the Debt Financing and
any of their respective former, current and future Affiliates and any of their or such Affiliates’ respective former, current and future
officers, directors, managers, employees, controlling persons,

A-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 111/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

stockholders, equityholders, members, managers, partners, agents, representatives, successors or assigns or any former, current and
future Affiliate, officer, director, manager, employee, controlling person, stockholders, equityholder, member, manager, partner,
agent, representative, successor or assign of any of the foregoing.

“Lien” means, with respect to any property or asset, any mortgage, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, encumbrance,
exclusive license or other similar adverse claim of any kind in respect of such property or asset.

“Marketing Period” means the first period of 18 consecutive Business Days commencing after the date hereof and throughout
and at the end of which (a) Parent shall have received the Required Information from the Company and (b)(i) the conditions set
forth in Section 10.01 and Section 10.02 are satisfied (except for those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing) and (ii) nothing has occurred and no condition exists that would cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or
Section 10.02 to fail to be satisfied assuming the Closing were to be scheduled for any time during such 18 consecutive Business
Day period; provided that (x) (A) July 3, 2017 shall not constitute a Business Day, (B) if the Marketing Period has not been
completed on or prior to August 18, 2017, the Marketing Period shall commence no earlier than September 6, 2017, (C) November
24, 2017 shall not constitute a Business Day and (D) if the Marketing Period has not been completed on or prior to December 15,
2017, the Marketing Period shall commence no earlier than January 2, 2018 and (y) the Marketing Period shall not be deemed to
have commenced if (I) after the date of this Agreement and prior to the completion of the Marketing Period, KPMG LLP shall have
withdrawn its audit opinion with respect to any of the financial statements contained in the Required Information, in which case the
Marketing Period shall not be deemed to commence unless and until a new unqualified audit opinion is issued with respect to such
financial statements by KPMG LLP or another independent accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Parent, (II) the Required
Information contains any untrue statement of material fact or omits to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements contained therein not misleading, in which case the Marketing Period shall not be deemed to commence unless and until
such Required Information has been updated so that there is no longer any such untrue statement or omission or (III) the Company
shall have announced any intention to restate any historical financial statements of the Company or other financial information
included in the Required Information, or that any such restatement is under consideration or may be a possibility, in which case the
Marketing Period shall not be deemed to commence unless and until such restatement has been completed and the applicable
Required Information has been amended or the Company has announced that it has concluded no such restatement shall be required.

“Multiemployer Plan” means a “multiemployer plan” within the meaning of Section 3(37) of ERISA.

“1933 Act” means the Securities Act of 1933.

“1934 Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

“NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange.

“Parent Disclosure Schedule” means the disclosure schedule dated the date hereof regarding this Agreement that has been
provided by Parent to the Company.

“Parent Material Adverse Effect” means any event, change, effect, development or occurrence that would reasonably be
expected to prevent, materially impair or materially delay the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to perform its obligations hereunder or
prevent, materially impair or materially delay the Closing, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby.

“Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, limited liability company, association, trust or other entity or
organization, including a government or political subdivision or an agency or instrumentality thereof.

“Pro Rata Bonus Amount” means for each Company Service Provider an amount equal to such Company Service Provider’s
target annual incentive opportunity, prorated for the period beginning on January 1, 2017 and ending on the earlier of (x) the Closing
Date and (y) December 31, 2017 and calculated based on the number of days the Company Service Provider worked during this
time period.

“Representatives” of a Person, means, collectively, such Person’s Affiliates and such Person’s and such Person’s Affiliates’
directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants, consultants and other agents, advisors or representatives.

A-4



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 112/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Required Information” means, (i) collectively, the historical consolidated financial statements of the Company identified in
paragraph 5 of Exhibit C of the Debt Commitment Letter and (ii) all other information and data necessary for Parent to satisfy the
condition set forth in paragraph 6 of Exhibit C of the Debt Commitment Letter

“SEC” means the Securities and Exchange Commission.

“Subsidiary” means, with respect to any Person, any entity of which securities or other ownership interests having ordinary
voting power to elect a majority of the Board or other Persons performing similar functions are at any time directly or indirectly
owned by such Person.

“Support Agreement” means that certain support agreement, dated as of the date hereof, between the Equity Investors and the
Company.

“Taxes” means (i) all United States federal, state, local or foreign taxes, charges, levies, fees, duties or other assessments,
including, without limitation, income, gross receipts, excise, real and personal property, profits, estimated, severance, occupation,
social security, production, capital gains, capital stock, goods and services, environmental, employment, withholding, stamp, value
added, alternative or add-on minimum, sales, transfer, use, license, payroll and franchise taxes and other taxes, charges, levies, fees,
duties or other assessments of any kind whatsoever and (ii) any interest, penalties, fines, related liabilities or additions to tax
imposed by any Taxing Authority with respect to such taxes, charges, levies, fees, duties or other assessments.

“Taxing Authority” means any Governmental Authority responsible for the imposition, collection or administration of any
Tax.

“Tax Return” means any report, return, document, declaration or other information or filing supplied or required to be
supplied to any Taxing Authority with respect to Taxes, including information returns, any attached schedules, any documents with
respect to or accompanying payments of estimated Taxes, or with respect to or accompanying requests for the extension of time in
which to file any such report, return, document, declaration or other information, and any amendment to any of the foregoing.

“Third Party” means any Person, including as defined in Section 13(d) of the 1934 Act, other than the Company, Parent or
any of their respective Affiliates.

“Willful Breach” means a breach of this Agreement or the Support Agreement that is the consequence of an act or omission by
a party hereto or thereto with the actual knowledge that the taking of such act or failure to take such act would be a breach of this
Agreement or the Support Agreement.

(b)   Each of the following terms is defined on the page set forth opposite such term:
1933 Act  A-4 
1934 Act  A-4 
Acquisition Proposal  A-1 
Acquisition Proposal Documentation  A-30 
Adverse Recommendation Change  A-30 
Affiliate  A-1 
Alternate Financing  A-35 
Antitrust Action  A-37 
Antitrust Division  A-38 
Applicable Law  A-2 
Burdensome Condition  A-37 
Business Day  A-2 
Cancelled Shares  A-9 
Capital Expenditure Budget  A-29 
Certificate of Merger  A-8 
Certificates  A-9 
Change  A-2 
Closing  A-8 

A-5



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 113/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Closing Date  A-8 
Closing Fiscal Year  A-2 
COBRA  A-2 
Code  A-2 
Commitment Letters  A-26 
Company 10-K  A-3 
Company Balance Sheet  A-2 
Company Balance Sheet Date  A-16 
Company Disclosure Documents  A-16 
Company Disclosure Schedule  A-2 
Company Material Adverse Effect  A-2 
Company Option  A-11 
Company Payment Agreements  A-18 
Company Payment Programs  A-17 
Company Permits  A-16 
Company Plan  A-2 
Company SEC Documents  A-15 
Company Securities  A-14 
Company Service Provider  A-3 
Company Stock Unit  A-11 
Company Subsidiary Securities  A-14 
Company Termination Fee  A-45 
Confidentiality Agreements  A-29 
Continuing Employee  A-33 
Contract  A-3 
Converted Shares  A-9 
Credit Agreement  A-41 
D&O Insurance  A-33 
Debt Commitment Letters  A-26 
Debt Financing  A-26 
Debt Financing Failure  A-3 
Delaware Law  A-3 
Determination Notice  A-31 
Dissenting Shares  A-10 
Effective Time  A-9 
e-mail  A-44 
End Date  A-42 
Enforceability Exceptions  A-13 
Environmental Laws  A-3 
Equity Commitment Letters  A-26 
Equity Financing  A-26 
Equity Investor  A-26 
ERISA  A-3 
Exchange Fund  A-9 
Excluded Shares  A-9 
Federal Health Care Program  A-3 
Financing  A-26 
Financing Sources  A-26 
FTC  A-38 
GAAP  A-3 
Government Official  A-19 

A-6



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 114/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Governmental Authority  A-3 
HSR Act  A-3 
Indemnified Person  A-32 
Insurance Policies  A-24 
Intellectual Property  A-3 
Interest Expense  A-47 
IRS  A-3 
Key Employee  A-3 
KKR  A-37 
knowledge  A-3 
Lease  A-19 
Lender Related Party  A-3 
Lien  A-4 
Limited Guarantee  A-26 
Marketing Period  A-4 
Material Contract  A-23 
Merger  A-8 
Merger Consideration  A-9 
Multiemployer Plan  A-4 
New Debt Commitment Letter  A-36 
Non-Recourse Party  A-47 
NYSE  A-4 
Parent Disclosure Schedule  A-4 
Parent Material Adverse Effect  A-4 
Parent Related Parties  A-47 
Parent Termination Fee  A-46 
Paying Agent  A-9 
Payoff Amount  A-41 
Payoff Letter  A-41 
Person  A-4 
Preferred Shares  A-13 
Pro Rata Bonus Amount  A-4 
Proxy Statement  A-39 
Representatives  A-4 
Required Amount  A-26 
Required Information  A-5 
RSU Payment  A-11 
Sarbanes-Oxley Act  A-15 
SEC  A-5 
Shares  A-9 
Stockholder Approval  A-13 
Stockholder Meeting  A-39 
Subsidiary  A-5 
Superior Proposal  A-32 
Support Agreement  A-5 
Surviving Corporation  A-8 
Tax Return  A-5 
Taxes  A-5 
Taxing Authority  A-5 
Third Party  A-5 
Third Party Confidentiality Agreement  A-31 

A-7



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 115/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Uncertificated Shares  A-9 
Unvested Company Stock Unit  A-11 
Vested Company Stock Unit  A-11 
WARN  A-22 
Willful Breach  A-5 
Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee  A-46 

Section 1.02. Other Definitional and Interpretative Provisions. The words “hereof”, “herein” and “hereunder” and words of
like import used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement.
The captions herein are included for convenience of reference only and shall be ignored in the construction or interpretation hereof.
References to Articles, Sections, Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules are to Articles, Sections, Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules of this
Agreement unless otherwise specified. All Exhibits, Annexes and Schedules annexed hereto or referred to herein are hereby
incorporated in and made a part of this Agreement as if set forth in full herein. Any capitalized terms used in any Exhibit, Annex or
Schedule but not otherwise defined therein, shall have the meaning as defined in this Agreement. Any singular term in this
Agreement shall be deemed to include the plural, and any plural term the singular. Whenever the words “include”, “includes” or
“including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without limitation”, whether or not they
are in fact followed by those words or words of like import. “Writing”, “written” and comparable terms refer to printing, typing and
other means of reproducing words (including electronic media) in a visible form. References to any Applicable Law shall be
deemed to refer to such Applicable Law as amended from time to time and to any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder.
References to any agreement or contract are to that agreement or contract as amended, modified or supplemented from time to time
in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof. References to any Person include the successors and permitted assigns of that
Person. References from or through any date mean, unless otherwise specified, from and including or through and including,
respectively. References to materials that were provided to Parent or disclosed to Parent prior to date hereof are only so disclosed or
provided if such matter was disclosed in the online “data room” no later than two Business Days prior to the date hereof.

ARTICLE 2
[INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

ARTICLE 3
THE MERGER

Section 3.01. The Merger. (a) Upon the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be
merged (the “Merger”) with and into the Company in accordance with Delaware Law, whereupon the separate existence of Merger
Sub shall cease and the Company shall be the surviving corporation (the “Surviving Corporation”).

(b)   Subject to the provisions of Article 10, the closing of the Merger (the “Closing” and the date on which the Closing occurs,
the “Closing Date”) shall take place in New York City at the offices of Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, 450 Lexington Avenue, New
York, New York, 10017 at 10:00 a.m. New York time, on the third Business Day after the satisfaction or (to the extent permissible)
waiver by the party or parties entitled to the benefit thereof of the conditions set forth in Article 10 (other than conditions that by
their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver of those conditions
at the Closing); provided, that notwithstanding the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Article 10, Parent shall not be
required to effect the Closing until the earlier of (i) a date during the Marketing Period specified by Parent on no less than three
Business Days’ prior written notice to the Company (provided, that the Closing on such date may be postponed by Parent to another
date during the Marketing Period (or on or before the second Business Day following the final day of the Marketing Period) to
permit the contemporaneous consummation of the Financing), and (ii) the second Business Day following the final day of the
Marketing Period (as it may be extended pursuant to the definition of “Marketing Period”) (subject, in each case, to the satisfaction
or waiver in writing of all of the conditions set forth in Article 10 as of the date determined pursuant to this Section 3.01(b)), or at
such other place, at such other time or on such other date as Parent and the Company may mutually agree.

(c)   At the Closing, the Company and Merger Sub shall file a certificate of merger (the “Certificate of Merger”) with the
Delaware Secretary of State and make all other filings or recordings required by Delaware

A-8



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 116/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Law in connection with the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at such time (the “Effective Time”) as the Certificate of
Merger is duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of State (or at such later time as may be specified in the Certificate of Merger).

(d)   From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall possess all the rights, powers, privileges and franchises
and be subject to all of the obligations, liabilities, restrictions and disabilities of the Company and Merger Sub, all as provided under
Delaware Law.

(e)   At the Closing, all indebtedness and other amounts of any kind owing as of the Closing Date under the Credit Agreement
will be fully repaid with immediately available funds in accordance with the Payoff Letter.

Section 3.02. Conversion of Shares. At the Effective Time:

(a)   Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.02(b) or Section 3.04, each share of common stock, $0.01 par value, of the
Company (collectively, the “Shares”) outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to
receive an amount in cash equal to $29.25 per Share (such amount, the “Merger Consideration”) without interest. As of the
Effective Time, all such Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be cancelled and retired and shall cease to
exist, and each of them shall thereafter represent only the right to receive the Merger Consideration.

(b)   Each Share held by the Company as treasury stock (other than Shares in a Company Plan) or owned by Parent or Merger
Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be cancelled, and no payment shall be made with respect thereto (the “Cancelled
Shares”). Each Share held by any Subsidiary of the Company (or any Subsidiary of Parent (other than Merger Sub)) immediately
prior to the Effective Time, if any, shall be converted into such number of shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation such that
each such Subsidiary owns the same percentage of the outstanding capital stock of the Surviving Corporation immediately
following the Effective Time as such Subsidiary owned in the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time (the “Converted
Shares” and together with the Cancelled Shares, the “Excluded Shares”).

(c)   Each share of common stock of Merger Sub outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into
and become one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and privileges as the shares so
converted and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the Surviving Corporation (except for any such shares
resulting from the conversion of Converted Shares, if any, pursuant to Section 3.02(b)).

Section 3.03. Surrender and Payment. (a) Immediately prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit or shall cause to be
deposited, with a nationally recognized financial institution selected by Parent with the Company’s prior approval (such approval
not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) (the “Paying Agent”), for the benefit of the Company’s stockholders (other than
holders of Dissenting Shares or Excluded Shares), a cash amount in immediately available funds necessary for the Paying Agent to
make payments contemplated by Section 3.02(a) (such cash being referred to as the “Exchange Fund”). With respect to any
Dissenting Shares, Parent shall only be required to deposit or cause to be deposited with the Paying Agent funds sufficient to pay the
aggregate Merger Consideration payable in respect of such Dissenting Shares if the holder thereof fails to perfect or effectively
withdraws or losses its appraisal rights under the DGCL. The Paying Agent shall also act as the agent for the Company’s
stockholders for the purpose of receiving and holding the stockholders’ (i) certificates representing Shares (the “Certificates”) or
(ii) uncertificated Shares represented by book-entry (the “Uncertificated Shares”) but shall acquire no rights or interests in Shares
represented thereby. The Paying Agent agreement pursuant to which Parent shall appoint the Paying Agent shall be in form and
substance reasonably acceptable to the Company and Parent. The Paying Agent shall invest the Exchange Fund as directed by
Parent. Any interest and other income resulting from such investment shall become a part of the Exchange Fund, and any amounts
in excess of the amounts payable under Section 3.02(a) shall be promptly returned to the Surviving Corporation. The Paying Agent
shall make delivery of the aggregate Merger Consideration out of the Exchange Fund in accordance with this Agreement. The
Exchange Fund shall not be used for any purpose that is not expressly provided for in this Agreement.

(b)   (i) Promptly after the Effective Time (and in any event within two (2) Business Days thereafter), the Surviving
Corporation shall cause the Paying Agent to mail to each holder of record of a Certificate representing Shares (other than holders of
Excluded Shares) (A) a letter of transmittal in customary form specifying that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to
the Certificates shall pass, only upon proper delivery of the

A-9



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 117/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof as provided in Section 3.08) to the Paying Agent, such letter of transmittal to be in
such form and have such other provisions as Parent and the Company may reasonably agree, and (B) instructions for use in effecting
the surrender of the Certificates (or affidavits of loss in lieu thereof as provided in Section 3.08) in exchange for the Merger
Consideration. Upon surrender of a Certificate (or affidavit of loss in lieu thereof as provided in Section 3.08) to the Paying Agent
in accordance with the terms of such letter of transmittal, duly executed, the holder of such Certificate shall be entitled to receive in
exchange therefor a cash amount in immediately available funds (after giving effect to any required Tax withholdings as provided in
Section 3.07) equal to (x) the number of Shares represented by such Certificate (or affidavit of loss in lieu thereof as provided in
Section 3.08) multiplied by (y) the Merger Consideration, and the Certificate so surrendered shall forthwith be cancelled. No interest
will be paid or accrued on any amount payable upon due surrender of the Certificates. Until so surrendered or transferred, as the
case may be, each such Certificate or Uncertificated Share shall represent after the Effective Time for all purposes only the right to
receive the Merger Consideration.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, any holder of Uncertificated Shares shall not be required to
deliver a Certificate or an executed letter of transmittal to the Paying Agent to receive the Merger Consideration that such holder is
entitled to receive pursuant to Section 3.02(a). In lieu thereof, each holder of record of one or more Uncertificated Shares whose
Shares were converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration shall upon receipt by the Paying Agent of an “agent’s
message” in customary form (or such other evidence, if any, as the Paying Agent may reasonably request), be entitled to receive,
and Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to pay and deliver as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, the
Merger Consideration in respect of each such Share, and the Uncertificated Shares of such holder shall forthwith be cancelled.

(c)   If any portion of the Merger Consideration is to be paid to a Person other than the Person in whose name the surrendered
Certificate or the transferred Uncertificated Share is registered, it shall be a condition to such payment that (i) either such Certificate
shall be properly endorsed or shall otherwise be in proper form for transfer or such Uncertificated Share shall be properly
transferred and (ii) the Person requesting such payment shall pay to the Paying Agent any transfer or other Taxes required as a result
of such payment to a Person other than the registered holder of such Certificate or Uncertificated Share or establish to the
satisfaction of the Paying Agent that such Tax has been paid or is not payable.

(d)   After the Effective Time, there shall be no further registration of transfers of Shares. If, after the Effective Time,
Certificates or Uncertificated Shares are presented to the Surviving Corporation, they shall be cancelled and exchanged for the
Merger Consideration provided for, and in accordance with the procedures set forth, in this Article 3.

(e)   Any portion of the Merger Consideration made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to Section 3.03(a) (and any interest
or other income earned thereon) that remains unclaimed by the holders of Shares twelve months after the Effective Time shall be
returned to Parent, upon demand, and any such holder who has not exchanged such Shares for the Merger Consideration in
accordance with this Section 3.03 prior to that time shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of the Merger Consideration in
respect of such Shares without any interest thereon. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent shall not be liable to any holder of Shares
for any amount properly paid to a public official pursuant to applicable abandoned property, escheat or similar laws.

Section 3.04. Dissenting Shares. Notwithstanding Section 3.02, Shares outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time and
held by a holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger or consented thereto in writing and who has properly demanded appraisal
for such Shares (“Dissenting Shares”) in accordance with Section 262 of Delaware Law shall not be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration, unless such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or otherwise loses the right to appraisal. If, after the
Effective Time, such holder fails to perfect, withdraws or loses the right to appraisal, such Dissenting Shares shall be treated as if
they had been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. As of the Effective Time, the
Dissenting Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist and each holder of
Dissenting Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except the right to seek appraisal under Delaware Law. The
Company shall give Parent prompt written notice of any demands received by the Company for appraisal of Shares, and Parent shall
have the right to participate in and right to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to such demands. Except with the
prior written consent of Parent, the Company shall not make any payment with respect to, or offer to settle or settle, any such

A-10



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 118/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

demands. If any holder of Dissenting Shares shall have effectively waived, withdrawn or lost its rights under Section 262 of
Delaware Law with respect to any Dissenting Shares, such Dissenting Shares shall thereupon be treated as though they had been
converted into the aggregate Merger Consideration payable with respect to such Dissenting Shares pursuant to Section 3.02(a).

Section 3.05. Treatment of Equity Awards. Except as otherwise agreed in writing between Parent and a holder of an option to
purchase Shares granted under any Company Plan (each, a “Company Option”), each Company Option, whether vested or
unvested and whether subject to time-based or performance-based vesting, that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Effective Time, shall, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the
Company or the holder of such Company Option, become fully vested and exercisable as of immediately prior to the Effective Time
and shall be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive a cash payment from Parent to the holder thereof, equal to the product of
(i) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration less the applicable per share exercise price of such Company Option multiplied by
(ii) the number of Shares subject to such Company Option, payable at the next practicable payroll of the Company following the
Effective Time.

(b)   Except as otherwise agreed in writing between Parent and a holder of a restricted stock unit, performance stock unit or
similar right granted under any employee or director plans or arrangements payable in Shares or the value of which is determined
with reference to the value of Shares granted under any Company Plan (each, a “Company Stock Unit”) which is outstanding as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time and which has vested (or by its terms is scheduled to vest) as of or prior to the Effective
Time (each, a “Vested Company Stock Unit”)) shall, at the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the
part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holder of such Vested Company Stock Unit, be cancelled in exchange for the right
to receive a cash payment from Parent to the holder thereof equal to the product of (i) the Merger Consideration multiplied by (ii)
the number of Shares underlying such Vested Company Stock Unit, payable at the next practicable payroll of the Company
following the Effective Time.

(c)   Except as otherwise agreed in writing between Parent and a holder of a Company Stock Unit, at the Effective Time, each
Company Stock Unit which is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Effective Time and which has not vested as of or prior to
the Effective Time (each, an “Unvested Company Stock Unit”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or the holder of such Unvested Company Stock Unit, be cancelled, and in substitution thereof,
such holder will be eligible to receive a cash payment from Parent (the “RSU Payment”) equal to the product of (i) the Merger
Consideration multiplied by (ii) the number of Shares underlying such Unvested Company Stock Unit, which, for any Unvested
Company Stock Unit subject to satisfaction of performance criteria, shall be calculated assuming satisfaction of such criteria at
target achievement. The RSU Payment shall initially be unvested, and (i) to the extent such payment relates to an Unvested
Company Stock Unit that was subject to time-based vesting, shall vest, subject to continued employment or service, based on the
same vesting schedule applicable to such cancelled Unvested Company Stock Unit, and (ii) to the extent such payment relates to an
Unvested Company Stock Unit that was subject to performance-based vesting, shall vest, subject to continued employment or
service, on the last day of the performance period applicable to such cancelled Unvested Company Stock Unit, in each case subject
to any applicable vesting of such Unvested Company Stock Units upon a termination of the holder’s employment under the
applicable Company Plan and award agreement relating to the original Unvested Company Stock Unit.

(d)   The Company shall take all actions necessary to provide for the continuation of, and shall not cause or permit the
termination prior to the Closing of, the OncoMed Specialty 2014 Phantom Stock Plan, the Amerita, Inc. 2013 Stock Appreciation
Rights Plan, such that all awards issued thereunder shall remain outstanding and no acceleration of vesting with respect to any such
awards occurs as a result of the transactions contemplated herein.

(e)   At or prior to the Effective Time, the Company, the Board or committee thereof, as applicable, shall adopt any resolutions
and take any actions that are necessary to effectuate the provisions of this Section 3.05.

Section 3.06. Adjustments. If, during the period between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding
Shares shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a different class (including by reason of any reclassification,
recapitalization, stock split or combination, exchange or readjustment of Shares,

A-11



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 119/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

or stock dividend thereon with a record date during such period, but excluding any change that results from any exercise of
Company Options or settlement of Vested Company Stock Units), the Merger Consideration and any other amounts payable
pursuant to this Agreement shall be appropriately adjusted.

Section 3.07. Withholding Rights. Notwithstanding any provision contained herein to the contrary, each of the Paying Agent,
the Surviving Corporation and Parent (and any of their Affiliates) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration
otherwise payable to any Person pursuant to this Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and withhold with respect to
the making of such payment under any provision of Tax law. To the extent that amounts are so deducted or withheld and paid over
to the applicable Taxing Authority, such amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to such
Person in respect of which the Paying Agent, the Surviving Corporation or Parent, as the case may be, made such deduction and
withholding.

Section 3.08. Lost Certificates. If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of
that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the Surviving Corporation, the
posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as the Surviving Corporation may direct, as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against it with respect to such Certificate, the Paying Agent shall pay, in exchange for such lost, stolen or
destroyed Certificate, the Merger Consideration to be paid in respect of the Shares represented by such Certificate, as contemplated
by this Article 3.

ARTICLE 4
THE SURVIVING CORPORATION

Section 4.01. Certificate of Incorporation. Subject to Section 8.03, the certificate of incorporation of the Company shall be
amended as set forth in Exhibit A at the Effective Time and, as so amended, shall be the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation until amended in accordance with Applicable Law.

Section 4.02. Bylaws. At the Effective Time, and without any further action on the part of the Company or Merger Sub, the
bylaws of Merger Sub, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger, be the bylaws of the
Surviving Corporation until thereafter amended in accordance with their terms, the certificate of incorporation of the Surviving
Corporation and as provided by Applicable Law.

Section 4.03. Directors and Officers. From and after the Effective Time, until successors are duly elected or appointed and
qualified in accordance with Applicable Law, (a) the directors of Merger Sub at the Effective Time shall be the directors of the
Surviving Corporation and (b) the officers of the Company at the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving Corporation.

ARTICLE 5
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Except as (i) disclosed in any Company SEC Document filed at least two Business Days prior to the date of this Agreement
(but excluding any disclosures set forth in any “risk factors” section and any “forward-looking statements” in any other section; it
being understood that any factual information contained within such sections shall not be excluded); provided that nothing in the
Company SEC Documents shall be deemed to be disclosures against Section 5.01, Section 5.02 or Section 5.05 and only those
Company SEC Documents filed after December 31, 2016 shall be deemed to be disclosures against Section 5.10, and (ii) subject to
Section 12.05, as set forth in the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company represents and warrants to Parent that:

Section 5.01. Corporate Existence and Power. The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good
standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and has all corporate powers required to carry on its business as now conducted,
except for any failure to be in good standing and any failure to have such powers as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company is duly qualified to do business as a foreign
corporation and is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its business in such jurisdiction, as currently
conducted, requires such qualification, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so qualified or in good standing would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company’s certificate of
incorporation and bylaws, as currently in effect, are included in the Company SEC Documents and the Company is not in violation
of any of such documents.

A-12



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 120/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 5.02. Corporate Authorization. (a) The execution, delivery and, assuming the representations and warranties set forth
in Section 6.10 are true and correct and the receipt of the Stockholder Approval, the performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby are within the Company’s corporate
powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of the Company. The Company has duly
executed and delivered this Agreement, and, assuming due authorization, execution and delivery by each of Parent and Merger Sub,
this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its
terms (except insofar as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other
Applicable Laws of general applicability relating to or affecting creditors’ rights, or by principles governing the availability of
equitable remedies, whether considered in suit, action or proceeding at law or in equity (collectively, the “Enforceability
Exceptions”)).

(b)   At a meeting duly called and held, the Board has duly and unanimously adopted resolutions, which have not subsequently
been rescinded or modified in any way, adopting each of the Board Actions and the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby have been duly and
validly authorized by all necessary corporate actions and no other corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary
to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the transactions so contemplated other than adoption of this Agreement by the
holders of at least a majority of the outstanding Shares on the record date for the Stockholders Meeting (the “Stockholder
Approval”) and the filing with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware of the Certificate of Merger required by Delaware
Law.

Section 5.03. Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and
the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in respect of, or filing by the
Company with, any Governmental Authority, other than (a) compliance with any applicable requirements of the HSR Act and of
Applicable Law analogous to the HSR Act existing in jurisdictions outside of the United States, (b) compliance with any applicable
requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and any other applicable securities laws, (c) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with
the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in
which the Company is qualified to do business, (d) compliance with the rules and regulations of the NYSE and (e) any other actions
or filings (i) required solely by reason of the participation of Parent or Merger Sub (as opposed to any Third Party) in the
transactions contemplated hereby or (ii) the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.04. Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this Agreement and the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict with, or result in any violation or
breach of any provision of the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company, (b) assuming compliance with the matters
referred to in Section 5.03, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation or breach of any provision of any Applicable Law, (c)
assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 5.03, require any consent or other action by any Person under,
constitute a default under, or cause or permit the termination or cancellation (with or without the passage of time) of any agreement
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, with only such exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (b) through (d), as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.05. Capitalization. (a) As of the date hereof, the authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 175,000,000
Shares and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share (“Preferred Shares”). As of the close of business on July
27, 2017, there were issued and outstanding 31,119,870 Shares, no Preferred Shares, Company Options to purchase an aggregate of
230,954 Shares (with a weighted average exercise price of $10.85), no Vested Company Stock Units and Unvested Company Stock
Units underlying an aggregate of 1,020,478 Shares (including 513,573 Shares underlying performance-based Unvested Company
Stock Units assuming target performance levels). All outstanding shares of capital stock of the Company have been duly authorized
and validly issued and fully paid and non-assessable.

(b)   As of the date of this Agreement, there are no bonds, debentures, notes or other indebtedness of the Company having the
right to vote (or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which holders of Shares
may vote.

A-13



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 121/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c)   Except as set forth in this Section 5.05 and for changes since the close of business on July 27, 2017 resulting from the
exercise of Company Options or the settlement of Vested Company Stock Units, there are no issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding (i) shares of capital stock of or other voting securities of or ownership interests in the Company (including the Shares),
(ii) securities of the Company convertible into or exchangeable for shares of capital stock or other voting securities of or ownership
interests in the Company, (iii) warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from the Company, or other obligation of the
Company to issue, any capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable for capital stock or other voting securities or ownership interests in the Company or (iv) stock options, restricted
shares, stock appreciation rights, performance units or similar securities or rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits
based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock or voting securities of the Company (the items in clauses (i)
through (iv) being referred to collectively as the “Company Securities”). There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the Company Securities. There are no voting trusts or
similar agreements to which the Company is a party with respect to the voting of the Company Securities of the Company and no
Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party that restricts the transfer of, or that provides registration rights
in respect of, Company Securities or other capital stock or other equity interests of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d)   None of (i) the Shares or (ii) any other Company Securities are owned by any Subsidiary of the Company.

(e)   There are no preemptive or other outstanding rights, options (except as set forth in Section 5.05(a)), warrants, conversion
rights, stock appreciation rights, performance units, redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements, calls,
commitments or rights of any kind that obligate the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to issue or sell any shares of capital stock or
other equity securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Securities or Company Subsidiary Securities, and
no securities or obligations evidencing such rights are authorized, issued or outstanding.

Section 5.06. Subsidiaries. (a) Each Subsidiary of the Company has been duly organized, is validly existing and (where
applicable) in good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization, has all organizational powers and required to carry on
its business as now conducted, except for any failure to be in good standing or any failure to have such powers as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each such Subsidiary is duly
qualified to do business as a foreign entity and (where applicable) is in good standing in each jurisdiction where the conduct of its
business in such jurisdiction, as currently conducted, requires such qualification, except for those jurisdictions where failure to be so
qualified or in good standing would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

(b)   All of the outstanding capital stock or other voting securities of, or ownership interests in, each Subsidiary of the Company
(collectively, the “Company Subsidiary Securities”) is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company, free and clear of any Lien,
and all such Company Subsidiary Securities are validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable. Except for the Company Subsidiary
Securities, there are no issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding (i) capital stock or other voting securities of any of the
Subsidiaries, (ii) any other securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of
capital stock or other voting securities of, or ownership interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company, (iii) warrants, calls, options or
other rights to acquire from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or other obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
issue, any capital stock or other voting securities of, or ownership interests in, or any securities convertible into, or exchangeable
for, any capital stock or other voting securities of, or ownership interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company or (iv) stock options,
restricted shares, stock appreciation rights, performance units or similar securities or rights that are derivative of, or provide
economic benefits based, directly or indirectly, on the value or price of, any capital stock or other voting securities of, or ownership
interests in, any Subsidiary of the Company. There are no outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of the Company Subsidiary Securities. The Company has provided to Parent true,
correct and complete copies of each Subsidiary’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws, or equivalent governing documents, as
currently in effect, and none of the Subsidiaries are in violation of any of such documents, except where such violation would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

A-14



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 122/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any interest or investment (whether equity or debt) in any
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other entity, other than a Subsidiary of the Company.

Section 5.07. SEC Filings; Internal Control. (a) The Company has filed with or furnished to the SEC, all reports, schedules,
forms, statements, prospectuses, registration statements and other documents required to be filed with or furnished to the SEC by the
Company since January 1, 2014 (collectively, together with any exhibits and schedules thereto and other information incorporated
therein, the “Company SEC Documents”).

(b)   As of its filing date, each Company SEC Document complied, and each Company SEC Document filed subsequent to the
date hereof will comply, as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act, as the case may be.

(c)   As of its filing date (or, if amended or superseded by a filing prior to the date hereof, on the date of such filing), each
Company SEC Document filed pursuant to the 1934 Act did not, and each Company SEC Document filed subsequent to the date
hereof will not, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the
statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(d)   Each Company SEC Document that is a registration statement, as amended or supplemented, if applicable, filed pursuant
to the 1933 Act, as of the date such registration statement or amendment became effective, did not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary to make the statements therein not
misleading.

(e)   The Company has established and maintains disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial
reporting (as such terms are defined in paragraphs (e) and (f), respectively, of Rule 13a-15 under the 1934 Act) as required by Rule
13a-15 or 15d-15, as applicable, under the 1934 Act. The Company’s disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that
all material information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or furnishes under the 1934 Act is
recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that all such
material information is accumulated and communicated to the Company’s management as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure and to make the certifications required pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
2002 (the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”). (i) The Company’s internal control over financial reporting is in compliance with the applicable
requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and (ii) the Company’s internal control over financial reporting is effective.
The Company has disclosed to Parent (i) any significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely affect in any material respect the
Company’s ability to report financial information and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other
employees who have a significant role in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, in each case, that was disclosed to
the Company’s auditors or the audit committee of the Company Board in connection with its most recent evaluation of the
Company’s internal control over financial reporting prior to the date hereof.

(f)   Since January 1, 2014, the Company has complied in all material respects with the applicable listing and corporate
governance rules and regulations of NYSE.

Section 5.08. Financial Statements. The audited consolidated financial statements and unaudited condensed consolidated
interim financial statements of the Company included or incorporated by reference in the Company SEC Documents (i) at the time
they were filed, complied in all material respects with the applicable rules and regulations of the SEC, the 1933 Act and the 1934
Act, (ii) have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied, in all material respects, on a consistent basis during the periods
involved (except as may be indicated in the notes to the audited financial statements and subject, in the case of unaudited
statements, to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnote disclosure) and (iii) fairly present in all material
respects, or in the case of any financial statements filed after the date of this Agreement will fairly present in all material respects,
the consolidated financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and their consolidated
results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of
footnotes in the case of any unaudited condensed interim financial statements). Each required form, report and document containing
financial statements that has been filed with or

A-15



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 123/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

submitted to the SEC since January 1, 2014 was accompanied by the certificates required to be filed or submitted by the Company’s
chief executive officer and chief financial officer pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and, at the time of filing or submission of each
such certificate, such certificate was true and accurate and complied in all material respects with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act.

Section 5.09. Proxy Statement. Each document required to be filed by the Company with the SEC or required to be distributed
or otherwise disseminated by the Company to the Company’s stockholders in connection with the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including the Proxy Statement, and any amendments or supplements thereto (the “Company Disclosure Documents”),
when filed, distributed or disseminated, as applicable, will comply as to form in all material respects with the applicable
requirements of the 1934 Act.

(a)   The information contained or incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement, as of the date it is filed with the SEC, first
mailed to the stockholders of the Company, and at the time of the Stockholder Meeting, will not contain any untrue statement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in
light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading.

(b)   The representations and warranties contained in this Section 5.09 shall not apply to statements or omissions included or
incorporated by reference in the Company Disclosure Documents or the Proxy Statement based upon information supplied in
writing to the Company by Parent or Merger Sub or any of their Representatives specifically for use or incorporation by reference
therein.

Section 5.10. Absence of Certain Changes. (a) Since December 31, 2016 (the “Company Balance Sheet Date”), (i) the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries has been conducted in the ordinary course consistent with past practices in all material
respects, and (ii) there has not been any event, occurrence, development or state of circumstances or facts that has had or would
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b)   From the Company Balance Sheet Date until the date hereof, there has not been any action taken by the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries that, if taken during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time without Parent’s
consent, would constitute a breach of Section 7.01.

Section 5.11. No Undisclosed Material Liabilities. There are no liabilities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any kind
that would be required under GAAP to be disclosed and provided for in a consolidated balance sheet of the Company, other than: (a)
liabilities disclosed and provided for in the Company Balance Sheet or in the notes thereto; (b) liabilities incurred in the ordinary
course of business since the Company Balance Sheet Date; (c) liabilities incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby; and (d) liabilities that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 5.12. Compliance with Laws; Permits; Regulatory Matters.

(a)   Except for violations of Applicable Law which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are, and since January 1, 2014 have been, in
compliance with all Applicable Laws. Except for violations of Applicable Law which would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been
given written notice of, threatened to be charged with, or, to the knowledge of the Company, is under investigation with respect to,
any violation of Applicable Law.

(b)   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in possession of all franchises, grants, authorizations, licenses, registrations, supplier
numbers, permits, easements, variances, exceptions, consents, certificates, approvals, accreditations and orders of, or required by,
any Governmental Authority necessary for the Company and its Subsidiaries to own, lease and operate their properties and assets or
to carry on their businesses as they are now being conducted (the “Company Permits”). Except as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, all Company Permits are in full force and
effect and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any administrative, regulatory or judicial audit, inspection,
investigation or proceeding that would reasonably be expected to result in any

A-16



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 124/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

modification, limitation, suspension, termination, revocation or non-renewal thereof. Except as would not reasonably be expected to
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in
compliance with the terms and requirements of all Company Permits, and no event has occurred that would reasonably be expected
to result in any modification, limitation, suspension, termination, revocation or non-renewal thereof.

(c)   Without limiting the generality of any other representation or warranty made by the Company herein, except for violations
of Health Care Laws which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, and to the knowledge of the Company, all officers, directors, employees,
agents and representatives of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, are, and at all times have been, in compliance with all Health
Care Laws applicable to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. “Health Care Laws” means all Applicable Laws related to the
provision of or payment for pharmaceuticals, pharmacy products and services (including institutional, specialty and infusion
pharmacy products and services), nursing services, pharmacy management services, or any other healthcare services or items,
including, without limitation, (i) all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations and applicable guidance, manuals or
instructions of any Governmental Authority relating to the Medicare (Title XVIII of the Social Security Act) program, including,
without limitation, the Medicare Part D program and Medicare Advantage program, the Medicaid (Title XVIX of the Social
Security Act) program, the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. §§ 201 et seq.), any other Federal Health Care Program, or any
other federal, state or local program under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries receives payment for any items or services;
(ii) all federal, state and local laws, rules, regulations and applicable guidance, manuals or instructions of any Governmental
Authority relating to health care fraud and abuse, false claims, self-referral, or kickbacks, including, without limitation: (A) 42
U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(b) (commonly referred to as the “Anti-Kickback Statute”), (B) 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a (commonly referred to as
the “Civil Monetary Penalties Law”), (C) 42 U.S.C. § 1395nn (commonly referred to as the “Stark Law”), (D) 31 U.S.C. § 3729 et
seq.; and (E) 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7, 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7a, 42 U.S.C. § 1320a-7b(a), and 18 U.S.C. §§ 286 and 287;(iii) the Federal
Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, 21 U.S.C. § 301 et seq.; (iv) the Prescription Drug Marketing Act of 1987, 21 U.S.C. § 353 et seq.;
(v) the Controlled Substances Act, 21 U.S.C. § 801 et seq.; (vi) the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as
amended (“HIPAA”); (vii) any comparable state or local laws, rules, and regulations and, in each case, the regulations, manuals,
guidance and instructions promulgated by or on behalf of Governmental Authorities with respect to such laws, each as amended
from time to time, including all state kickback, fee-splitting, false claims, self-referral and privacy laws and regulations, (viii)
federal and state laws, rules, regulations, manuals, guidance and instructions relating to billing, coding, coverage, reimbursement,
compliance, reporting or claims for services or products provided by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, including, without
limitation, under any Federal Health Care Program, under any other state, federal or other governmental health care or health
insurance program, under any private health insurance plan or program; (ix) any and all federal and state laws, rules, regulations,
manuals, guidance and instructions of any Governmental Authority relating to any of the Company Permits; (x) any and all federal
and state laws, rules, regulations, manuals, guidance and instructions of any Governmental Authority relating to establishment or
administration of prescription drug formularies, therapeutic interchange, utilization management, or insurance; and (x) any federal,
state or local laws, regulations, manuals, guidance and instructions of any Governmental Authority relating to the operation of
pharmacies, the labeling, packaging, storage, handling advertising, dispensing, and distribution of prescription drugs, controlled
substances, other drug products or medical devices.

(d)   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries (i) meet, and since January 1, 2014 has met, all of the applicable requirements for
participation and enrollment in, and receipt of payment for claims submitted to, all governmental and private payment programs,
including Medicare Part D plans, Medicare Part B, state Medicaid programs, Medicaid managed care organizations and private
health care plans, in which the Company or such Subsidiary currently participates or is enrolled or to which the Company or such
Subsidiary has submitted claims for payment for drugs or other healthcare items or services provided since January 1, 2014
(“Company Payment Programs”), (ii) has in effect, and with respect to claims submitted since January 1, 2014 had in effect at the
time the applicable drugs or other healthcare items and services were provided and when the claim was submitted, all provider,
supplier, participation, payor, pharmacy network or similar agreements necessary for it to receive payment for drugs or other
healthcare items or services provided by it under each Company Payment Program, including (as applicable) agreements with
pharmacy benefit managers, state

A-17



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 125/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Medicaid programs, managed care organizations and other third party payors (“Company Payment Agreements”), and (iii) since
January 1, 2014, has billed and collected for the drugs and other healthcare services and items provided by it, and maintained
accurate and complete records supporting its claims, in compliance with Health Care Laws, Company Payment Agreements and all
policies and requirements applicable to Company Payment Programs. The Company has not received any notice of termination or
non-renewal of any Company Payment Agreement or any notice asserting that it is in default of any Company Payment Agreement,
nor, to the Company’s knowledge, has any such termination, non-renewal or notice of default been threatened, other than with
respect to Company Payment Agreements whose termination or non-renewal would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since January 1, 2014, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries has received any written notice of any action pending or, to the knowledge of Company, threatened, to revoke, limit,
suspend or terminate the participation or enrollment of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries in any Company Payment
Program, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.
To the knowledge of the Company, no event has occurred which, with the giving of notice, the passage of time, or both, would
constitute grounds for termination, suspension or limitation in the participation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any
Company Payment Program, except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Material Adverse
Effect, (i) all claims submitted by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any Company Payment Program have been
submitted in compliance with all Health Care Laws, any applicable Company Payment Agreement and all other requirements
applicable to the given Company Payment Program, and (ii) to the extent the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation
to reverse any such claim or to refund any overpayment thereof under any Health Care Law, Company Payment Agreement or other
requirement applicable to the given Company Payment Program, the Company or such subsidiary has done so or will do so, in each
case within the timeframe required.

(e)   Except as disclosed on Section 5.12(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any ongoing reporting obligations pursuant to or under, any corporate integrity agreement, deferred
prosecution agreement, monitoring agreement, memorandum of agreement with the Drug Enforcement Administration, consent
decree, order, plan of correction or similar agreement with or imposed by any Governmental Authority. Except as disclosed on
Section 5.12(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries which is subject to any agreement
referenced in such Section has been, since such agreement went into effect, and currently is, in compliance with all requirements of
such agreement.

(f)   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
there is no claim, action, suit, investigation, audit, subpoena, investigative demand or administrative, regulatory or other legal
proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Company, threatened against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
relating to the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s participation in, or any non-compliance with requirements applicable to, any
Company Payment Program, Company Permit or Health Care Law. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, no Company Payment Program has imposed a fine, penalty or
other sanction on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has been debarred,
excluded or suspended from participation in any such program.

(g)   None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, nor any director, officer, employee or contractor of the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, (i) has been assessed a civil money penalty under Section 1128A of the Social Security Act or any regulations
promulgated thereunder, (ii) has been excluded, debarred or suspended from participation in any Federal Health Care Program or
any federal procurement program and non-procurement programs, (iii) has been convicted of any criminal offense relating to the
delivery of any item or service under a federal health care program or relating to the unlawful manufacture, distribution,
prescription, or dispensing of a prescription drug or a controlled substance or (iv) is a party to or subject to any investigation, action
or proceeding concerning any of the matters described above in clauses (i) through (iii) or that could reasonably be expected to
result in suspension, debarment or exclusion; provided, that with respect to employees and contractors of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries who are not officers or directors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, the representations and warranties set forth
in clauses (i), (iii) and (iv) are made only to the Company’s knowledge.

A-18



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 126/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(h)   None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or, to the Company’s knowledge, any officer, director, agent, employee or
other Person acting on behalf of the foregoing has since January 1, 2014 offered, paid, promised to pay, or authorized the payment
of any money, or offered, given, promised to give, or authorized the giving of anything of value to any officer, employee, agent, or
any other Person acting in an official capacity for any Governmental Authority (each, a “Government Official”), or to any other
Person under circumstances where the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their officers, directors, agents, employees, or
Persons acting on behalf of any of the foregoing knew or had reason to know that all or a portion of such money or thing of value
would be offered, promised, or given, directly or indirectly, to any Government Official, for the purpose of (a) influencing any act or
decision of such Government Official in his or her official capacity; (b) inducing such Government Official to do, or omit to do, any
act in relation to his or her lawful duty; (c) securing any improper advantage; or (d) inducing such Government Official to influence
or affect any act or decision of any Governmental Authority, in each case in order to assist the Company, any of its Subsidiaries, or
any of their officers, directors, agents, employees, or Persons acting on behalf of any of the foregoing in obtaining or retaining
business for or with, or directing business to, any Person.

Section 5.13. Litigation. There is no claim, action, suit or proceeding pending against, or, to the knowledge of the Company,
threatened in writing against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries before (or, in the case of threatened actions, suits or
proceedings, that would be before) or by any Governmental Authority, or any order, injunction, judgment, decree or ruling of any
Governmental Authority outstanding against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case except as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to the provisions of any judgment, order, writ, injunction, decree or award of any Governmental
Authority specifically imposed upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries which, individually or in the aggregate, is reasonably
likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

Section 5.14. Properties. (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good title to, or valid leasehold interests in, all property and assets
reflected on the Company Balance Sheet or acquired after the Company Balance Sheet Date, except as have been disposed of since
the Company Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business.

(b)   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
(i) each lease, sublease or license (each, a “Lease”) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries leases, subleases or licenses
any real property is valid and in full force and effect and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries, nor to the Company’s
knowledge any other party to a Lease, is in breach, violation or default of or under any provision of any Lease. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries owns any real property. Section 5.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedules contains a list of
all Leases of Company or any of its Subsidiaries with annual rent payments in excess of $172,000.

Section 5.15. Intellectual Property. Section 5.15 of the Company Disclosure Schedules contains a list of all Intellectual
Property registrations and applications therefor owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries as of the date hereof. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect: (a) the conduct of the
business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as currently conducted does not infringe on any Intellectual Property rights of any
Person; (b) to the knowledge of the Company, no Person is infringing on the Intellectual Property rights owned by the Company or
its Subsidiaries; (c) none of the Intellectual Property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any outstanding
judgment, injunction, order or decree restricting the use thereof by the Company or its Subsidiaries; (d) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have taken reasonable steps in accordance with normal industry practice to protect and maintain the (x) confidentiality
of all Intellectual Property owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries, the value of which to the Company and its Subsidiaries is
contingent upon maintaining the confidentiality thereof and (y) security, operation and integrity of all material systems and software
used in their businesses (and all data stored therein or processed thereby) and there have been no breaches, outages or unauthorized
access to or use of same; and (e) the Company and its Subsidiaries are the exclusive owners, free and clear of all Liens (other than
Permitted Liens), of all of their material proprietary Intellectual Property (and all of their material Intellectual Property registrations
and applications therefor are subsisting and unexpired). The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 5.15 and in
Section 5.08 and Section 5.13 constitute the only representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement relating to the
infringement of third party Intellectual Property.

A-19



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 127/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 5.16. Taxes. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect:

(a)   All Tax Returns required by Applicable Law to be filed with any Taxing Authority by, or on behalf of, the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries have been filed when due in accordance with all Applicable Law (taking into account all extensions), and all such
Tax Returns are true, correct and complete in all material respects.

(b)   The Company and each of its Subsidiaries has paid (or has had paid on its behalf) or has withheld and remitted to the
appropriate Taxing Authority all Taxes due and payable, except for Taxes being contested in good faith and for which adequate
reserves have been established on the financial statements of the Company, or, where payment is not yet due, has established (or has
had established on its behalf and for its sole benefit and recourse) in accordance with GAAP an adequate accrual for all such Taxes.

(c)   The federal income and franchise Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries through the Tax year ended December
31, 2011 and the state and local income and franchise Tax Returns of the Company and its Subsidiaries through the Tax year ended
December 31, 2010 have been examined and closed or are Tax Returns with respect to which the applicable period for assessment
under Applicable Law, after giving effect to extensions or waivers, has expired. There are no waivers or extensions of any statute of
limitations or any periods for assessment or collection requested or currently in effect with respect to any Taxes or Tax Returns of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(d)   There is no claim, audit, action, suit, proceeding or investigation now pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened
against or with respect to the Company or its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax. No jurisdiction in which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries has not filed a Tax Return has asserted in writing that the Company or such Subsidiary is required to file such Tax
Return, or is subject to taxation, in such jurisdiction.

(e)   Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has properly withheld, and paid over to the appropriate Taxing Authority, all
Taxes that it was required to withhold from any payment (including any dividend or interest payment) made to any employee,
independent contractor, creditor, stockholder or other third party.

(f)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (i) has received or applied for a Tax ruling or entered into a “closing
agreement” within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law), in each case,
that would be binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date, (ii) is or has been a member of any
affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group for purposes of filing Tax Returns or paying Taxes (other than a group
the common parent of which is or was the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company), (iii) is a party to, bound by, or obligated
under any Tax sharing, allocation, indemnity or similar agreement or arrangement (other than (x) any such agreement or
arrangement that is solely between or among the Company and/or any of its Subsidiaries, or (y) customary provisions in commercial
arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of its business and the primary purpose of which is not related to Taxes), or (iv) has
any liability for the Taxes of any Person (other than the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) under Treasury Regulation Section
1.1502-6 (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law), as a transferee or successor.

(g)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of income in, or exclude any item of
deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing Date, as a result of any (i)
change in method of accounting pursuant to Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law)
prior to the Closing, (ii) installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or entered into prior to the Closing Date, (iii)
prepaid amount received or paid on or prior to the Closing Date, (iv) election pursuant to Section 108(i) of the Code (or any similar
provision of state, local or foreign Law) or (v) intercompany transaction or excess loss account described in Section 1502 of the
Code (or any similar provision of state, local or foreign Law).

(h)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a “distributing corporation” or a “controlled corporation” within
the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code in a distribution intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the
Code in the two (2) years prior to the date of this Agreement.

(i)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in or has any liability or obligation with respect to any
“reportable transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.6011-4.

A-20



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 128/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(j)   There are no Liens with respect to Taxes upon any asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries other than Liens for
current Taxes not yet due and payable.

(k)   Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has taken any reporting position on any Tax Return which reporting
position (i) if not sustained would be reasonably likely, absent disclosure, to give rise to a penalty for substantial understatement of
federal income Tax under Section 6662 of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local, or foreign Tax Law) and (ii) has not
adequately been disclosed on such Tax Return in accordance with Section 6662(d)(2)(B) of the Code (or any similar provision of
state, local, or foreign Tax Law).

The representations and warranties set forth in this Section 5.16 and in Sections 5.08, 5.11 and Section 5.17 constitute the only
representations and warranties of the Company in this Agreement with respect to Taxes.

Section 5.17. Employee Benefit Plans. (a) Section 5.17(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists each Company Plan. For
each Company Plan, subject to Applicable Law, the Company has made available to Parent a copy of such plan and all material
amendments thereto, the most recently filed annual return/report (Form 5500), the most recent determination letter, if any, from the
IRS for any Company Plan that is intended to qualify pursuant to Section 401(a) of the Code, any related trust agreements,
insurance contracts, insurance policies or other documents of any funding arrangements, and any material notices or other
correspondence to or from the IRS or any office or representative of the United States Department of Labor or any similar
Governmental Authority received during the past two years.

(b)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries sponsors, maintains or contributes to any plan subject to Title IV of
ERISA, including any Multiemployer Plan. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has in the past six years sponsored,
maintained, administered or contributed to any plan subject to Title IV of ERISA, including any Multiemployer Plan. No Company
Plan is maintained outside the jurisdiction of the United States or covers any Company Service Provider who resides or works
outside of the United States.

(c)   Each Company Plan has been maintained in compliance with its terms and Applicable Law, except for failures to comply
that have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect. Each Company Plan that is intended to qualify for special tax treatment under Section 401(a) of the Code has received a
favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS, or the Company has applied to the IRS for such a letter within the applicable
remedial amendment period or such period has not expired and, to the Company’s knowledge, no circumstances exist that would
reasonably be expected to result in any such letter being revoked or not being issued or reissued or a penalty under the IRS Closing
Agreement Program if discovered during an IRS audit or investigation.

(d)   Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, neither the execution of this Agreement nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or together with any other event) will entitle any Company Service Provider to any
material payment or benefit or accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any material compensation or benefits, in either case
under any Company Plan, result in the payment of any amount that could, individually or in combination with any other such
payment, constitute an “excess parachute payment” as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code, or limit or restrict the right of the
Company or, after the Closing, Parent to merge, amend or terminate any of the Company Plans.

(e)   No Company Plan provides any post-retirement medical, dental or life insurance benefits to any current or former
Company Service Provider (other than coverage mandated by Applicable Law, including COBRA). Neither the Company nor any
Subsidiary has any obligation to provide, and no Company Plan or other agreement provides any individual with the right to, a
“gross-up”, indemnification, reimbursement or other payment for any excise or additional taxes, interests or penalties incurred
pursuant to Section 409A or under Section 4999 of the Code or due to the failure of any payment to such disqualified individual to
be deductible under Section 280G of the Code.

(f)   No action, suit, investigation, audit, proceeding or claim (other than routine claims for benefits) is pending against or
involves or, to the Company’s knowledge, is threatened against or threatened to involve, any Company Plan before any
Governmental Authority that, individually or in the aggregate, if determined or resolved adversely in accordance with the plaintiff’s
demands, would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

A-21



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 129/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 5.18. Employee and Labor Matters.

(a)   Except as set forth on Section 5.18(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or subject to, or is currently negotiating in connection with entering into, any collective bargaining
agreement or other contract or agreement with any labor organization or other representative of any Company Service Providers. To
the Company’s knowledge, as of the date hereof there is no labor union organizing activity being conducted with respect to any
material segment of the Company Service Providers, no petition or proceeding seeking union authorization has been filed, and no
such activity, proceeding, or petition has been conducted or filed within the past three years.

(b)   There is no labor strike, slowdown or work stoppage pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened against or
affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Service Provider (and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary
has experienced any such labor controversy within the past three years), except for such actions and events as would not reasonably
be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c)   All Company Service Providers are located in the United States.

(d)   Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, be reasonably likely to have a Company Material Adverse Effect,
the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with all Applicable Laws relating to employment, employment
practices, labor relations, payments of wages, and termination of employment, including but not limited to laws prohibiting
employment discrimination or retaliation, hours of work and the payment of wages or overtime wages, classification of employees
as exempt or non-exempt from overtime pay requirements, the provision of meal and rest breaks, classification of individuals as
non-employee contractors or consultants, health and safety and with the provisions of any collective bargaining agreement.

(e)   The entry into this Agreement by the Company or the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not entitle any labor union, works council or other labor organization to any information,
consent, bargaining or other rights with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company and each of its
Subsidiaries has complied in all material respects with its respective obligations under Applicable Law or any agreement with any
labor union or other employee representative body to bargain with, inform, consult with and/or obtain consent from any such entity
during the past two years.

(f)   The Company and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been since December 31, 2013, in material compliance with the
United States Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act (“WARN”) and any similar or comparable applicable foreign,
state, or local law pertaining to facility closings and mass layoffs and has no material liabilities thereunder. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has engaged in any plant closings or mass layoffs (as defined in WARN) or similar actions under
applicable foreign, state or local law, nor has any such action or program been announced or planned for the future.

Section 5.19. Environmental Matters. (a) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate,
a Company Material Adverse Effect:

(i)   no written notice, order, complaint or penalty has been received by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries issued
under any Environmental Laws, and there are no judicial, administrative or other third-party actions, suits or proceedings
pending or, to the Company’s knowledge, threatened which allege a violation by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any
Environmental Laws;

(ii)   the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have all environmental permits necessary for their operations to comply
with all applicable Environmental Laws and are in compliance with the terms of such permits; and

(iii)   the operations of the Company and each of its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the terms of applicable
Environmental Laws.

(b)   Except as set forth in Section 5.08 and this Section 5.19, no representations or warranties are being made by the Company
with respect to matters arising under or relating to environmental matters, including any matters arising under Environmental Law.

A-22



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 130/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 5.20. Material Contracts. (a) Section 5.20(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule contains an accurate and complete
list of each Contract described below in this Section 5.20(a) (other than this Agreement and documents filed as exhibits to any
Company SEC Document) under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any current or future rights, responsibilities,
obligations or liabilities (in each case, whether contingent or otherwise), in each case as of the date hereof (each contract of a type
described in this Section 5.20(a), other than a Company Plan, a “Material Contract”):

(i)   each Contract that (A) limits in any respect the freedom of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to compete in any
line of business or geographic region, or with any Person, or (B) contains any “most favored nation” provision, exclusive
dealing arrangement or arrangement that grants any right of first refusal, first offer, first negotiation or similar preferential right
to any other Person;

(ii)   any partnership, joint venture, strategic alliance, collaboration, co-promotion or research and development project
Contract that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(iii)   each Contract relating to outstanding indebtedness of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for borrowed money or
any financial guaranty thereof, other than (A) contracts among the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries and (B)
financial guarantees required by Applicable Law to secure obligations to state board of pharmacies, state Medicaid agencies or
similar Governmental Authorities or self-regulatory organizations, in each case entered into in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice not exceeding $7.5 Million in the aggregate;

(iv)   any Contract with any (A) present or former director or officer of the Company, (B) beneficial owner (as defined in
Rule 13d-3 under the 1934 Act) of 5% or more of the Shares or (C) Affiliate of any Person described in the foregoing clauses
(A) or (B), other than any confidentiality agreements, invention assignment agreements, non-competition agreements in favor
of the Company or its Subsidiaries, indemnification agreements with directors and officers of the Company, Company Plans
and contracts in connection therewith;

(v)   any Contract (excluding licenses for commercial off-the-shelf computer software with annual fees of less than
$400,000 and non-exclusive licenses granted by the Company in the ordinary course of business) to which the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries is a party or otherwise bound and pursuant to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (A) is granted
any license, option or covenant not sue or other rights in or to use any Intellectual Property of a Third Party or (B) has granted
to a Third Party any license, option or covenant not to sue or other rights in or to use any Intellectual Property, and, in the case
of both (A) and (B), which contract is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

(vi)   any Contract that is a “material contract” (as such term is defined in Item 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K of the SEC);

(vii)   any Contract that limits the incurrence of indebtedness or the declaration or payment of dividends or otherwise
imposes a Lien, or restricts the granting of Liens, on any material property or asset of the Company or its Subsidiaries;

(viii)   any Contract providing for a put to the Company or its Subsidiaries or a call of any material assets of the Company
or its Subsidiaries;

(ix)   any acquisition agreement, asset purchase agreement, stock purchase agreement or other Contract pursuant to which
(A) the Company or any Subsidiary is seeking to acquire a business or material assets with value (or for consideration) in
excess of $10 Million, (B) any other Person has the right to acquire any assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries (or any
interests therein) after the date of this Agreement with a purchase price of more than $4 Million or (C) that provides for earn-
outs, profit sharing or contingent payments with respect to an acquisition of a business or material assets;

(x)   any Contract with any Governmental Authority that is material to the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole;

(xi)   any Contract that obligates the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to make any capital expenditure or investment not
contemplated by the Capital Expenditure Budget in excess of $2 Million;

A-23



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 131/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(xii)   any Contract that relates to the settlement of, or other arrangements with respect to, any current or former claim,
suit, action, investigation or proceeding (A) with any Governmental Authority, (B) that materially restricts or imposes
obligations upon the Company or its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (C) which would require the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries to pay consideration of more than $2 Million after the date of this Agreement; or

(xiii)   any Contract pursuant to which the Company or any Subsidiary (A) made payments in excess of $5 Million in the
calendar year ended December 31, 2016, (B) is obligated to make payments in excess of $5 Million in any twelve month period
ending after the date hereof, (C) received payments in excess of $17 Million in the calendar year ended December 31, 2016 or
(D) shall receive payments in excess of $17 Million in any twelve month period ending after the date hereof; in each case
(other than with respect to any pharmacy benefit management contracts), which contract is not terminable without penalty upon
notice of 60 days or less.

(b)   The Company has provided to Parent an accurate and complete copy of each Material Contract. Except for breaches,
violations or defaults which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect, (i) each of the Material Contracts is valid and in full force and effect and (ii) neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries, nor to the Company’s knowledge any other party to a Material Contract, is in violation of any provision of any
Material Contract.

Section 5.21. Finders’ Fees. Except for Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and UBS Securities LLC, there is
no investment banker, financial advisor, broker, finder or other intermediary that has been retained by or is authorized to act on
behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who is or will be entitled to any fee or commission from the Company or any of its
Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. True and correct copies all of agreements with
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated and UBS Securities LLC relating to such fees or commissions (or otherwise
relating to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement) have been furnished to Parent prior to the date hereof.

Section 5.22. Opinion of Financial Advisor. The Company has received the opinion of each of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner &
Smith Incorporated and UBS Securities LLC, financial advisors to the Company, to the effect that, as of the date of this Agreement,
the Merger Consideration is fair to the Company’s stockholders from a financial point of view.

Section 5.23. Antitakeover Statutes; Rights Plan. The Board has taken all action necessary so that (assuming the accuracy of
Parent’s representations in Section 6.10) Section 203 of Delaware Law is inapplicable to, and to the knowledge of the Company no
other “moratorium”, “control share acquisition,” “business combination,” “fair price” or other form of anti-takeover laws or
regulations is applicable to, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Company does not have in
effect any “poison pill” or shareholder rights plan.

Section 5.24. Insurance. Section 5.24 of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all material insurance policies
(other than title insurance) maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Insurance Policies”) as of the
date hereof, copies of which have been made available to Parent. Each such Insurance Policy is in full force and effect and all
premiums due with respect to all Insurance Policies have been paid. As of the date hereof, there is no claim pending under any
Insurance Policy as to which coverage has been denied or disputed by the underwriters of such Insurance Policy (provided, that a
reservation right by the underwriters of such Insurance Policy shall not, to the extent such reservation of rights is set forth on
Section 5.24 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, constitute a denial or dispute for purposes of this representation). Since January
1, 2016 up to the date hereof, no notice of cancellation of any Insurance Policy has been received, which Insurance Policy cannot be
replaced in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices. No policy limits of the Insurance Policies have been
exhausted, materially eroded or reduced and policies providing substantially similar insurance coverage have been in effect
continuously since January 1, 2014.

A-24



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 132/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE 6
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT

Parent represents and warrants to the Company that:

Section 6.01. Corporate Existence and Power. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is duly organized, validly existing and in (where
applicable) good standing under the laws of its jurisdiction of organization and has all corporate powers required to carry on its
business as now conducted, except for any failure to be so organized, existing and in good standing and any failure to have such
powers as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect. Since the
date of its incorporation, Merger Sub has not engaged in any activities other than in connection with or as contemplated by this
Agreement. Merger Sub was organized solely for the purpose of consummating the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement. All of the outstanding shares of capital stock of Merger Sub have been validly issued, are fully paid and non-
assessable and are owned by, and at the Effective Time will be owned by, Parent, free and clear of all Liens.

Section 6.02. Corporate Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of this
Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby are within the corporate
powers of each of Parent and Merger Sub and have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of each of
Parent and Merger Sub. Each of Parent and Merger Sub has duly executed and delivered this Agreement, and, assuming due
authorization, execution and delivery by the Company, this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding agreement of each of Parent
and Merger Sub, enforceable against each in accordance with its terms (except insofar as such enforceability may be limited by the
Enforceability Exceptions).

Section 6.03. Governmental Authorization. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this
Agreement and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby require no action by or in
respect of, or filing by Parent or Merger Sub with, any Governmental Authority, other than (a) compliance with any applicable
requirements of the HSR Act and of Applicable Laws analogous to the HSR Act existing in jurisdictions outside of the United
States, (b) compliance with any applicable requirements of the 1933 Act, the 1934 Act and any other applicable securities laws, (c)
the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and appropriate documents with the
relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in which the Company is qualified to do business, (d) compliance with the rules and
regulations of any national securities exchange on which securities of Parent are listed and (e) any other actions or filings (i)
required solely by reason of the participation of the Company (as opposed to any Third Party) in the transactions contemplated
hereby or (ii) the absence of which would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material
Adverse Effect.

Section 6.04. Non-Contravention. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement and
the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the transactions contemplated hereby do not and will not (a) contravene, conflict
with, or result in any violation or breach of any provision of the organizational documents of Parent or Merger Sub, (b) assuming
compliance with the matters referred to in Section 6.03, contravene, conflict with, or result in a violation or breach of any provision
of any Applicable Law or (c) assuming compliance with the matters referred to in Section 6.03, require any consent or other action
by any Person under, constitute a default under, or cause or permit the termination or cancellation of any agreement binding upon
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (d) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, with only such exceptions, in the case of each of clauses (b) through (d), as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.05. Proxy Statement. (a) The information with respect to Parent and any of its Subsidiaries that Parent supplies to the
Company specifically for use in any Company Disclosure Document (including the Proxy Statement) will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the
statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading at the time of the filing of such
Company Disclosure Document or any supplement or amendment thereto and at the time of any distribution or dissemination
thereof.

A-25



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 133/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b)   The representations and warranties contained in this Section 6.05 shall not apply to statements or omissions included or
incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement based upon information supplied in writing to Parent or Merger Sub by the
Company or any of its Representatives specifically for use or incorporation by reference therein.

Section 6.06. Finders’ Fees. There is no investment banker, financial advisor, broker, finder or other intermediary that has been
retained by or is authorized to act on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub who is or will be entitled to any fee or commission prior to the
Closing from the Company or any of its Affiliates in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6.07. Financing. (a) Parent has delivered to the Company complete, correct and fully executed copies of (i) all
commitment letters or other agreements (provided, that provisions in the fee letter relating solely to fees and economic terms agreed
to by the parties may be redacted (none of which redacted provisions adversely affect the availability of or impose additional
conditions on, the availability of the Debt Financing (as defined below) at the Closing) (the “Debt Commitment Letters”) to which
Parent or any of its Subsidiaries is a party relating to any debt financing to be obtained by Parent and its Subsidiaries in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby (the “Debt Financing”) and (ii) equity commitment letters (the “Equity Commitment
Letters” and, together with the Debt Commitment Letters, the “Commitment Letters”) from each of Walgreens Boots Alliance,
Inc. and KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (each, an “Equity Investor”) pursuant to which each Equity Investor has committed to
provide cash equity to Parent in the respective aggregate amount, and subject to the terms and conditions, set forth therein (the
“Equity Financing”) (the Equity Financing, together with the Debt Financing, collectively referred to as the “Financing”). For
purposes of this Agreement, “Financing Sources” means, collectively, the sources of Financing of any Commitment Letter.

(b)   As of the date hereof, each of the Commitment Letters is in full force and effect and is a valid and binding obligation of
Parent, the Equity Investors (in the case of the Equity Commitment Letters) and, to the knowledge of Parent, each of the other
parties thereto (except insofar as such enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions). As of the date hereof, no
event has occurred that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default, breach or failure to satisfy a
condition precedent on the part of Parent or any of its Affiliates or, to the knowledge of Parent, any other party thereto, in each case,
under the terms and conditions of the Commitment Letters, other than any such default, breach or failure that has been waived by
the lenders or otherwise cured in a timely manner by Parent to the satisfaction of the lenders, and, assuming (A) the accuracy of the
representations and warranties set forth in Article V, (B) the performance by the Company and its Subsidiaries of their obligations
contained in this Agreement and (C) the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 and Section 10.02 are satisfied at Closing, Parent has
no reason to believe that any of the conditions to the Financing contemplated by the Commitment Letters will not be satisfied on a
timely basis. There are no side letters, other agreements, contingencies or conditions precedent to the obligations of counterparties
to the Commitment Letter to provide the Financing or that would permit such counterparties to reduce the total amount of the
Financing, except as set forth or described in the Commitment Letters. The aggregate proceeds of the Debt Financing, the Equity
Financing and the cash or cash equivalents held by Parent and the Company, as of the Effective Time, will be sufficient to enable
Parent and Merger Sub to pay in cash all amounts required to be paid by them in cash on the Closing Date in connection with the
transactions contemplated hereby and to pay their respective related fees and expenses (the “Required Amount”).

(c)   Parent and Merger Sub expressly acknowledge and agree that their obligations hereunder, including their obligations to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, are not subject to, or conditioned on, receipt of financing.

Section 6.08. Limited Guarantee; Support Agreement. (a) Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent has
delivered to the Company a limited guarantee of each Equity Investor, dated as of the date of this Agreement, in favor of the
Company with respect to certain obligations of Parent and Merger Sub under this Agreement (each, a “Limited Guarantee”). Each
Limited Guarantee is in full force and effect and is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the respective Equity Investor party
thereto, enforceable (except insofar as such enforceability may be limited by the Enforceability Exceptions) against such Equity
Investor in accordance with its terms. As of the date hereof, there is no default under the Limited Guarantees by the Equity
Investors, and no event has occurred that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would constitute a default thereunder by the
Equity Investors.

A-26



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 134/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b)   Concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, the Equity Investors have delivered to the Company the Support
Agreement, dated as of the date of this Agreement, in favor of the Company. The Support Agreement is in full force and effect and
is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Equity Investors, enforceable (except insofar as such enforceability may be limited by
the Enforceability Exceptions) against the Equity Investors in accordance with its terms. As of the date hereof, there is no default
under the Support Agreement by the Equity Investors, and no event has occurred that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both,
would constitute a default thereunder by the Equity Investors.

Section 6.09. Litigation. As of the date hereof, there is no claim, action, suit or proceeding pending against, or, to the
knowledge of Parent, threatened in writing against, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries before (or, in the case of threatened actions,
suits or proceedings, that would be before) or by any Governmental Authority, or any order, injunction, judgment, decree or ruling
of any Governmental Authority outstanding against the Parent, in each case, except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 6.10. Ownership of Shares. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub is, or at any time during the last three years has been, an
“interested stockholder” of the Company within the meaning of Section 203 of Delaware Law. Prior to and as of the date of this
Agreement, neither Parent nor Merger Sub has taken, or authorized any Representative of Parent or Merger Sub to take, or has
knowledge that any Representative of Parent or Merger Sub has taken, any action that would cause either Parent or Merger Sub to
be deemed an “interested stockholder” within the meaning of Section 203 of Delaware Law. Neither Parent nor Merger Sub nor any
of their affiliates or associates (as defined in Section 203 of Delaware Law) owns (within the meaning of Section 203 of Delaware
Law) any Shares or holds any rights to acquire any Shares, except pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 6.11. Absence of Certain Agreements. As of the date hereof, neither Parent nor any of its Affiliates has entered into any
contract, arrangement or understanding (in each case, whether oral or written), or authorized, committed or agreed to enter into any
contract, arrangement or understanding (in each case, whether oral or written), pursuant to which any stockholder of the Company
would be entitled to receive consideration of a different amount or nature than the Merger Consideration.

Section 6.12. Management Agreements. Other than this Agreement, as of the date hereof, there are no contracts, undertakings,
commitments, agreements or obligations or understandings between Parent or Merger Sub or any of their Affiliates, on the one
hand, and any member of the Company’s management or the Board, on the other hand, relating in any way to the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or the operations of the Company after the Effective Time.

Section 6.13. Acknowledgement of No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties set
forth in Article 5, each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges and agrees that no representation or warranty of any kind
whatsoever, express or implied, at law or in equity, is made or shall be deemed to have been made by or on behalf of the Company
to Parent or Merger Sub, and each of Parent and Merger Sub hereby disclaims reliance on any such other representation or warranty,
whether by or on behalf of the Company, and notwithstanding the delivery or disclosure to Parent or Merger Sub, or any of their
Representatives or Affiliates, of any documentation or other information by the Company or any of its Representatives or Affiliates
with respect to any one or more of the foregoing. Each of Parent and Merger Sub also acknowledges and agrees that the Company
makes no representation or warranty with respect to any projections, forecasts or other estimates, plans or budgets of future
revenues, expenses or expenditures, future results of operations (or any component thereof), future cash flows (or any component
thereof) or future financial condition (or any component thereof) of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the future business,
operations or affairs of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries heretofore or hereafter delivered to or made available to Parent,
Merger Sub or their respective Representatives or Affiliates.

ARTICLE 7
COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY

The Company agrees that:

Section 7.01. Conduct of the Company. Except with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth in this Section 7.01 of
the Company Disclosure Schedule or as required by Applicable Law, from the date hereof until the Effective Time, the Company
shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, conduct its business in

A-27



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 135/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the ordinary course and use its commercially reasonable efforts to preserve intact its business organizations and relationships with
Third Parties and to keep available the services of its present officers and Key Employees. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except with the prior written consent of Parent (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed), as expressly contemplated by this Agreement, as set forth in Section 7.01 of the Company Disclosure Schedule or as
required by Applicable Law, from the date hereof until the Effective Time, the Company shall not, nor shall it permit any of its
Subsidiaries to:

(a)   amend its certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other similar organizational documents;

(b)   (i) split, combine or reclassify any shares of its capital stock, (ii) declare, set aside or pay any dividend or other
distribution (whether in cash, stock or property or any combination thereof) in respect of its capital stock, except for dividends by
any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries or (iii) redeem, repurchase or otherwise acquire or offer to redeem, repurchase, or otherwise
acquire any Company Securities or any Company Subsidiary Securities, except as required by the terms of any Company Plan;

(c)    (i) issue, deliver or sell, or authorize the issuance, delivery or sale of, any shares of any Company Securities or Company
Subsidiary Securities, other than the issuance of (A) any Shares upon the exercise of Company Options in accordance with the terms
of those options on the date of this Agreement, (B) any Shares upon the settlement of Vested Company Stock Units in accordance
with the terms of those Company Stock Units on the date of this Agreement, and (C) any Company Subsidiary Securities to the
Company or any other Subsidiary of the Company or (ii) amend any term of any Company Security or any Company Subsidiary
Security, except as required by the terms of any Company Plan;

(d)   acquire (by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or otherwise), directly or indirectly, any material amount
of assets, securities, properties, interests or businesses, other than (i) pursuant to existing contracts or commitments set forth on
Section 7.01(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (ii) acquisitions of inventory and equipment in the ordinary course of
business;

(e)   sell, lease, license, sublicense, allow to lapse or expire, encumber, subject to a Lien or otherwise transfer any of its
material assets, securities, rights, properties, interests or businesses, other than (i) pursuant to existing contracts or commitments set
forth on Section 7.01(e) of the Company Disclosure Schedule or (ii) sales of inventory and equipment in the ordinary course of
business;

(f)   other than in connection with acquisitions permitted by Section 7.01(d), make any material loans, advances or capital
contributions to, or investments in, any other Person (other than loans or advances among the Company and any of its wholly owned
Subsidiaries and capital contributions to or investments in its wholly owned Subsidiaries), other than advances to employees of
ordinary course, business-related expenses or advances of trade credit to the Company’s customers, in each case in the ordinary
course of business;

(g)   incur, assume or refinance any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantees thereof, or enter into any swap, hedging or
other derivative contract, other than (i) borrowings under the Company’s revolving credit facility (as set forth in the Credit
Agreement) in an amount not to exceed $200 Million outstanding at one time or (ii) indebtedness for borrowed money incurred
between the Company and any of its wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries or between any of such wholly owned U.S. Subsidiaries or
guarantees by the Company of indebtedness of any wholly owned U.S. Subsidiary of the Company;

(h)   except as may be required by Applicable Law, or provided under any Company Plan or collective bargaining agreement in
effect on the date hereof that has been disclosed to Parent prior to the date hereof, (i) increase the compensation or benefits provided
to any Company Service Provider other than annual monetary increases in salary to any Company Service Provider that is not a Key
Employee in the ordinary course consistent with past practice, (ii) grant or award any bonus or incentive compensation to any Key
Employee, (iii) establish, adopt, enter into, terminate or materially amend any Company Plan or collective bargaining agreement,
(iv) grant any equity or equity-based awards to, or discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any such awards held by, any
Company Service Provider or (v) grant or increase any potential severance retention or termination pay to any Company Service
Provider;

(i)   change the Company’s methods of accounting, except as required by concurrent changes in GAAP or in Regulation S-X of
the 1934 Act, as agreed to by its independent public accountants;

A-28



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 136/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(j)   make or change any Tax election, change any annual tax accounting period, adopt or change any method of tax accounting,
materially amend any Tax Returns or file claims for material Tax refunds, enter into any closing agreement, agree to an extension or
waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of any material Taxes, settle or compromise any
material Tax claim, audit or assessment, or surrender any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax
liability;

(k)   (A) materially amend or terminate any Material Contract or enter into any contract that would, if entered into prior to the
date hereof, constitute a Material Contract or (B) waive, release or assign any material rights or claims under any Material Contract;

(l)   make any capital expenditure not contemplated by the capital expenditure budget set forth on Section 7.01(l) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule (the “Capital Expenditure Budget”);

(m)   adopt or put into effect a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation, legal entity
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of the Company or enter into a new line of business;

(n)   settle any claim, lawsuit, court action or other court proceeding, arbitration, governmental or administrative investigation,
audit or inquiry; except for any settlement in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice that requires payment by
the Company or any Subsidiary of less than $3 Million in any individual settlement (or $5 Million in the aggregate for all
settlements) and that does not impose any material restriction on or changes to the business or operations of, the Company or any
Subsidiary;

(o)   enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement or other contract or agreement with any labor organization or
other representative of any Company Service Providers;

(p)   permit any Insurance Policy to lapse or take any actions which would reasonably be expected to result in any such
Insurance Policy becoming void or voidable; or

(q)   agree, resolve or commit to do any of the foregoing.

Section 7.02. Access to Information. (a) From the date hereof until the Effective Time, subject to Applicable Law, the Company
shall (i) give Parent and its Representatives, upon reasonable notice, reasonable access to the offices, properties, books and records
of the Company and its Subsidiaries, (ii) furnish to Parent and its Representatives such financial and operating data and other
information (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the work papers of the Company’s auditors to the extent Parent has executed a
release in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Company’s auditors) as such Persons may reasonably request and (iii) instruct its
Representatives to cooperate reasonably with Parent in its investigation of the Company and its Subsidiaries. Any investigation
pursuant to this Section 7.02 shall be conducted in such manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the business of
the Company and its Subsidiaries. Nothing in this Section 7.02 shall require the Company to provide any access, or to disclose any
information (A) if providing such access or disclosing such information would violate any Applicable Law (including antitrust and
privacy laws) or binding agreement entered into prior to the date of this Agreement or (B) protected by attorney-client privilege to
the extent such privilege cannot be protected by the Company through exercise of its reasonable efforts; provided that the Company
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to provide to Parent substitute information.

(b)   All information exchanged pursuant to Section 7.02(a) shall be subject to the use and disclosure provisions set forth in the
confidentiality agreement dated as of September 9, 2015 between the Company and KKR and the confidentiality agreement dated as
of June 1, 2016 between the Company and Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (the “Confidentiality Agreements”) as if the
Confidentiality Agreements were in effect until earlier of the Closing and the End Date.

Section 7.03. No-Solicitation. (a) From the date hereof until the Effective Time, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries
or their respective officers and directors shall and the Company shall not direct and shall use its reasonable best efforts to cause its
and its Subsidiaries’ Representatives not to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or take any action to knowingly facilitate or
encourage any effort or attempt to submit an Acquisition Proposal or any proposal or offer that may reasonably be expected to lead
to an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) enter into, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions or negotiations with, furnish any
confidential information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books
or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to or otherwise knowingly cooperate in any way with

A-29



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 137/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

any Person relating to an Acquisition Proposal or to any proposal or offer that may reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Parent the Company Recommendation, fail to make or reaffirm the
Company Recommendation as required by this Agreement or when reasonably requested by Parent to do so after the public
disclosure of an Acquisition Proposal, fail to recommend against acceptance of a tender or exchange offer for any Company
Securities that constitutes an Acquisition Proposal or refrain from taking a position with respect to such Acquisition Proposal by the
close of business on the tenth business day after the commencement of such Acquisition Proposal pursuant to Rule 14d-2 under the
Exchange Act, (iv) adopt, approve, recommend or publicly propose to recommend, or agree to any Acquisition Proposal or approve,
endorse, recommend, or enter into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, merger agreement, acquisition agreement,
option agreement or other similar instrument relating to an Acquisition Proposal (each, an “Acquisition Proposal
Documentation”) (any of the foregoing in clauses (iii) and (iv), an “Adverse Recommendation Change”). The Company shall
not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, release or permit the release of any Person from, waive or permit the waiver of any right
under, fail to enforce any provision of, or grant any consent or make any election under, any confidentiality, standstill or similar
agreement with any Person with respect to any class of equity securities of the Company or its Subsidiaries, unless the Board
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent
with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law and such release is limited to the extent reasonably necessary to allow such Person to
make a confidential Acquisition Proposal to the Board and such release is conditioned upon the Company being able to share such
confidential Acquisition Proposal with Parent.

(b)   The Company shall (i) use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the return or the destruction of, in accordance with the
terms of the applicable confidentiality agreement and to the extent the Company is entitled to have such information returned or
destroyed, confidential information previously furnished by the Company, its Subsidiaries or its or their respective Representatives
to any such Person in connection with the consideration of any Acquisition Proposal and (ii) cause any physical or virtual data room
to no longer be accessible to any such Person in connection with the consideration of any Acquisition Proposal other than the
Company, Parent and their respective Affiliates and Representatives.

(c)   Exceptions. Notwithstanding Section 7.03(a), at any time prior to the receipt of the Stockholder Approval:

(i)   If, after receipt of a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal (if the Company did not materially violate Section 7.03(a))
from any Person or group, the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial
advisers, that such Acquisition Proposal is, or is reasonably likely to lead to, a Superior Proposal and that failure to take the
actions set forth in clauses (A) or (B) would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Applicable
Law, the Company, directly or indirectly through any of its Representatives or other intermediaries, may (A) engage in
negotiations or discussions with such Third Party with respect to such Acquisition Proposal and (B) furnish to such Third Party
or its Representatives non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and afford access to the
business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pursuant to a Third Party
Confidentiality Agreement; provided that all such information (to the extent that such information has not been previously
provided or made available to Parent) is provided or made available to Parent, as the case may be, prior to or substantially
concurrently with the time it is provided or made available to such Third Party and that the Company complies with Section
7.03(d);

(ii)   the Board may make an Adverse Recommendation Change if, after receipt of a bona fide written Acquisition
Proposal (if the Company did not materially violate Section 7.03(a)) from any Person or group that has not been withdrawn,
(X) the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisers, that such
Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal (and continues to be a Superior Proposal after the Company has complied with
Section 7.03(e)) and failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law and (Y)
the Company has complied in all material respects with Sections 7.03(d) and (e); and

(iii)   the Company may terminate this Agreement to enter into Acquisition Proposal Documentation with respect to a
Superior Proposal if, after receipt of a bona fide written Acquisition Proposal (if the Company did not materially violate
Section 7.03(a)) from any Person or group that has not been withdrawn,

A-30



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 138/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(X) the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisers, that such
Acquisition Proposal is a Superior Proposal (and continues to be a Superior Proposal after the Company has complied with
Section 7.03(e)) and failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law, (Y) the
Company has complied in all material respects with Sections 7.03(d) and (e); and (Z) the Company pays in immediately
available funds the Company Termination Fee to Parent concurrently with such termination.

In addition, without prejudice to the provisions of Section 7.03(a) or Section 7.03(c) and notwithstanding anything to the
contrary in this Agreement, the Company or the Board may (i) take and disclose to the Company’s stockholders a position
contemplated by Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the 1934 Act (or any similar communication to stockholders in
connection with the making or amendment of a tender offer or exchange offer) or make any legally required disclosure to
stockholders with regard to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or an Acquisition Proposal (provided that neither the
Company nor the Board may recommend any Acquisition Proposal unless permitted by this Section 7.03(c)), (ii) issue a “stop, look
and listen” disclosure or similar communication of the type contemplated by Rule 14d-9(f) under the 1934 Act or (iii) contact and
engage in discussions with any Person or group and their respective Representatives who has made an Acquisition Proposal that was
not solicited in breach of this Section 7.03 solely for the purpose of clarifying such Acquisition Proposal and the terms thereof to
determine whether there is a reasonable probability that such Acquisition Proposal is or could reasonably be expected to lead to a
Superior Proposal.

“Third Party Confidentiality Agreement” means a confidentiality agreement with terms no less favorable to the Company
than those contained in the Confidentiality Agreement; provided that such confidentiality agreement may contain a provision that
does no more than permit the counterparty to make a confidential proposal to the Company; provided that such confidentiality
agreement shall permit the Company to share such proposal to Parent. To the extent the Company enters into such confidentiality
agreement, the Confidentiality Agreements shall be deemed to be amended to contain only such less restrictive provision.

(d)   Required Notices. The Company shall notify Parent within twenty-four (24) hours after receipt by the Company (or any of
its Representatives) of any Acquisition Proposal or any request for non-public information relating to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by any
Person that has notified the Company that it may be considering making, or has made, an Acquisition Proposal, which notice shall
include the identity of such Person, the material terms of any Acquisition Proposal and copies of any written materials submitted in
connection with any Acquisition Proposal and the Company shall keep Parent reasonably informed of the status and material terms
and conditions of any Acquisition Proposal (including any change to the financial terms or other material changes to the terms
thereof and by providing to Parent copies of any material written materials relating to such Acquisition Proposal that have not
already been so provided) or the nature of any information requested of the Company or its Subsidiaries with respect thereto.

(e)   Last Look. Neither the Board nor the Company shall make an Adverse Recommendation Change pursuant to Section
7.03(c)(ii) or terminate this Agreement to enter into Acquisition Proposal Documentation with respect to a Superior Proposal
pursuant to Section 7.03(c)(iii) unless, promptly after the Board has made the determination set forth in clause (X) of Section
7.03(c)(ii) and/or clause (X) of Section 7.03(c)(iii) following receipt of a bona fide Acquisition Proposal (so long as the Company
did not materially violate Section 7.03(a)), (i) the Company shall have notified Parent (the “Determination Notice”), in writing and
at least three Business Days prior to taking such action, of its intention to take such action, specifying, in reasonable detail, the
reasons for the Adverse Recommendation Change and/or the reasons the Company intends to terminate this Agreement (including,
in each case, a description of the identity of the Person making the Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of the
Superior Proposal and copies of the most recent drafts of any Acquisition Proposal Documentation), (ii) the Company shall have
given Parent three Business Days after the delivery of the Determination Notice to propose revisions to the terms of this Agreement
or make another proposal so that such Acquisition Proposal would cease to constitute a Superior Proposal and, if requested by
Parent, the Company shall have negotiated with Parent in good faith during such three Business Day period, (iii) after considering
the proposals made by Parent, the Board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial
advisors, such Acquisition Proposal continues to constitute a Superior Proposal and that failure to make the Adverse
Recommendation Change would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under Applicable Law. The provisions of this Section
7.03(e) shall also apply to any revision to the financial terms of any

A-31



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 139/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Acquisition Proposal or other material amendment to any Acquisition Proposal and any such revision or amendment shall require
the delivery of a new Determination Notice, except that all references in this Section 7.03(e) to three Business Days shall be deemed
to be two Business Days.

(f)   Definition of Superior Proposal. For purposes of this Agreement, “Superior Proposal” means a bona fide, unsolicited
Acquisition Proposal for at least a majority of the outstanding Shares or all or substantially all of the consolidated assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries on terms that the Board determines in good faith (after taking into account any revisions to the terms
of the transaction proposed by Parent including as contemplated by Section 7.03(e)), after consulting with the Company’s outside
legal and financial advisors), is reasonably likely to be consummated in accordance with its terms, and would, if consummated,
result in a transaction more favorable to the Company’s stockholders (in their capacities as such) from a financial point of view than
the Merger (after taking into account any revisions to this Agreement made or agreed to by Parent in writing prior to the time of
such determination).

ARTICLE 8
COVENANTS OF PARENT

Parent agrees that:

Section 8.01. Conduct of Parent. Other than (i) with respect to the Debt Financing and other matters that are the subject of
Section 8.06, which shall be governed solely by Section 8.06, or (ii) with respect to obtaining approvals or clearances (including
antitrust or competition approvals or clearances) from any Governmental Entity required to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (and any actions (including Antitrust Actions) or failure to take any actions (including any
Antitrust Actions) related thereto), which shall be governed solely by Section 9.01, from the date of this Agreement to the Effective
Time, Parent shall not take any action that is intended to, or would reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate,
prevent, materially delay or materially impede the ability of Parent and Merger Sub to consummate the Merger or the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 8.02. Obligations of Merger Sub. Parent shall take all action necessary to cause Merger Sub to perform its obligations
under this Agreement and to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

Section 8.03. Director and Officer Liability. Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation, and the Surviving Corporation
hereby agrees, to do the following:

(a)   For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, indemnify and hold
harmless the present and former directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents of the Company and its Subsidiaries and any
individuals serving in such capacity at or with respect to other Persons at the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ request (each, an
“Indemnified Person”) from and against any losses, damages, liabilities, costs, expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments,
fines, penalties and amounts paid in settlement (including all interest, assessments and other charges paid or payable in connection
with or in respect of any thereof) in respect of the Indemnified Persons’ having served in such capacity prior to the Effective Time,
in each case to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware Law or any other Applicable Law or provided under the Company’s
certificate of incorporation and bylaws in effect on the date hereof. If any Indemnified Person is made party to any claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation arising out of or relating to matters that would be indemnifiable pursuant to the immediately
preceding sentence, Parent shall, and shall cause the Company to, advance fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys’ fees and
disbursements) as incurred by such Indemnified Person in connection with and prior to the final disposition of such claim, action,
suit, proceeding or investigation in each case to the extent the Company is required to do so and on the same terms as provided in
the Company’s bylaws as of the date hereof.

(b)   For six years after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause to be maintained in effect provisions in the Surviving
Corporation’s certificate of incorporation and bylaws (or in such documents of any successor to the business of the Surviving
Corporation) regarding elimination of liability of directors, indemnification of directors, officers, employees, fiduciaries and agents
and advancement of fees, costs and expenses that are no less advantageous to the intended beneficiaries than the corresponding
provisions in existence on the date of this Agreement.

A-32



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 140/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c)   From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to honor and comply
with their respective obligations under any indemnification agreement with any Indemnified Person that were provided to Parent
prior to the date hereof, and not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any such agreement in any manner that would adversely affect
any right of any Indemnified Person thereunder.

(d)   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall or, if the Company is unable to, Parent shall cause the Surviving
Corporation as of the Effective Time to, obtain and fully pay the premium for the non-cancellable extension of the directors’ and
officers’ liability coverage of the Company’s existing directors’ and officers’ insurance policies and the Company’s existing
fiduciary liability insurance policies (collectively, “D&O Insurance”), which D&O Insurance shall (i) be for a claims reporting or
discovery period of at least six years from and after the Effective Time with respect to any claim related to any period of time at or
prior to the Effective Time, (ii) be from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance
carrier with respect to D&O Insurance and (iii) have terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable
than the coverage provided under the Company’s existing policies with respect to any actual or alleged error, misstatement,
misleading statement, act, omission, neglect, breach of duty or any matter claimed against an Indemnified Person by reason of him
or her having served in such capacity that existed or occurred at or prior to the Effective Time (including in connection with this
Agreement or the transactions or actions contemplated hereby). If the Company or the Surviving Corporation for any reason fails to
obtain such “tail” insurance policies as of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall continue to maintain in effect, for a
period of at least six years from and after the Effective Time, the D&O Insurance in place with the Company’s current insurance
carrier or with an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier with respect to
D&O Insurance with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under
the Company’s existing policies, or the Surviving Corporation shall purchase from the Company’s current insurance carrier or from
an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier with respect to D&O Insurance
comparable D&O Insurance for such six-year period with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less
favorable than as provided in the Company’s existing policies; provided that in no event shall Parent or the Surviving Corporation
be required to expend for such policies pursuant to this sentence an annual premium amount in excess of 300% of the premium
amount per annum for the Company’s existing policies; and provided, further, that if the aggregate premiums of such insurance
coverage exceed such amount, the Surviving Corporation shall be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available,
with respect to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time, for a cost not exceeding such amount.

(e)   If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or merges into any other
Person and shall not be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers or conveys
all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, to the extent necessary, proper provision
shall be made so that the successors and assigns of Parent or the Surviving Corporation, as the case may be, shall assume the
obligations set forth in this Section 8.03.

(f)   The rights of each Indemnified Person under this Section 8.03 shall be in addition to any rights such Person may have
under the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, under Delaware Law or any other
Applicable Law or under any agreement of any Indemnified Person with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. These rights shall
survive consummation of the Merger and are intended to benefit, and shall be enforceable by, each Indemnified Person.

Section 8.04. Employee Matters. (a) For a period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the first anniversary of the
Closing Date (or, such shorter period of employment, as the case may be), each Company Service Provider who continues to
provide services to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries (each, a “Continuing Employee”) shall receive from
Parent or Merger Sub (i) salary, annual cash bonus opportunity, wages or commissions as whole that is no less favorable than the
salary, annual cash bonus opportunity, wages or commissions as whole provided to such Continuing Employee as of immediately
prior to the Closing Date and (ii) employee benefits that are substantially similar in the aggregate, as applicable, provided to such
Continuing Employee as of immediately prior to the Closing Date under the Company Plans.

(b)   With respect to any Continuing Employee whose employment is terminated by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any
of their respective Subsidiaries, commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the first anniversary of the Closing Date (or, such
shorter period of employment, as the case may be), Parent shall

A-33



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 141/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

provide or cause the Surviving Corporation to provide, termination-related payments and benefits to such Continuing Employee,
that are no less favorable than those provided under any Company Plan; provided that, Parent’s obligation to provide such
Continuing Employee with such termination-related payments and benefits shall be subject to such Continuing Employee’s
execution, delivery and non-revocation of a customary general release in favor of the Company, Parent and their respective
Affiliates.

(c)   Parent shall cause the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to honor the bonus plans or arrangements in place for
Continuing Employees for the Closing Fiscal Year. To the extent that the Closing occurs prior to the payment of bonuses in respect
of the 2017 Fiscal Year of the Company, the Surviving Corporation will pay the annual bonuses to participating Company Service
Providers in respect of Fiscal Year 2017 in the ordinary course and based upon actual results for Fiscal Year 2017, but not less than
the Pro Rata Bonus Amount applicable for each such Continuing Employee, in each case subject to such Continuing Employee’s
continued employment with the Surviving Corporation or any of its Subsidiaries through the bonus payment date. To the extent that
the Closing occurs prior to the establishment of bonus opportunities for Fiscal Year 2018, each Continuing Employee will be
granted an annual bonus opportunity for the Closing Fiscal Year that is no less favorable than the annual bonus opportunity such
Continuing Employee enjoyed under the bonus plans or arrangements for the Company’s immediately preceding fiscal year.

(d)   As of the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation and any of its respective Subsidiaries or
any of their respective third-party insurance providers or third-party administrators to, use reasonable best efforts to (i) waive all
limitations as to any pre-existing condition, limitations, exclusions, actively-at-work requirements and waiting periods in its
applicable health and welfare plans with respect to participation and coverage requirements applicable to each Continuing Employee
(and his or her eligible dependents) under any health and welfare plans that such employees may be eligible to participate in after
the Effective Time and (ii) credit each Continuing Employee (and his or her eligible dependents) for any copayments, deductibles,
offsets or similar payments made under any employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries during the plan year
(which includes the Acceptance Time) for purposes of satisfying any applicable copayment, deductible, offset or similar
requirements under the comparable plans of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries.

(e)   As of the Effective Time, Parent shall, and shall cause the Surviving Corporation and any of its and their respective
Subsidiaries to, give Continuing Employees full credit for purposes of eligibility to participate and vesting, but not benefit accruals,
under any employee benefit plans or arrangements maintained by Parent, Merger Sub or an applicable Subsidiary (other than any
retiree medical plans) that such employees may be eligible to participate in after the Effective Time for such Continuing Employees’
service with the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (as well as service with any predecessor employer), to the same extent that such
service was credited for purposes of any comparable Company Plan immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided that the
foregoing shall not apply to the extent that it would result in any duplication of benefits for the same period of service.

(f)   Parent shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) to assume and honor, in accordance
with its terms, each Company Plan set forth on Section 8.04(f) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and all obligations thereunder,
including any rights or benefits arising as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby (either alone or in combination with any
other event, including termination of employment).

(g)   Without limiting the generality of Section 12.06, the provisions of this Section 8.04 are solely for the benefit of the parties
to this Agreement, and no current or former Company Service Provider or any other individual associated therewith shall be
regarded for any purpose as a third-party beneficiary of this Section 8.04. Nothing herein shall be deemed to establish, amend or
modify any Company Plan or any other benefit plan, program, agreement or arrangement maintained or sponsored by Parent,
Merger Sub, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates or prevent Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any of their
respective Affiliates from (A) amending or terminating any particular benefit plan in accordance with its terms or (B) terminating
the employment of any particular Company Service Provider.

Section 8.05. Transfer Taxes. Except as otherwise provided in Section 3.03(c), all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp,
registration and other such similar Taxes imposed on the Company or any of its Subsidiaries with respect to the Merger shall be paid
by Parent and Merger Sub when due.

A-34



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 142/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 8.06. Financing. (a) Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the proceeds of the Debt Financing on terms
and conditions consistent with the Debt Commitment Letters. Without limiting the foregoing, Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to (i) maintain in effect the Debt Commitment Letters in accordance with and subject to the terms and conditions set forth
therein, (ii) satisfy on a timely basis (or obtain the waiver of) all conditions within its control to obtaining the Debt Financing on
terms and conditions consistent with those set forth in the Debt Commitment Letters and (iii) negotiate and enter into definitive
agreements with respect to the Debt Financing on terms and conditions consistent with those set forth in the Debt Commitment
Letters or on other terms and conditions acceptable to Parent which would not (x) reduce the aggregate amount of the Debt
Financing when the Equity Financing is increased by a corresponding amount or (y) impose new or additional conditions precedent
to the receipt of the Debt Financing, in the case of this clause (y) that would reasonably be expected to delay or prevent the Closing.

(b)   Parent shall not, without the prior written consent of the Company (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed), permit any amendment or modification to, or any waiver of any provision (including any remedy) under, or
voluntarily replace (it being understood that any Alternate Financing shall not be deemed a voluntary replacement for purposes of
the sentence), the Commitment Letters if such amendment, modification, waiver or voluntary replacement (i) adds new (or
adversely modifies any existing) conditions to the consummation of the Debt Financing or Equity Financing as compared to those in
the Commitment Letters as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (ii) adversely affects the ability of Parent to enforce its rights
against other parties to the Commitment Letters as so amended, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified, relative to the ability
of Parent to enforce its rights against such other parties to the Commitment Letters as in effect on the date hereof, (iii) reduces the
aggregate amount of the Financing less than the Required Amount, or (iv) would otherwise reasonably be expected to prevent,
impede or materially delay the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided,
that, for the avoidance of doubt, no consent from the Company shall be required for: (A) any amendment, replacement, supplement
or modification of a Debt Commitment Letter that is limited to adding lenders, lead arrangers, bookrunners, syndication agents or
similar entities that have not executed such Debt Commitment Letter as of the date of this Agreement (including in replacement of a
lender), (B) implementation or exercise of any “flex” provisions in effect as of the date hereof or (C) any amendment, replacement,
supplement or modification to the Commitment Letters so long as such action would not be prohibited by the foregoing clauses (i)-
(iv).

(c)   Parent shall give the Company prompt written notice of (i) any default or breach (or any event that, with or without notice,
lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to give rise to any default or breach) by any party under any of the
Commitment Letters or the definitive agreements relating to the Financing of which Parent or Merger Sub becomes aware, (ii) any
termination of any of the Commitment Letters, (iii) the receipt of any written notice or other written communication from any
Financing Source with respect to any (A) actual or potential default, breach, termination or repudiation of any Commitment Letter,
any definitive agreement relating to the Financing or any provision of the Commitment Letters or the definitive agreements relating
to the Financing, in each case by any party thereto, or (B) material dispute or disagreement between or among any parties to any
Commitment Letters or the definitive agreements relating to the obligation to fund the Financing (but excluding, for the avoidance
of doubt, any ordinary course negotiations with respect to the Financing or definitive agreements related to the Financing), and (iv)
if for any reason Parent or Merger Sub believes in good faith that it will not be able obtain Financing in an amount equal to the
Required Amount, in the manner or from the sources contemplated by the Commitment Letters or the definitive agreements relating
to the Financing, as the case may be. As soon as reasonably practicable after the date the Company delivers to Parent or Merger Sub
a written request, Parent and Merger Sub shall provide any information reasonably requested by the Company relating to any
circumstance referred to in clause (i), (ii), (iii) or (iv) of the immediately preceding sentence.

(d)   If any portion of the Debt Financing becomes unavailable on the terms and conditions set forth in the Debt Commitment
Letters (including the flex provisions), Parent shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain as promptly as reasonably practicable
following the occurrence of such event, alternative debt financing (“Alternate Financing”) on terms that are no less favorable
(including after giving effect to the flex provisions) to Parent, the Company and Merger Sub in any respect, in an amount, taken
together with the aggregate amount of the Equity Financing and other funds available to Parent at Closing, to enable Parent and
Merger Sub to pay the Required Amount. In the event any binding commitment letter, it being understood that Parent shall have no
obligation to accept terms that are less favorable in any respect to Parent than those included in the Debt

A-35



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 143/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Commitment Letters (each such letter, a “New Debt Commitment Letter”) is obtained with respect to an Alternate Financing,
Parent shall promptly provide the Company with a copy of such New Debt Commitment Letter. Any reference in this Agreement to
the “Debt Commitment Letters” herein shall be deemed to include any Debt Commitment Letter to the extent not superseded by a
New Debt Commitment Letter at the time in question and any New Debt Commitment Letter to the extent then in effect and any
reference in this Agreement to the “Debt Financing” herein shall be deemed to include any Alternate Financing contemplate by a
New Debt Commitment Letter.

Section 8.07. Financing Cooperation. (a) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and
Representatives to, use its and their reasonable best efforts to provide such cooperation as may be reasonably requested by Parent in
connection with obtaining the Debt Financing (provided that such requested cooperation does not unreasonably interfere with the
ongoing operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries), including, but not limited to:

(i)   furnish to Parent the Required Information and such other customary information as is necessary to comply with
clause (ii)(B) below;

(ii)   (A) have appropriate members of senior management of the Company and its Subsidiaries participate in a reasonable
number of meetings, presentations, road shows, due diligence sessions, drafting sessions, meetings with prospective lenders
and sessions with rating agencies in connection with the Financing, (B) assist with the preparation of materials for rating
agency presentations, road show presentations, offering memoranda, private placement memoranda, bank information
memoranda (including, to the extent necessary, (x) an additional bank information memorandum that does not include material
non-public information and (y) authorization letters), confidential information memorandum, offering documents and similar
documents (and any supplements thereto) required in connection with the Financing and (C) assist Parent in procuring a public
corporate credit rating and a public corporate family rating in respect of the relevant borrower under the Financing and public
ratings for any of the tranches of the Financing be offered in connection with the Financing;

(iii)   (A) assist reasonably in the preparation of one or more credit or other agreements, as well as any pledge and security
documents, and other definitive financing documents, collateral filings or other certificates or documents as may be reasonably
requested by Parent and otherwise reasonably facilitating the pledging of collateral (including the delivery of original share
certificates, together with share powers executed in blank, with respect to the Company and each of its Subsidiaries) and (B)
reasonably facilitating the taking of all corporate actions by the Company and its Subsidiaries with respect to entering such
definitive financing documents and otherwise necessary to permit consummation of the Financing;

(iv)   cooperate reasonably with the due diligence requests, to the extent customary and reasonable, in connection with the
Financing;

(v)   obtain customary consents of accountants for use of their auditor opinions in any materials relating to the Debt
Financing at the expense of and as reasonably requested by Parent on behalf of the Financing Sources;

(vi)   a certificate of the chief financial officer of the Company with respect to solvency matters in the form of Annex I of
Exhibit C of the Debt Commitment Letter; and

(vii)   provide Parent at least five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all customary documentation and other
information with respect to the Company and its Subsidiaries, as is reasonably requested in writing by Parent, at least eight (8)
Business Days prior to the Closing Date that is required in connection with the Debt Financing by U.S. regulatory authorities
under applicable “know-your-customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act;

provided that until the Effective Time, the Company shall (i) have no liability or any obligation under any agreement or document
related to the Financing and (ii) not be required to incur any other liability in connection with the Financing unless simultaneously
reimbursed or reasonably satisfactorily indemnified by Parent.

(b)   Parent shall (i) promptly upon request by the Company, reimburse the Company for all reasonable and documented out-of-
pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in connection
with providing the assistance contemplated by this Section 8.07 and

A-36



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 144/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(ii) indemnify and hold harmless the Company and its Subsidiaries and its and their Representatives from and against any losses,
damages, obligations or liabilities suffered or incurred in connection with the Debt Financing or any assistance or activities in
connection therewith, in each case, except to the extent suffered or incurred as a result of the bad faith, gross negligence, willful
misconduct or material breach of this Agreement by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives or
arise out of or result from information provided by or on behalf of the Company.

(c)   For the avoidance of doubt, Parent may require the cooperation of the Company and its Subsidiaries under this Section
8.07 at any time, and from time to time and on multiple occasions, between the date hereof and the Closing, whether or not the
Marketing Period will commence or be able to be satisfied in connection with any such request for information.

(d)   The Company hereby consents to the use of its and the Subsidiaries’ logos in connection with the Financing; provided,
that such logos are used solely in a manner that is not intended to or reasonably likely to harm or disparage the Company or any of
the Subsidiaries or the reputation or goodwill of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

ARTICLE 9
COVENANTS OF PARENT AND THE COMPANY

The parties hereto agree that:

Section 9.01. Regulatory Undertakings; Efforts. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company and
Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary
under Applicable Law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including (i) preparing and filing as
promptly as reasonably practicable with any Governmental Authority listed in Schedule 9.01 all documentation to effect all
necessary filings, notices, petitions, statements, registrations, submissions of information, applications and other documents and (ii)
obtaining and maintaining all approvals, consents, registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations required to be
obtained from any Governmental Authority that are necessary to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.
Parent acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, and to do, or cause to
be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable under Applicable Law to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 9.01 includes Parent using its reasonable best efforts to take, with respect to Parent and its
Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries), such divestitures, hold separate
arrangements, consent decrees, the termination, assignment, novation or modification of contracts or other business relationships,
the acceptance of restrictions on business operations, the entry into other commitments and limitations, and litigation, including with
Governmental Authorities, as may be necessary to obtain any antitrust or competition approvals or clearances from any
Governmental Authority required to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby (any such action, an “Antitrust Action”);
provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, nothing in this Section 9.01 or elsewhere in this
Agreement shall require Parent or any of its Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Corporation and its
Subsidiaries) to take any action (including any Antitrust Action) that would reasonably be expected to result in or account for, either
individually or in the aggregate, an annual loss of net worldwide sales revenues (as measured by 2016 sales revenue) in excess of
$85 million to Parent and any of its Subsidiaries (including, following the Closing, the Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries),
taken as a whole (any such action described in this proviso, a “Burdensome Condition”). The Company shall not (and shall not
cause any Subsidiary to), without Parent’s prior written consent, take or commit to take any action (including any Antitrust Action)
that (x) limits Parent’s freedom of action with respect to its business or Parent’s ability to obtain or enjoy the rights or benefits of the
Surviving Corporation’s or the Subsidiaries’ business or (y) would constitute or reasonably be expected to result in any Burdensome
Condition. In furtherance of this Section 9.01, at Parent’s request, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to obtain all
approvals, consents, registrations, permits, authorizations and other confirmations required to be obtained from any Third Party
(including under any Material Contracts) that are necessary, proper or advisable to consummate the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; provided that the Company shall not, without Parent’s prior consent subject to applicable laws, agree to make any
payments or accept any material condition or obligation to any contract to which the Company is a party. Notwithstanding anything
in this Agreement to the contrary, the Equity Investors and their respective Affiliates (including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.
(“KKR”) and any investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio

A-37



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 145/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

company (as such term is commonly understood in the private equity industry) or investment of KKR or of any such investment
fund or investment vehicle), other than Parent and its Subsidiaries, shall have no obligation, and Parent shall have no obligation to
cause the Equity Investors or any such Affiliates to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate arrangement, change
to its assets or business, litigation or any other Antitrust Action. Parent and its Subsidiaries shall not be required to (and without
Parent’s consent, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall not) take any action (including any Antitrust Action) in order to obtain any
approval or clearance from any Governmental Authority which is not conditioned upon the consummation of the Closing.

(b)   In furtherance and not in limitation of the foregoing, each of Parent and the Company shall make an appropriate filing of a
Notification and Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby with the United States
Federal Trade Commission (the “FTC”) and the Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (the “Antitrust
Division”) as promptly as practicable and in any event within 10 Business Days after the date hereof (and such filings shall request
early termination of any applicable waiting period under the HSR Act), and subject to Applicable Law, furnish to the other party as
promptly as reasonably practicable all information required for any application or other filing to be made by the other party pursuant
to any Applicable Law in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of Parent and the Company shall
(i) respond as promptly as reasonably practicable to any inquiries received from the FTC, the Antitrust Division, or any other
Governmental Authority in connection with antitrust matters, and (ii) not extend any waiting period under the HSR Act or enter into
any agreement with the FTC or the Antitrust Division not to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, except
with the prior written consent of the other parties hereto. Parent shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that Parent and its
Subsidiaries not take any action if such action would be reasonably expected to result in any material impediment or material delay
in obtaining applicable clearances required under the HSR Act. At the request of Parent, the Company shall agree to divest, hold
separate or otherwise take or commit to take any action that limits its freedom of action with respect to, or its ability to retain, any of
the businesses, services, or assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (but, absent such request, the Company shall not take
any such action), provided that any such action shall be conditioned upon the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby. Each party shall (1) promptly notify the other parties of any substantive communication to that party from the FTC, the
Antitrust Division, any State Attorney General or any other Governmental Authority and, subject to Applicable Law, permit the
other parties to review in advance any proposed written communication to any of the foregoing; (2) not agree to participate in any
substantive meeting or discussion with any Governmental Authority in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning
any competition or antitrust matters in connection with this Agreement or the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
hereby unless it consults with the other parties in advance and, to the extent permitted by such Governmental Authority, gives the
other parties the opportunity to attend and participate thereat; and (3) furnish, subject to Applicable Law, the other parties with
copies of all correspondence, filings, and communications (and memoranda setting forth the substance thereof) between them and
their affiliates and their respective representatives on the one hand, and any Governmental Authority or members or their respective
staffs on the other hand, with respect to any competition or antitrust matters in connection with this Agreement.

(c)   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, with respect to the matters covered in this Section 9.01, it is
agreed that Parent shall make all strategic decisions and lead all discussions, negotiations and other proceedings, and coordinate all
activities with respect to any requests that may be made by, or any actions, consents, undertakings, approvals, or waivers that may
be sought by or from, any Governmental Entity, including determining the strategy for contesting, litigating or otherwise responding
to objections to, or proceedings challenging, the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, in each case subject to good faith consultations with the Company reasonably in advance and in consideration of the
Company’s views and subject to the provisions of Section 9.01(b). The Company shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Representatives to, make any offer, acceptance or counter-offer to or otherwise engage in negotiations or discussions with any
Governmental Entity with respect to any proposed settlement, consent decree, commitment or remedy or, in the event of litigation,
discovery, admissibility of evidence, timing or scheduling, except as specifically requested by or agreed with Parent.

Section 9.02. Certain Filings. The Company and Parent shall cooperate with one another (a) in connection with the preparation
of the Company Disclosure Documents, (b) in determining whether any action by or in respect of, or filing with, any Governmental
Authority is required, or any actions, consents, approvals or waivers are required to be obtained from parties to any Materials
Contracts, in connection with the consummation of the

A-38



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 146/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

transactions contemplated by this Agreement and (c) in taking such actions or making any such filings, furnishing information
required in connection therewith or with the Company Disclosure Documents and seeking timely to obtain any such actions,
consents, approvals or waivers.

Section 9.03. Proxy Statement; Stockholders Meeting.

(a)   As promptly as reasonably practicable following the date hereof, the Company shall, with the assistance of Parent, prepare,
and the Company shall, no later than 15 Business Days after the date of this Agreement, file with the SEC, a proxy statement
relating to the adoption of this Agreement by the stockholders of the Company (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the
“Proxy Statement”). Parent and the Company shall cooperate with one another in connection with the preparation of the Proxy
Statement and Parent shall have the right to review and to propose comments to the Proxy Statement (and the Company shall in
good faith consider such comments reasonably proposed by Parent for inclusion therein). Parent shall furnish all information
concerning Parent and Merger Sub as the Company may reasonably request in connection with the preparation of the Proxy
Statement. Parent and the Company shall each use commercially reasonable efforts to have the Proxy Statement cleared by the SEC
as promptly as reasonably practicable after such filing. The Company will use reasonable best efforts to cause the Proxy Statement
to be mailed to the stockholders of the Company as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Proxy Statement is cleared by the
SEC (but not later than five Business Days after such clearance).

(b)   Each of Parent and the Company shall as promptly as reasonably practicable notify the other of (i) the receipt of any
comments from the SEC and all other written correspondence and oral communications with the SEC relating to the Proxy
Statement and (ii) any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement or for additional information
with respect thereto. All filings by the Company with the SEC and all mailings to the stockholders of the Company in connection
with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby, including the Proxy Statement and any amendment or supplement
thereto, shall be subject to the reasonable prior review and comment of Parent.

(c)   If at any time prior to the Effective Time any information relating to the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, or any of their
respective Affiliates, directors or officers, is discovered by the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, which should be set forth in an
amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement so that the Proxy Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact
or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading, the party which discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties and an appropriate
amendment or supplement describing such information shall be promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by
Applicable Law, disseminated to the stockholders of the Company.

(d)   The Company shall, in accordance with its certificate of incorporation and bylaws and Applicable Law, promptly
following the date of this Agreement, for the purposes of obtaining the Stockholder Approval, duly set a record date and duly call,
give notice of, convene and hold as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date upon which the Proxy Statement is
cleared by the SEC (with the record date and meeting date to be set by the Board in consultation with Parent regarding such dates), a
meeting of the stockholders of the Company (the “Stockholder Meeting”) for the purpose of seeking the Stockholder Approval.
The Company may postpone, recess or adjourn the Stockholder Meeting (i) for one time only not to exceed ten (10) calendar days
(unless Parent otherwise agrees in writing), if the Company reasonably believes that it will be unable to obtain a quorum of its
stockholders at the Stockholder Meeting or it will not receive proxies sufficient to obtain the Stockholder Approval or (ii) to allow
up to ten (10) calendar days of additional time (commencing, if there has occurred any Adverse Recommendation Change, on the
date of such Adverse Recommendation Change has been made (for the avoidance of doubt, after the expiration of any time periods
contemplated in the definition thereof)) for the filing and distribution of any supplemental or amended disclosure which the
Company Board has determined in good faith is necessary under Applicable Law.

(e)   Subject to the ability of the Board to make an Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with Section 7.03, the
Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to solicit the Stockholder Approval, and the Board shall make the Company
Recommendation with respect to the adoption of this Agreement and the approval of the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger, and shall include both the Company Recommendation as well as a description of the other Board Actions in
the Proxy Statement.

A-39



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 147/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 9.04. Public Announcements. Except in connection with actions taken pursuant to Section 7.03, Parent and the
Company shall consult with each other before issuing any press release, having any communication with the press (whether or not
for attribution) or making any other public statement, or scheduling any press conference or conference call with investors or
analysts, with respect to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby and, except in respect of any public statement or
press release as may be required by Applicable Law or any listing agreement with or rule of any national securities exchange or
association, shall not issue any such press release or make any such other public statement or schedule any such press conference or
conference call before such consultation provided, however that Parent shall be permitted to make public announcements opposing
any Acquisition Proposal or Adverse Recommendation Change that has been publicly disclosed.

Section 9.05. Further Assurance. At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation shall
be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments
or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest,
perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the
rights, properties or assets of the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection
with, the Merger.

Section 9.06. Section 16 Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, each party shall take all such steps as may be required to cause
any dispositions of Shares in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (including derivative securities of
such Shares) by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the 1934 Act with respect to the
Company and will become subject to such reporting requirements with respect to Parent to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the 1934 Act.

Section 9.07. Notices of Certain Events. Each of the Company and Parent shall promptly notify the other of:

(a)   any written notice or other written communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be
required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(b)   any written notice or other written communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement; and

(c)   any actions, suits, claims, investigations or proceedings commenced or, to its knowledge, threatened in writing against,
relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, as the case
may be, that relate to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 9.08. Stock Exchange De-listing. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall cooperate with Parent and use its
reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper
or advisable on its part under Applicable Laws and rules and policies of the NYSE to enable the de-listing by the Surviving
Corporation of the Company Securities from the NYSE and the deregistration of the Company Stock under the 1934 Act as
promptly as practicable after the Effective Time, and in any event no more than ten days thereafter.

Section 9.09. Litigation and Proceedings. Except as provided in Section 3.04 and Section 9.01, the Company shall control the
defense or settlement of any litigation or other legal proceedings against the Company or any of its directors relating to this
Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; provided that the Company shall give Parent
reasonable opportunity to participate, at Parent’s expense, in such litigation or other legal proceedings; and provided, further, that
the Company agrees that it shall not settle any such litigation or other legal proceedings without the prior written consent of Parent,
which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned; provided, however, that Parent shall not be obligated to consent
to any settlement that does not include a full release of Parent and its Affiliates or that imposes an equitable remedy upon Parent or
its Affiliates including, after the Effective Time, the Company. For the avoidance of doubt, any matters related to Dissenting Shares
shall be governed exclusively by Section 3.04 and not this Section 9.09, and any matters related to antitrust or competition
clearances or approvals, or any litigation or proceeding pursuant to any antitrust or competition law, shall be governed exclusively
by Section 9.01 and not this Section 9.09.

A-40



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 148/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 9.10. Takeover Statutes. If any “control share acquisition,” “fair price,” “moratorium” or other antitakeover or similar
statute or regulation shall become applicable to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of the Company, Parent and
Merger Sub and the respective members of their boards of directors shall, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, use reasonable
best efforts to grant such approvals and to take such actions as are reasonably necessary so that the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated herein and otherwise to take all such other
actions as are reasonably necessary to eliminate or minimize the effects of any such statute or regulation on the transactions
contemplated hereby.

Section 9.11. Union Notice Requirements. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company and its Subsidiaries shall timely provide
such notice as is required under the collective bargaining agreements with the ChemRx PS Employees Union in connection with the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Parent shall have the right to review and to propose comments to such notice (and the
Company shall in good faith consider such comments reasonably proposed by Parent for inclusion therein).

Section 9.12. Credit Agreement Pay-Off. On or prior to the Closing, the Company shall use reasonable best efforts to cause the
agent under the credit agreement by and among the Company, the lenders named therein, Bank of America, N.A., as administrative
agent, JP Morgan Chase Bank N.A., as syndication agent, and U.S. Bank, National Association, Citibank, N.A., MUFG Union
Bank, N.A., BBVA Compass Bank and SunTrust Bank as co-documentation agents (the “Credit Agreement”) to deliver to Parent a
copy of an executed payoff letter (the “Payoff Letter”) with respect to the Credit Agreement, in customary form, which Payoff
Letter shall acknowledge (1) the aggregate principal amount and all accrued but unpaid interest constituting the payoff amount (the
“Payoff Amount”), (2) that upon receipt of the relevant Payoff Amount, the Credit Agreement and related instruments evidencing
the Credit Agreement shall be terminated or satisfied and discharged, (3) that guarantees in connection therewith relating to the
assets and properties of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries securing such borrowings or obligations under the Credit Agreement
shall be, upon the payment of the Payoff Amount on the Closing Date, released and terminated, and (4) that the Liens under the
Credit Agreement are authorized to be released and terminated upon the making of appropriate filings (subject in each case to
delivery of the Payoff Amount). The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to facilitate the release, in connection with such
repayment, of any Liens securing the Payoff Amount.

ARTICLE 10
CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

Section 10.01. Conditions to the Obligations of Each Party. The obligations of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions

(a)   The Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained;

(b)   (i) any waiting period under the HSR Act applicable to the Merger shall have expired or been terminated, and (ii) all
waiting periods (and any extensions thereof) set forth in Section 10.01(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedules that are required
to be terminated or expired prior to the Closing shall have terminated or expired, and all approvals set forth in Section 10.01(b)(ii)
of the Company Disclosure Schedules required to be obtained prior to the Closing shall have been obtained; and

(c)   there shall not be in effect any injunction or other order issued by any Governmental Authority having competent
jurisdiction prohibiting the Merger, and there shall not be any other Applicable Law enacted prohibiting the Merger.

Section 10.02. Conditions to the Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub. The obligations of Parent and Merger Sub to
consummate the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Parent) of the following conditions:

(a)   (i) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Sections 5.01 (other than the last sentence), 5.10(a)(ii)
and 5.21 shall be true and correct at and as of the date hereof and the Closing Date, as if made at and as of the Closing Date, (ii) the
representations and warranties of the Company contained in Sections 5.01 (last sentence only), 5.02, 5.05(a) and 5.05(c) shall be
true and correct, other than inaccuracies that are de minimis, at and as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (other than any such
representation  and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of another specified time, in which case only as of such
time), (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 5.05(b), 5.05(d), 5.05(e), 5.06(b) (other than

A-41



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 149/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the last sentence) and 5.06(c) shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the date hereof and the Closing Date, as if
made at and as of the Closing Date (other than any such representation  and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of
another specified time, in which case only as of such time), and (iii) the other representations and warranties of the Company
contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct at and as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of
the Closing Date (other than any such representation  and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of another specified
time, in which case only as of such time), in the case of this clause (iii) except for such failures to be true as have not had and would
not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material  Adverse Effect (for purposes of
determining the satisfaction of the condition in this clause (iii), without regard to any qualifications or exceptions contained in such
representations and warranties as to “materiality” or “Company Material Adverse Effect”);

(b)   the Company shall have performed in all material respects all of its obligations under this Agreement;

(c)   since the date of this Agreement, there has been no Change (including the incurrence of any liabilities of any nature,
whether or not accrued, contingent or otherwise) that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or is reasonably likely to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect;

(d)   the Company shall deliver to Parent a certificate signed by an executive officer of the Company dated as of the Closing
Date certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 10.02(a) and (b) have been satisfied; and

(e)   holders of not more than 10% of the outstanding Shares shall have properly exercised, and not withdrawn, their dissenters’
rights under Section 262 of Delaware Law.

Section 10.03. Conditions to the Obligations of the Company. The obligations of the Company to consummate the Merger are
subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company) of the following conditions:

(a)   (i) the representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in Sections 6.01, 6.02, and 6.06 shall be true and
correct, other than inaccuracies that are de minimis, at and as of the date hereof and the Closing Date (other than any such
representation and warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of another specified time, in which case only as of such time)
and (ii) the other representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in this Agreement shall be true and correct at
and as of the date hereof and as of the Closing Date, as if made at and as of the Closing Date (other than any such representation  and
warranty that by its terms addresses matters only as of another specified time, in which case only as of such time), in the case of this
clause (ii), except for such failures to be true as have not had and would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the
aggregate, have a Parent Material Adverse Effect (for purposes of determining the satisfaction of the condition in this clause (a),
without regard to any qualifications or exceptions contained in such representations and warranties as to “materiality”);

(b)   Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed in all material respects all of their respective obligations under this
Agreement; and

(c)   Parent shall deliver to the Company a certificate signed by an authorized officer of Parent dated as of the Closing Date
certifying that the conditions set forth in Section 10.03(a) and (b) have been satisfied.

ARTICLE 11
TERMINATION

Section 11.01. Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time:

(a)   by mutual written agreement of the Company and Parent;

(b)   by either the Company or Parent, if:

(i)   the Effective Time shall not have occurred on or before May 1, 2018 (the “End Date”); provided however that if on
the initial End Date the condition set forth in Section 10.01(b) is not satisfied but all the other conditions to Closing set forth in
Article 10 are satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject
to those conditions being capable of being satisfied), then Parent or the Company may, by providing written notice to the other
prior to 5:00 p.m., New York time, on such initial End Date, extend the End Date to August 1, 2018, in which case the End
Date

A-42



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 150/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shall be deemed for all purposes to be such later date; provided further that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to
this Section 11.01(b)(i) shall not be available to any party whose breach of any provision of this Agreement is the proximate
cause of the failure of the Merger to be consummated by such time; or

(ii)   there shall be any permanent injunction or other order issued by a Governmental Authority of competent jurisdiction
restraining, making illegal or otherwise prohibiting the Merger and such injunction or order shall have become final and non-
appealable; provided the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01(b)(ii) shall not be available to any
party that has not complied with its obligations under Section 9.01 in respect of such injunction or order; or

(iii)   the Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at the Stockholder Meeting duly convened therefor or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof at which this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby have been voted
upon;

(c)   by Parent:

(i)   if (A) the Company is in material breach of any of its obligations under Section 7.03(a), (B) an Adverse
Recommendation Change shall have occurred, (C) the Board fails to include in the Proxy Statement when mailed, the
Company Recommendation or (D) the Board fails to publicly reaffirm the Company Recommendation within three Business
Days after receipt of a reasonable written request to do so from Parent; or

(ii)   if the Company breaches any representation or warranty or fails to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in
this Agreement that would cause the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or 10.02 to be incapable of being satisfied or cured
by the End Date or, if curable, is not cured by the Company by the earlier of (A) 30 days after receipt by the Company of
written notice of such breach or failure and (B) the End Date; provided that, at the time at which Parent or Merger Sub would
otherwise exercise such termination right, Parent and Merger Sub shall not be in material breach of their obligations under this
Agreement such as to cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or 10.03 to be incapable of being satisfied by the
End Date;

(d)   by the Company:

(i)   prior to the receipt of the Stockholder Approval and subject to compliance with Section 7.03, in order to enter into
Acquisition Proposal Documentation concerning a Superior Proposal pursuant to the terms of Section 7.03(c)(iii); provided that
concurrently with such termination, the Company enters into such Acquisition Proposal Documentation and pays to Parent in
immediately available funds the Company Termination Fee payable pursuant to Section 12.04;

(ii)   if Parent or Merger Sub breaches any representation or warranty or fails to perform any covenant or agreement set
forth in this Agreement that would cause the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or 10.03 to be incapable of being satisfied or
cured by the End Date or, if curable, is not cured by Parent or Merger Sub by the earlier of (A) 30 days after receipt by Parent
or Merger Sub of written notice of such breach or failure and (B) the End Date; provided that, at the time at which the
Company would otherwise exercise such termination right, the Company shall not be in material breach of its obligations under
this Agreement such as to cause any of the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or 10.02 to be incapable of being satisfied by
the End Date;

(iii)   if the Equity Investors fail to perform any covenant or agreement set forth in the Support Agreement that would
cause the conditions set forth in Section 10.01 to be incapable of being satisfied or cured by the End Date or, if curable, is not
cured by the Equity Investors by the earlier of (A) 30 days after receipt by the Equity Investors of written notice of such breach
or failure and (B) the End Date; provided that, at the time at which the Company would otherwise exercise such termination
right, the Company shall not be in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement such as to cause any of the
conditions set forth in Section 10.01 or 10.02 to be incapable of being satisfied by the End Date; or

(iv)   if (A) all conditions set forth in Section 10.01 and Section 10.02 have been satisfied (other than those conditions that
by their terms are to be satisfied by actions taken at the Closing; provided that such conditions are then capable of being
satisfied), (B) Parent shall have failed to consummate the Merger

A-43



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 151/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(including as a result of a Debt Financing Failure) within three Business Days of the date the Closing should have occurred
pursuant to Section 3.01(b) and (C) the Company shall have notified Parent in writing that all of the conditions set forth in
Article 10 have been satisfied or, with respect to the Company’s conditions, waived (or would be satisfied or waived if the
Closing were to occur on the date of such notice) and it stands and will stand ready, willing and able to consummate the Merger
at such time.

The party desiring to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.01 (other than pursuant to Section 11.01(a)) shall
give notice of such termination to the other parties.

Section 11.02. Effect of Termination. If this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 11.01, this Agreement shall become
void and of no effect without liability of any party (or any stockholder, director, officer, employee, agent, consultant or
representative of such party) to the other parties hereto; provided that, if such termination shall result from Willful Breach by any
party, such party shall be fully liable for any and all liabilities and damages incurred or suffered by the other parties hereto as a
result of such Willful Breach, subject to the limitations set forth in Section 12.04. The provisions of this Section 11.02, the
Confidentiality Agreements and Sections 12.01, 12.04, 12.07, 12.08 and 12.09 shall survive any termination hereof pursuant to
Section 11.01.

ARTICLE 12
MISCELLANEOUS

Section 12.01. Notices. All notices, requests and other communications to any party hereunder shall be in writing (including
facsimile transmission and electronic mail (“e-mail” ) transmission, so long as a receipt of such facsimile transmission or e-mail is
received) and shall be given,

if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:
Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc.
Phoenix Merger Sub Inc.
c/o Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P.
2800 Sand Hill Road, Suite 200
Menlo Park, California 94025
Attention: James Momtazee
Facsimile: (650) 233-6553
Email: jim.momtazee@kkr.com

with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:
Simpson Thacher & Bartlett LLP
425 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Attention: Gary I. Horowitz
 Mark D. Pflug
Facsimile: (212) 455-2502
Email: ghorowitz@stblaw.com / mpflug@stblaw.com
Weil, Gotshal & Manges, LLP
767 Fifth Avenue
New York, New York 10153
Attention: Michael J. Aiello
Facsimile No.: (212) 310-8007
E-mail: michael.aiello@weil.com

A-44



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 152/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

if to the Company, to:
PharMerica Corporation
1901 Campus Place
Louisville, Kentucky 40299
Attention: Thomas Caneris
Facsimile No.: (502) 627-7329
E-mail: tcaneris@pharmerica.com

with a copy, which shall not constitute notice, to:
Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP
450 Lexington Avenue
New York, New York 10017
Attention: Louis Goldberg
Facsimile No.: (212) 701-5539
E-mail: louis.goldberg@davispolk.com

or to such other address, facsimile number or e-mail address as such party may hereafter specify for the purpose by notice to the
other parties hereto. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed received on the date of receipt by the
recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or
communication shall be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding business day in the place of receipt.

Section 12.02. No Survival of Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties contained herein and in any
certificate or other writing delivered pursuant hereto shall not survive the Effective Time.

Section 12.03. Amendments and Waivers. (a) Subject to compliance with Applicable Law, this Agreement may be amended by
the parties hereto at any time before or after approval of the matters presented in connection with the Merger by the stockholders of
the Company; provided, however, that after any such approval, no amendment shall be made which by Law requires further
approval by such stockholders without such further approval. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in
writing signed on behalf of each of the parties hereto.

(b)   No failure or delay by any party in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor
shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or
privilege. The rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by
Applicable Law.

Section 12.04. Expenses. (a) General. Except as otherwise provided herein, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring such cost or expense.

(b)   Termination Fees.

(i)   If this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 11.01(c)(i) or by the Company pursuant to Section
11.01(d)(i), then the Company shall pay to Parent (or its designee) by wire transfer of immediately available funds the
Company Termination Fee, in the case of a termination by Parent, within one Business Day after such termination and, in the
case of a termination by the Company, concurrently with, and as a condition to, such termination. For purposes hereof,
“Company Termination Fee” means $33 Million.

(ii)   If (A) this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(i) or Section 11.01(b)(iii)
or by Parent pursuant to Section 11.01(c)(ii), (B) after the date of this Agreement and prior to such termination, any Person
shall have publicly announced an intention (whether or not conditional) to make an Acquisition Proposal or an Acquisition
Proposal shall have become publicly known, and (C) within twelve months after the date of such termination, the Company
enters into any Acquisition Proposal Documentation with respect to any Acquisition Proposal (regardless of whether such
Acquisition Proposal is the same one referred to in clause (B) above) (provided that for purposes of this clause (ii)(C),

A-45



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 153/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

each reference to “15%” in the definition of Acquisition Proposal shall be deemed to be a reference to “50%”), then the
Company shall pay to Parent (or its designee) by wire transfer of immediately available funds, concurrently with the execution
of such Acquisition Proposal Documentation, the Company Termination Fee.

(iii)   If this Agreement is terminated:

(A)   by the Company pursuant to Section 11.01(d)(ii) or Section 11.01(d)(iii) if in either case, at the time of such
termination, the Company is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement; or

(B)   by the Company pursuant to Section 11.01(d)(iv) if, at the time of such termination, the Company is not in
material breach of its obligations under this Agreement; or

(C)   by the Company or Parent pursuant to Section 11.01(b)(i) if, at the time of such termination, (x) Section
10.01(b) or Section 10.01(c) has not been satisfied, in the case of Section 10.01(c), as a result of any injunction or other
order by a Governmental Authority having competent jurisdiction in connection with the HSR Act or any other applicable
competition or antitrust law, and including, without limitation, and in the case of Sections 10.01(b) and 10.01(c), as a
result of Parent not agreeing to take an Antitrust Action that would constitute a Burdensome Condition, (y) as of the End
Date, all of the other conditions set forth in Section 10.01 and Section 10.02 have been satisfied (other than conditions that
by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to such conditions being capable of being satisfied if the
Closing Date were the date of termination) (provided that, solely for purposes of determining whether the conditions set
forth in Section 10.02 have been satisfied, neither the failure of the condition set forth in Section 10.01(b) to be satisfied
nor an injunction or other order by a Governmental Authority having competent jurisdiction in connection with the HSR
Act or any other applicable competition or antitrust law having occurred and that caused the failure of the condition set
forth in Section 10.01(c) to be satisfied, in each case in and of itself, shall constitute a “Company Material Adverse
Effect”), and (z) the Company is not in material breach of its obligations under this Agreement;

then Parent shall pay or cause to be paid to the Company in immediately available funds the Parent Termination Fee, within two
Business Days after such termination; provided that, solely with respect to a termination of this Agreement in the circumstances
described in clause (A) or (C) above, if at the time of such termination, (i) Parent or Merger Sub is in Willful Breach of Section 9.01
(to the extent related to or in connection with obligations thereunder to obtain antitrust or competition approvals or clearances from
any Governmental Authority) and/or any Equity Investor is in Willful Breach of the Support Agreement, (ii) the Company shall
have provided written notice to Parent and/or such Equity Investor, as applicable, regarding such Willful Breach and (iii) following
the delivery of such notice, such Willful Breach (if curable) was not cured by Parent, Merger Sub and/or such Equity Investor(s), as
applicable, within 30 days of receipt of such notice (or, if earlier, by the End Date) and this Agreement is then terminated in the
circumstances described in clause (A) or (C) above, then Parent shall pay or cause to be paid to the Company in immediately
available funds the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, within two Business Days after such termination. For purposes hereof,
(A) “Parent Termination Fee” means $56.6 Million and (B) “Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee” means $113.3 Million.
For the avoidance of doubt, and not withstanding anything to the contrary, the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee may only
be available to the Company, subject to the above terms and conditions, in connection with a Willful Breach by Parent or Merger
Sub of Section 9.01 (to the extent related to or in connection with obligations thereunder to obtain antitrust or competition approvals
or clearances from any Governmental Authority) or by either (or both) of the Equity Investors of the Support Agreement, and in no
other instance.

(c)   Parent and Merger Sub agree that, upon any termination of this Agreement under circumstances where the Company
Termination Fee is payable by the Company pursuant to this Section and such Company Termination Fee is paid in full, Parent and
Merger Sub shall be precluded from any other remedy against the Company, at law or in equity or otherwise, and neither Parent nor
Merger Sub shall seek to obtain any recovery,

A-46



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 154/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

judgment, or damages of any kind, including consequential, indirect, or punitive damages, against the Company or any of the
Company’s Subsidiaries or any of their respective directors, officers, employees, partners, managers, members, stockholders or
Affiliates or their respective Representatives in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

(d)   The parties agree that the Company Termination Fee, the Parent Termination Fee and the Willful Breach Antitrust
Termination Fee are liquidated damages and not penalties, and the payment of the Company Termination Fee, the Parent
Termination Fee or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, in the circumstances specified herein is supported
by due and sufficient consideration. Accordingly, if the Company or Parent, as the case may be, fails to timely pay the Company
Termination Fee, Parent Termination Fee or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, due pursuant to this Section
12.04 and, in order to obtain such payment, either Parent or the Company, as the case may be, commences a suit against the other
party that results in a judgment for the payment of the Company Termination Fee, the Parent Termination Fee or the Willful Breach
Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, the party paying such fee shall also pay to the other party interest on such fee at the annual
rate equal to the prime rate, as published in The Wall Street Journal in effect on the date such payment was required to be made,
through the date such payment was actually received, or such lesser rate as is the maximum permitted by applicable Law (“Interest
Expense”). The parties agree and understand that in no event shall Parent be required to pay both the Parent Termination Fee and
the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination, it being understood and agreed that only one payment of either the Parent Termination Fee
or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee shall ever be payable hereunder.

(e)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company terminates this Agreement, the Company’s
right to receive the payment of either the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii), if any, or the payment of the
Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii), if any, shall be the sole and exclusive remedy (whether
such remedy is sought in equity or at law, in contract, in tort or otherwise) of the Company, the stockholders of the Company and
their respective Affiliates against Parent, the Equity Investors, the Financing Sources, and any of their respective former, current and
future holders of any equity, partnership or limited liability company interest, controlling Persons, directors, officers, employees,
agents, Affiliates, affiliated (or commonly advised) funds, representatives (including attorneys), members, managers, general or
limited partners, stockholders, or assignees (each, a “Non-Recourse Party”), and any of their respective Non-Recourse Parties
(collectively, the “Parent Related Parties”) for any loss, damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a result of any breach
(including any Willful Breach) of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of this Agreement, the Support Agreement,
the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees or the failure of any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the
Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees to be consummated, in each case, in any circumstance in
which the Company is permitted to terminate this Agreement and receive the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)
(iii) or the payment of the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii). If the Company terminates
this Agreement in a circumstance in which Parent is obligated to pay to the Company either the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to
Section 12.04(b)(iii) or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii), as applicable, upon payment
of either the Parent Termination Fee (and any Interest Expense) or the payment of the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee (and
any Interest Expense), as applicable, none of the Parent Related Parties and Lender Related Parties shall have any further liability or
obligation relating to or arising out of this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters, the Limited Guarantees or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees (or
the failure of any such transactions to be consummated) or as a result of any loss, damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a
result of any breach (including any Willful Breach) of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of this Agreement, the
Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees, and none of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any
of their respective stockholders or Representatives may seek to recover any other monetary damages from or seek any other remedy
against any Parent Related Party or any Lender Related Party based on a claim in law or equity with respect to, any matter relating
to or arising out of this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters, the Limited Guarantees or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees (or the failure of any
such transactions to be consummated), including, without limitation, (i) any loss suffered as a result of the failure of the Merger to
be consummated, (ii) the termination of this Agreement or (iii) any liabilities or obligations arising under this Agreement, the
Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees or any loss,

A-47



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 155/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a result of any breach (including any Willful Breach) of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement of this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited Guarantees,
provided, however that nothing herein shall limit the rights and remedies of the Company and its Affiliates under the Confidentiality
Agreements.

(f)   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in any circumstance in which the Company is not permitted to terminate
this Agreement and receive either the Parent Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii) or the Willful Breach Antitrust
Termination Fee pursuant to Section 12.04(b)(iii), as applicable, in no event shall the Company or the stockholders of the Company
and their respective Affiliates be entitled to monetary damages (whether such damages are sought in equity or at law, in contract, in
tort or otherwise), individually or in the aggregate, in excess of an amount equal to the amount of the Parent Termination Fee, as
applicable, for any loss, damage or other liability of any kind suffered as a result of any breach (including any Willful Breach) under
this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters, the Limited Guarantees, or otherwise arising out of or in
connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, the Support Agreement, the Commitment Letters or the Limited
Guarantees (or the failure of any such transactions to be consummated). In no event shall the Company or the stockholders of the
Company or their respective Affiliates seek to recover monetary damages from any Parent Related Party (other than Parent under
the terms of this Agreement and the parties to the Confidentiality Agreements under the terms thereof) or from any Lender Related
Party. The Parent Related Parties and the Lender Related Parties are intended third party beneficiaries of this Section.

Section 12.05. Disclosure Schedule. The parties hereto agree that any reference in a particular Section of either the Company
Disclosure Schedule or the Parent Disclosure Schedule shall only be deemed to be an exception to (or, as applicable, a disclosure for
purposes of) (a) the representations and warranties of the relevant party that are contained in the corresponding Section of this
Agreement and (b) any other representations and warranties of the relevant party that are contained in this Agreement, (other than
Section 5.10(a)), but only if the relevance of that reference as an exception to (or a disclosure for purposes of) such representations
and warranties is reasonably apparent. The mere inclusion of an item in the Company Disclosure Schedule as an exception to a
representation or warranty (or covenant, as applicable) shall not be deemed an admission that such item represents a material
exception or material fact, event or circumstance or that such item has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect or Parent Material Adverse Effect, as applicable.

Section 12.06. Binding Effect; Benefit; Assignment. (a) Subject to Section 12.06(b), the provisions of this Agreement shall be
binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. Except as provided in
Section 8.03, no provision of this Agreement is intended to confer any rights, benefits, remedies, obligations or liabilities hereunder
upon any Person other than the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns, and other than the right of any holders of
Shares, Company Options and Vested Company Stock Units to receive the Merger Consideration in respect of their Shares,
Company Options and Vested Company Stock Units, as contemplated by Article 3.

(b)   No party may assign, delegate or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the
consent of each other party hereto; provided, that, prior to the time that the Proxy Statement is mailed to the Company’s
stockholders, Parent may designate, by written notice to the Company, another wholly owned direct or indirect Subsidiary in lieu of
Merger Sub, in which event all references herein to Merger Sub shall be deemed references to such other Subsidiary, except that all
representations and warranties made herein with respect to Merger Sub as of the date of this Agreement shall be deemed
representations and warranties made with respect to such other Subsidiary as of the date of such designation; provided, further that
any such assignment or designation shall not and would not be reasonably expected to impede or delay the consummation of the
Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise materially impair or impede the rights of the
Company’s stockholders under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, delegation or other transfer in violation of this Section
12.06(b) shall be void.

Section 12.07. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of
Delaware, without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such state.

Section 12.08. Jurisdiction. (a) The parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of,
or based on any matter arising out of or in connection with, this Agreement or the

A-48



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 156/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

transactions contemplated hereby (whether brought by any party or any of its Affiliates or against any party or any of its Affiliates)
shall be brought in the Delaware Chancery Court or, if such court shall not have jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of
Delaware or other Delaware state court, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of
the appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit, action or
proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been brought in an
inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in the world, whether
within or without the jurisdiction of any such court. Without limiting the foregoing, each party agrees that service of process on such
party as provided in Section 12.01 shall be deemed effective service of process on such party.

(b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, each of the parties acknowledges and irrevocably agrees (on
behalf of itself and its Affiliates): (i) that any claim, action or proceeding, whether at law or in equity, in contract, in tort or
otherwise, involving any of the Lender Related Parties arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement, the transactions contemplated
hereby or the Debt Financing or the performance of services thereunder or related thereto will be subject to the exclusive
jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in the State of New York in the borough of Manhattan and any appellate court
thereof, and each of the parties submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such court with respect to any such claim, action or
proceeding; (ii) not to bring or permit any of their affiliates to bring or support anyone else in bringing any such action, claim or
proceeding in any other court; (iii) that service of process, summons, notice or document by registered mail addressed to them at
their respective addresses provided in the Debt Commitment Letter will be effective service of process against them for any such
action, claim or proceeding brought in any such court; (iv) to waive and hereby does waive, to the fullest extent permitted by
Applicable Law, any objection which any of them may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of, and the defense of an
inconvenient forum to the maintenance of, any such action, claim or proceeding in any such court; (v) that any such action, claim or
proceeding will be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York; and (vi) agrees that a final
judgment in any such action shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other
manner provided by Applicable Law.

Section 12.09. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY
AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY (INCLUDING WITH RESPECT TO THE DEBT
FINANCING).

Section 12.10. Counterparts; Effectiveness. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall
be an original, with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same instrument. This Agreement shall
become effective when each party hereto shall have received a counterpart hereof signed by all of the other parties hereto. Until and
unless each party has received a counterpart hereof signed by each other party hereto, this Agreement shall have no effect and no
party shall have any right or obligation hereunder (whether by virtue of any other oral or written agreement or other
communication).

Section 12.11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreements constitute the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, both oral and
written, between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement.

Section 12.12. Severability. If any term, provision, covenant or restriction of this Agreement is held by a court of competent
jurisdiction or other Governmental Authority to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the terms, provisions, covenants
and restrictions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated so
long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to
any party; provided that, the parties intend that the remedies and limitations thereon contained in Section 12.04 (Expenses) be
construed as an integral provision of this Agreement and that such remedies and limitations shall not be severable in any manner
that increases a party’s liability or obligations hereunder or under the Commitment Letters or the Limited

A-49



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 157/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Guarantee. Upon such a determination of severability pursuant to the foregoing sentence, the parties shall negotiate in good faith to
modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that
the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

Section 12.13. Specific Performance. (a) The parties hereto agree that irreparable damage would occur if any provision of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with its terms, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an
adequate remedy therefor. Accordingly, subject, in the case of specific enforcement of Parent’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to
consummate the Merger (and/or draw down the proceeds of the Equity Financing) only, to Section 12.13(b), the parties hereto
acknowledge and hereby agree that in the event of any breach or threatened breach by the Company, on the one hand, or Parent or
Merger Sub, on the other hand, of any of their respective covenants or obligations set forth in this Agreement or the Commitment
Letters, the Company, on the one hand, and Parent or Merger Sub, on the other hand, shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions
to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement or the Commitment Letters by the other (as applicable), and
to specifically enforce the terms and provisions of this Agreement or the Commitment Letters to prevent breaches or threatened
breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of the other (as applicable) under this Agreement or the
Commitment Letters, without proof of actual damages or inadequacy of legal remedy and without bond or other security being
required, and this right shall include the right of the Company to cause Parent or Merger Sub to fully enforce the terms of the
Commitment Letters, including by requiring Parent and Merger Sub to file one or more lawsuits against the Financing Sources to
fully enforce the Financing Sources’ obligations under the Commitment Letters. The pursuit of specific enforcement or other
equitable remedies by any party hereto will not be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other right or
remedy (whether at law or in equity) to which such party may be entitled at any time.

(b)   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (1) in no event shall the Company be entitled to enforce or seek to
enforce specifically Parent’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to consummate the Merger if a Debt Financing Failure has occurred and
(2) the Company shall be entitled to enforce or seek to enforce specifically Parent’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to consummate
the Merger (and/or draw down the proceeds of the Equity Financing) if and only if (i) all conditions in Section 10.01 and Section
10.02 have been satisfied (other than conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction
of those conditions at the Closing) at the time the Closing is required to occur pursuant to Section 3.01(b), (ii) the Debt Financing
provided for by the Debt Commitment Letters is available for immediate drawdown in accordance with its terms if the Equity
Financing is funded at the Closing and (iii) the Company has irrevocably confirmed in writing that if specific performance is
granted, then the Company will take such actions to ensure that Closing will occur. For the avoidance of doubt, under no
circumstances shall the Company be permitted or entitled to receive both a grant of specific performance and payment of the Parent
Termination Fee.

Section 12.14. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is not intended to and shall not confer upon any Person other
than the parties hereto any rights or remedies hereunder; provided, however, that it is specifically intended that (A) the Indemnified
Persons (solely with respect to Section 8.03), (B) the Lender Related Parties (solely with respect to Section 12.04(e) and (f)
(Expenses), Section 12.08 (Jurisdiction), Section 12.09 (Waiver of Jury Trial), Section 12.12 (Severability), this Section 12.14 (No
Third-Party Beneficiaries) and Section 12.15 (No Recourse) and (C) the Parent Related Parties (solely with respect to Section
12.04(e) and (f) (Expenses), Section 12.07 (Governing Law), Section 12.08 (Jurisdiction), Section 12.09 (Waiver of Jury Trial),
Section 12.12 (Severability), this Section 12.14 (No Third-Party Beneficiaries) and Section 12.15 (No Recourse)) are third-party
beneficiaries of this relevant provisions of this Agreement.

Section 12.15. No Recourse. This Agreement may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be
based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this Agreement may only be
made against the entities that are expressly identified as parties hereto and no Parent Related Party (other than the Equity Investors
to the extent set forth in their respective Limited Guarantee) or Lender Related Party shall have any liability for any obligations or
liabilities of the parties to this Agreement or for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by
reason of, the transactions contemplated hereby or in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection
herewith. Without limiting the rights of the Company against Parent or Merger Sub hereunder, in no event shall the Company or any
of its Affiliates, and the Company agrees not to and to cause its Affiliates not to,

A-50



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 158/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

seek to enforce this Agreement against, make any claims for breach of this Agreement against, or seek to recover monetary damages
from, any Parent Related Party (other than any payment from each Equity Investor to the extent set forth in their respective Limited
Guarantee) or Lender Related Party.

[The remainder of this page has been intentionally left blank;
the next page is the signature page.]

A-51



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 159/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized
officers as of the date set forth on the cover page of this Agreement.
 PHARMERICA CORPORATION
    
 By: /s/ Gregory S. Weishar
  Name: Gregory S. Weishar
  Title: Chief Executive Officer
 PHOENIX PARENT HOLDINGS INC.
    
 By: /s/ Max C. Lin
  Name: Max C. Lin
  Title: Vice President and Secretary
 PHOENIX MERGER SUB INC.
    
 By: /s/ Max C. Lin
  Name: Max C. Lin
  Title: Vice President and Secretary

A-52



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 160/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Exhibit A
   

Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation
   

AMENDED AND RESTATED
   

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
   

OF
   

PHARMERICA CORPORATION

FIRST: The name of the corporation (which is hereinafter referred to as the “Corporation”) is PharMerica Corporation.

SECOND: The registered office of the Corporation in the State of Delaware is located at 4001 Kennett Pike, Suite 302, County
of New Castle, Wilmington, DE 19807, and the name of the registered agent of the Corporation whose office address will be the
same as the registered office is Maples Fiduciary Services (Delaware) Inc.

THIRD: The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized
under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), as from time to time amended.

FOURTH: The total number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is 1,000, all of which
shares shall be Common Stock having a par value per share of $0.01.

FIFTH: In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, subject to any limitations contained elsewhere in
this certificate of incorporation, bylaws of the Corporation may be adopted, amended or repealed by a majority of the board of
directors of the Corporation. Election of directors need not be by written ballot.

SIXTH: No director of the Corporation shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach
of his or her fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent that such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted
under the DGCL as currently in effect or as the same may hereafter be amended. Any amendment, repeal or modification of this
ARTICLE SIXTH shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act
or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, repeal or modification. If the DGCL is amended after the filing of this
Certificate of Incorporation to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the
liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the DGCL, as so amended.

SEVENTH: (a) The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law as it presently exists and may hereafter be
amended, indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed
action, suit or proceeding (a “Proceeding”), whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or
she (or a person for whom he or she is the legal representative) is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director
or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another
corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in
such capacity, and may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to such a Proceeding by
reason of the fact that he or she is or was an employee or agent of the Corporation, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees),
judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his or her behalf in connection
with such Proceeding and any appeal therefrom, if he or she acted in good faith and in a manner he or she reasonably believed to be
in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had no reasonable cause to
believe his or her conduct was unlawful; except that in the case of a Proceeding by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a
judgment in its favor (1) such indemnification shall be limited to expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably
incurred by such person in the defense or settlement of such Proceeding, and (2) no indemnification shall be made in respect of any
claim, issue or



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 161/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the
Delaware Court of Chancery or the court in which such Proceeding was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the
adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity
for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Notwithstanding the foregoing, but
subject to paragraph (e) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH, the Corporation shall not be obligated to indemnify a director or officer of the
Corporation in respect of a Proceeding (or part thereof) instituted by such director or officer, unless such Proceeding (or part
thereof) has been authorized in the specific case by the board of directors. The termination of any Proceeding by judgment, order
settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person
did not act in good faith and in a manner which he or she reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the
Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal Proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his or her conduct was unlawful.

(b) To the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in
defense of any Proceeding referred to in paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH or in defense of any claim, issue or matter
therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such
person in connection therewith.

(c) Any indemnification of a present or former director or officer of the Corporation under paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE
SEVENTH (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation unless a determination is made that indemnification of the
present or former director or officer is not proper in the circumstances because he or she has not met the applicable standard of
conduct set forth in paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH. Any indemnification of a present or former employee or agent of
the Corporation under paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH (unless ordered by a court) may be made by the Corporation upon
a determination that indemnification of the present or former employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because he or she has
met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH. Any such determination shall be
made, with respect to a person who is a director or officer at the time of such determination, (1) by a majority vote of the directors
who are not parties to such Proceeding, even though less than a quorum, or (2) by a committee of such directors designated by
majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, or (3) if there are no such directors, or if such directors so direct, by
independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (4) by the stockholders.

(d) To the fullest extent not prohibited by law, expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a current or former director or
officer in defending any civil, criminal, administrative or investigative Proceeding shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the
final disposition of such Proceeding; provided, however, that such advancement of expenses shall, to the extent required by law, be
made only upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director or officer to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be
determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this ARTICLE SEVENTH.

(e) Any indemnification of a director or officer of the Corporation under paragraphs (a) and (b) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH,
or advance of costs, charges and expenses to a director or officer under paragraph (d) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH, shall be made
promptly, and in any event within thirty (30) days, upon the written request of the director or officer. If a determination by the
Corporation that the director or officer is entitled to indemnification pursuant to this ARTICLE SEVENTH is required, and the
Corporation fails to respond within thirty (30) days to a written request for indemnity, the Corporation shall be deemed to have
approved such request. If the Corporation denies a written request for indemnity or advancement of expenses, in whole or in part, or
if payment in full pursuant to such request is not made within thirty (30) days, the right to indemnification or advances as granted by
this ARTICLE SEVENTH shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of competent jurisdiction. Such person’s costs
and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing his or her right to indemnification or advancement, in whole or
in part, in any such Proceeding shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any such Proceeding (other than
an action brought to enforce a claim for the advance of costs, charges and expenses under paragraph (d) of this ARTICLE
SEVENTH where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standard
of conduct set forth in paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the
Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its board of directors, its independent legal counsel, and its
stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper
in the circumstances because he or

A-A-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 162/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in paragraph (a) of this ARTICLE SEVENTH, nor the fact that there has
been an actual determination by the Corporation (including its board of directors, its independent legal counsel, and its stockholders)
that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the
claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct.

(f) The foregoing indemnification provisions shall be deemed to be a contract between the Corporation and each director,
officer, employee and agent who serves in any such capacity at any time while these provisions as well as the relevant provisions of
the DGCL are in effect and any repeal or modification thereof shall not affect any right or obligation then existing with respect to
any state of facts then or previously existing or any Proceeding previously or thereafter brought or threatened based in whole or in
part upon any such state of facts. Such a “contract right” may not be modified retroactively without the consent of such director,
officer, employee or agent. The indemnification provided by this ARTICLE SEVENTH shall not be deemed exclusive of any other
rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or
otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and
shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs,
executors and administrators of such a person.

(g) The Corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was or has agreed to become a
director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer,
employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against
such person and incurred by such person or on such person’s behalf in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as
such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him or her against such liability under the provisions of
this ARTICLE SEVENTH.

(h) If this ARTICLE SEVENTH or any portion hereof shall be invalidated on any ground by any court of competent
jurisdiction, then the Corporation shall nevertheless indemnify each director or officer and may indemnify each employee or agent
of the Corporation as to costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement
with respect to a Proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, including a Proceeding by or in the right of the
Corporation, to the fullest extent permitted by any applicable portion of this ARTICLE SEVENTH that shall not have been
invalidated and to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law.

A-A-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 163/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

UBS Securities LLC
1285 Avenue of the Americas, 10th Floor
New York, NY 10019
www.ubs.com
   
www.ubs.com

Annex B

August 1, 2017

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
1901 Campus Place
Louisville, Kentucky 40299

Dear Members of the Board:

We understand that PharMerica Corporation, a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), is considering a transaction whereby
Phoenix Parent Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Buyer”), will effect a merger involving the Company. Pursuant to the terms
of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of August 1, 2017 (the “Agreement”), among Parent, the Company and Phoenix
Merger Sub Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Sub”), Parent will undertake a series of
transactions whereby the Company will become a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (the “Merger”). Pursuant to the terms of the
Agreement all of the issued and outstanding shares of the common stock, par value of $0.01 per share, of the Company (“Company
Common Stock”), will be converted into the right to receive, for each outstanding share of Company Common Stock, $29.25 in cash
(the “Consideration”). The terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement.

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of the Company Common
Stock (other than Parent, Sub and their affiliates) of the Consideration to be received by such holders in the Merger.

UBS Securities LLC (“UBS”) has acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with the Merger and will receive a
fee for its services, a portion of which is payable in connection with this opinion and a significant portion of which is contingent
upon consummation of the Merger. In the past two years, UBS and its affiliates have provided investment banking services to a
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“Walgreens”), unrelated to the proposed Merger, for which UBS and its affiliates received
compensation, including (i) providing financial advisory services to Walgreens in connection with its proposed acquisition of Rite
Aid, (ii) acting as administrative agent, joint lead arranger and joint lead bookrunner in connection with Walgreens’
$12,800,000,000 bridge facility commitment for its proposed acquisition of Rite Aid, and (iii) acting as joint bookrunner in
connection with Walgreens’ issuance of notes in the aggregate principal amount of $6,000,000,000. In addition, in the past, UBS
and its affiliates have provided lending, investment banking and underwriting services to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. LP
(“KKR”) and its affiliates, unrelated to the proposed Merger, for which UBS and its affiliates received compensation. In the ordinary
course of business, UBS and its affiliates may hold or trade, for their own accounts and the accounts of their customers, securities of
the Company, Walgreens, KKR and their respective affiliates and, accordingly, may at any time hold a long or short position in such
securities. The issuance of this opinion was approved by an authorized committee of UBS.

UBS Investment Bank is a business division of UBS AG.
UBS Securities LLC is a subsidiary of UBS AG.

B-1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 164/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
August 1, 2017
Page 2

Our opinion does not address the relative merits of the Merger or any related transaction as compared to other business
strategies or transactions that might be available with respect to the Company or the Company’s underlying business decision to
effect the Merger or any related transaction. Our opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder as to how such
shareholder should vote or act with respect to the Merger or any related transaction. At your direction, we have not been asked to,
nor do we, offer any opinion as to the terms, other than the Consideration to the extent expressly specified herein, of the Agreement
or any related documents or the form of the Merger or any related transaction. In addition, we express no opinion as to the fairness
of the amount or nature of any compensation to be received by any officers, directors or employees of any parties to the Merger, or
any class of such persons, relative to the Consideration. We express no opinion as to the price at which Company Common Stock
will trade at any time. In rendering this opinion, we have assumed, with your consent, that (i) the parties to the Agreement will
comply with all material terms of the Agreement, and (ii) the Merger will be consummated in accordance with the terms of the
Agreement without any adverse waiver or amendment of any material term or condition thereof. We also have assumed that all
governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Merger will be obtained without
any material adverse effect on the Company, Parent or the Merger.

In arriving at our opinion, we have, among other things: (i) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial
information relating to the Company; (ii) reviewed certain internal financial information and other data relating to the business and
financial prospects of the Company that were not publicly available, including financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the
management of the Company that you have directed us to utilize for purposes of our analysis; (iii) conducted discussions with
members of the senior management of the Company concerning the business and financial prospects of the Company; (iv)
performed a discounted cash flow analysis of the Company in which we analyzed the future cash flows of the Company using
financial forecasts and estimates prepared by the management of the Company; (v) reviewed publicly available financial and stock
market data with respect to certain other companies we believe to be generally relevant; (vi) compared the financial terms of the
Merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain other transactions we believe to be generally relevant; (vii) reviewed
current and historical market prices of Company Common Stock; (viii) reviewed the Agreement; and (ix) conducted such other
financial studies, analyses and investigations, and considered such other information, as we deemed necessary or appropriate. At
your request, we have contacted third parties to solicit indications of interest in a possible transaction with the Company and held
discussions with certain of these parties prior to the date hereof.

In connection with our review, with your consent, we have assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the
accuracy and completeness in all material respects of the information provided to or reviewed by us for the purpose of this opinion.
In addition, with your consent, we have not made any independent evaluation or appraisal of any of the assets or liabilities
(contingent or otherwise) of the Company, nor have we been furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. With respect to the
financial forecasts and estimates referred to above, we have assumed, at your direction, that they have been reasonably prepared on
a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company as to the future financial
performance of the Company. In addition, we have assumed with your approval that the financial forecasts and estimates referred to
above will be achieved at the times and in the amounts projected. Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information available to us as of, the date hereof.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the Consideration to be received by the
holders of Company Common Stock (other than Parent, Sub and their affiliates) in the Merger is fair, from a financial point of view,
to such holders.

B-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 165/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
August 1, 2017
Page 3

This opinion is provided for the benefit of the Board of Directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with, and for the
purpose of, its evaluation of the Consideration in the Merger.

Very truly yours,

/s/ UBS Securities LLC

UBS SECURITIES LLC

B-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 166/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 

Annex C

August 1, 2017

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
1901 Campus Place
Louisville, KY 40299

Members of the Board of Directors:
We understand that PharMerica Corporation (“PharMerica”) proposes to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger (the
“Agreement”), among PharMerica, Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc., a Delaware corporation (“PPH”), and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc., a
Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of PPH (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger Sub
will merge with and into PharMerica (the “Merger”), with PharMerica surviving the Merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of PPH,
and each outstanding share of the common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of PharMerica (“PharMerica Common Stock”) will be
converted into the right to receive $29.25 in cash, without interest (the “Consideration”). Concurrently with the execution of the
Agreement, we understand that each of Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“Walgreens”) and KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (each, an
“Equity Investor”) proposes to enter into a limited guarantee in favor of PharMerica pursuant to which each Equity Investor will
guarantee certain obligations of PPH and Merger Sub under the Agreement on the terms and conditions set forth in each respective
limited guarantee. The terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in the Agreement.

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of PharMerica Common Stock of the
Consideration to be received by such holders in the Merger.

In connection with this opinion, we have, among other things:

(1) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to PharMerica;

(2) reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations and prospects of
PharMerica furnished to or discussed with us by the management of PharMerica, including certain financial forecasts
relating to PharMerica prepared by the management of PharMerica (such forecasts, “PharMerica Forecasts”);

(3) reviewed and discussed with the management of PharMerica its estimates of the amount and utilization of certain net
operating losses (collectively, the “NOLs”);

(4) discussed the past and current business, operations, financial condition and prospects of PharMerica with members of
senior management of PharMerica;

(5) reviewed the trading history for PharMerica Common Stock and a comparison of that trading history with the trading
histories of other companies we deemed relevant;

(6) compared certain financial and stock market information of PharMerica with similar information of other companies we
deemed relevant;

(7) considered the results of our efforts on behalf of PharMerica to solicit, at the direction of PharMerica, indications of
interest from certain third parties with respect to a possible acquisition of PharMerica;

(8) reviewed a draft, dated July 28, 2017, of the Agreement (the “Draft Agreement”), and drafts, dated July 31, 2017, of the
limited guarantees to be executed by each Equity Investor in favor of PharMerica (each limited guarantee, together with
the Agreement, the “Transaction Agreements” and, such drafts, the “Draft Transaction Agreements”); and

(9) performed such other analyses and studies and considered such other information and factors as we deemed appropriate.

C-1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 167/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
Page 2

In arriving at our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the
financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with us and have
relied upon the assurances of the management of PharMerica that it is not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such
information or data inaccurate or misleading in any material respect. With respect to the PharMerica Forecasts and the NOLs, we
have been advised by PharMerica, and we have assumed, that they have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of PharMerica as to the future financial performance of
PharMerica and the other matters covered thereby. We have relied, at the direction of PharMerica, on the assessments of the
management of PharMerica as to the ability to utilize the NOLs and have been advised by PharMerica, and have assumed, at the
direction of PharMerica, that such NOLs will be utilized in the amounts and at the times projected. We have not made or been
provided with any independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of PharMerica, nor have
we made any physical inspection of the properties or assets of PharMerica. We have not evaluated the solvency or fair value of
PharMerica, PPH or Merger Sub under any state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. We
have assumed, at the direction of PharMerica, that the Merger will be consummated in accordance with its terms, without waiver,
modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary
governmental, regulatory and other approvals, consents, releases and waivers for the Merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or
condition, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or modifications, will be imposed that would have an adverse
effect on PharMerica or the contemplated benefits of the Merger. We also have assumed, at the direction of PharMerica, that the
final executed Transaction Agreements will not differ in any material respect from the Draft Transaction Agreements reviewed by
us.

We express no view or opinion as to any terms or other aspects or implications of the Merger (other than the Consideration to the
extent expressly specified herein), including, without limitation, the form or structure of the Merger, any related transactions or any
other agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection with or related to the Merger or otherwise. Our opinion is
limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Consideration to be received by holders of PharMerica Common Stock
and no opinion or view is expressed with respect to any consideration received in connection with the Merger by the holders of any
class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of any party. In addition, no opinion or view is expressed with respect to the
fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount, nature or any other aspect of any compensation to any of the officers, directors or
employees of any party to the Merger, or class of such persons, relative to the Consideration or otherwise. Furthermore, no opinion
or view is expressed as to the relative merits of the Merger in comparison to other strategies or transactions that might be available
to PharMerica or in which PharMerica might engage or as to the underlying business decision of PharMerica to proceed with or
effect the Merger. We also are not expressing any view or opinion with respect to, and we have relied, at the direction of
PharMerica, upon the assessments of representatives of PharMerica regarding, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax and similar matters
relating to PharMerica or the Merger, as to which matters we understand that PharMerica obtained such advice as it deemed
necessary from qualified professionals. In addition, we express no opinion or recommendation as to how any stockholder should
vote or act in connection with the Merger or any other matter.

We have acted as financial advisor to PharMerica in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee for our services, a portion of
which is payable upon delivery of this opinion and the principal portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the Merger.
In addition, PharMerica has agreed to reimburse our expenses and indemnify us against certain liabilities arising out of our
engagement.

C-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 168/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
Page 3

We and our affiliates comprise a full service securities firm and commercial bank engaged in securities, commodities and
derivatives trading, foreign exchange and other brokerage activities, and principal investing as well as providing investment,
corporate and private banking, asset and investment management, financing and financial advisory services and other commercial
services and products to a wide range of companies, governments and individuals. In the ordinary course of our businesses, we and
our affiliates may invest on a principal basis or on behalf of customers or manage funds that invest, make or hold long or short
positions, finance positions or trade or otherwise effect transactions in equity, debt or other securities or financial instruments
(including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of (i) PharMerica and certain of its affiliates and (ii) PPH and certain of its
affiliates, including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. L.P. (“KKR”) and certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and
Walgreens and certain of its affiliates.

We and our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide, investment banking,
commercial banking and other financial services to PharMerica and certain of its affiliates, and have received or in the future may
receive compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted or acting as administrative agent, bookrunner,
collateral agent and arranger for, and/or as a lender under, certain term loans, letters of credit, credit and leasing facilities and other
credit arrangements of PharMerica and/or certain of its affiliates and (ii) having provided or providing certain treasury management
products and services to PharMerica and/or certain of its affiliates.

In addition, we and our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide, investment
banking, commercial banking and other financial services to PPH and certain of its affiliates, including KKR and certain of its
affiliates and portfolio companies and Walgreens and certain of its affiliates, and have received or in the future may receive
compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted or acting as financial advisor to KKR, certain of its
affiliates and portfolio companies, Walgreens and an affiliate thereof in connection with certain mergers and acquisitions and
divestiture transactions, (ii) having acted or acting as a bookrunning-manager, underwriter, stabilizing manager, global coordinator
and/or initial purchaser for various debt and equity offerings of KKR, certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and
Walgreens, (iii) having acted or acting as a dealer for a commercial paper program of Walgreens and an affiliate thereof, (iv) having
acted or acting as a dealer manager for certain debt exchange and tender offers of an affiliate and portfolio company of KKR and an
affiliate of Walgreens, (v) having acted or acting as an administrative agent, bookrunner, collateral agent and/or arranger for, and/or
as a lender under, certain term loans, letters of credit, credit and leasing facilities and other credit arrangements of PPH and/or
certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and Walgreens and/or certain of its
affiliates (including acquisition financing), (vi) having provided or providing certain commodity, derivatives, foreign exchange and
other trading services to PPH and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies
and Walgreens and/or certain of its affiliates, (vii) having acted or acting as a corporate broker to an affiliate and portfolio company
of KKR and an affiliate of Walgreens, (viii) having provided or providing certain managed investments services and products to
PPH and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and Walgreens and/or
certain of its affiliates and (ix) having provided or providing certain treasury management products and services to PPH and/or
certain of its affiliates, including KKR and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and Walgreens and/or certain of its
affiliates. In addition, we and/or certain of our affiliates have maintained, currently are maintaining, and in the future may maintain,
significant commercial (including vendor and/or customer) relationships with PPH and/or certain of its affiliates, including KKR
and/or certain of its affiliates and portfolio companies and Walgreens and/or certain of its affiliates.

C-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 169/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
PharMerica Corporation
Page 4

It is understood that this letter is for the benefit and use of the Board of Directors of PharMerica (in its capacity as such) in
connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the Merger.

Our opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, monetary, market and other conditions and circumstances as in effect on,
and the information made available to us as of, the date hereof. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect
this opinion, and we do not have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm this opinion. The issuance of this opinion was
approved by a fairness opinion review committee of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, including the various assumptions and limitations set forth herein, we are of the opinion on
the date hereof that the Consideration to be received in the Merger by holders of PharMerica Common Stock is fair, from a financial
point of view, to such holders.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated

MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH
INCORPORATED

C-4



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 170/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex D

Execution Version

August 1, 2017

PharMerica Corporation
1901 Campus Place
Louisville, KY 40299

Re: Antitrust Support Side Letter

Ladies and Gentlemen:

Reference is made to the Agreement and Plan of Merger (the “Merger Agreement”), dated as of the date hereof, between
PharMerica Corporation (the “Company”), Phoenix Parent Holdings Inc. (“Parent”) and Phoenix Merger Sub Inc. Capitalized
terms used herein without definition shall have the meaning ascribed thereto in the Merger Agreement.

The Company, KKR Americas Fund XII L.P. (“KKR Americas XII”) and Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc. (“WBA”) hereby agree
as follows:

1. (a) Subject to Section 1(b), each of WBA and KKR Americas XII shall use reasonable best efforts to take all actions
necessary to enable Parent to comply with its obligations under Section 9.01 of the Merger Agreement.

(b) Nothing in this letter or the Merger Agreement shall require WBA or any of its Affiliates or Kohlberg Kravis Roberts
L.P. (“KKR”) or any of its Affiliates (on behalf of themselves or others), including KKR Americas XII and any other
investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with, or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio company (as
such term is commonly understood in the private equity industry) or investment of KKR or of any such investment fund or
investment vehicle, other than Parent and its Subsidiaries, to agree to or otherwise effect any divestiture, hold separate
arrangement, change to its assets or business, litigation or any other Antitrust Action, and Parent shall have no obligation
to cause WBA, KKR or such Affiliates to take any such actions.

2. Each of WBA, WBA’s affiliates (excluding for this purpose Parent and Merger Sub, the obligations for which are set forth
in the Merger Agreement) and KKR Americas XII shall use reasonable best efforts not to undertake, announce or enter
into any agreement relating to any merger, acquisition, joint venture, commercial contract or similar transaction with any
other person or entity that involves any (i) long term care pharmacy or (ii) business that provides home infusion therapy
services to patients, if, in the case of (i) or (ii), any of the foregoing would be reasonably expected to result in any material
impediment or material delay in obtaining applicable clearances required under any applicable antitrust laws (provided
that nothing contained in this letter or the Merger Agreement shall in anyway restrict the activities of KKR or any of its
Affiliates (excluding KKR Americas XII but including any other investment funds or investment vehicles affiliated with,
or managed or advised by, KKR or any portfolio company (as such term is commonly understood in the private equity
industry) or investment of KKR or of KKR Americas XII or any such other investment fund or investment vehicle).

3. In the event of any breach of this letter by WBA or KKR Americas XII (whether such breach is intentional, unintentional,
a Willful Breach or otherwise), the sole and exclusive remedies of the Company and any of its Affiliates are to (a) seek to
obtain an injunction or specific performance against WBA or KKR Americas XII or (b) terminate the Merger Agreement
in accordance with Section 11.01(d)(iii) of the Merger Agreement and receive the Parent Termination Fee or Willful
Breach Antitrust Termination Fee pursuant to, and subject to the limitations of Section 12.04 of the Merger Agreement. In
no event shall the Company or the stockholders of the Company seek to recover monetary damages from WBA, KKR
Americas XII or any other Parent Related Party, other than (i) payment of the Parent Termination Fee or the Willful
Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, if due from Parent under the terms of the Merger Agreement, (ii) to the
extent Parent does not pay the Parent Termination Fee or Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, payment
from WBA of the pro rata portion of the Parent Termination Fee or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as
applicable, guaranteed by WBA subject to and in accordance with its Limited

D-1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 171/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Guarantee, and (iii) to the extent Parent does not pay the Parent Termination Fee or the Willful Breach Antitrust
Termination Fee, as applicable, payment from KKR Americas XII of the pro rata portion of the Parent Termination Fee or
Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee, as applicable, guaranteed by KKR Americas XII subject to and in accordance
with its Limited Guarantee. For the avoidance of doubt and in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, the
parties agree and understand that in no event shall Parent be required to pay both the Parent Termination Fee and the
Willful Breach Antirust Termination Fee and consequently in no event shall WBA and KKR Americas XII be required to
pay their applicable pro rata portions of both such fees, it being understood and agreed that only either the Parent
Termination Fee or the Willful Breach Antitrust Termination Fee shall ever be payable.

4. This letter may only be enforced against, and any claims or causes of action that may be based upon, arise out of or relate
to this letter, or the negotiation, execution or performance of this letter may only be made against WBA and KKR
Americas and no Parent Related Party (other than WBA and KKR Americas) shall have any liability under this letter or
for any claim (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) based on, in respect of, or by reason of, the transactions contemplated
hereby or in respect of any oral representations made or alleged to be made in connection herewith.

5. This letter shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to the
conflicts of law rules of such State.

6. The parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding seeking to enforce any provision of, or based on any matter
arising out of or in connection with, this letter or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought in the Delaware
Chancery Court or, if such court shall not have jurisdiction, any federal court located in the State of Delaware or other
Delaware state court, and each of the parties hereby irrevocably consents to the jurisdiction of such courts (and of the
appropriate appellate courts therefrom) in any such suit, action or proceeding and irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent
permitted by Applicable Law, any objection that it may now or hereafter have to the laying of the venue of any such suit,
action or proceeding in any such court or that any such suit, action or proceeding brought in any such court has been
brought in an inconvenient forum. Process in any such suit, action or proceeding may be served on any party anywhere in
the world, whether within or without the jurisdiction of any such court.

7. EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY
JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS LETTER OR THE
TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

8. This letter may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement,
and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the
other party (including by means of electronic delivery or facsimile), it being understood that the parties need not sign the
same counterpart. Signatures to this letter agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in “portable
document format” (“.pdf”) form, or by any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial
appearance of a document, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original
signature.

9. This letter agreement (and all obligations hereunder) shall terminate automatically and immediately upon the earliest to
occur of (a) the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, (b) the termination of the Equity
Commitment Letters and/or the Limited Guarantees in accordance with their terms and (c) the Closing.

[Signature page follows]

D-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 172/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The undersigned hereby confirm their agreement to the foregoing.

Very truly yours,
KKR Americas Fund XII L.P.
    
By: KKR Associates Americas XII L.P.,

its General Partner
By: KKR Americas XII Limited,

its General Partner
By: /s/ William J. Janetschek
 Name: William J. Janetschek
 Title: Authorized Signatory
Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc.
   
By: /s/ Mark E. Vainisi
 Name: Mark E. Vainisi
 Title: SVP, M&A
PharMerica Corporation
   
By: /s/ Gregory S. Weishar
 Name: Gregory S. Weishar
 Title: Chief Executive Officer

D-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 173/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex E

Section 262 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware

§ 262. Appraisal Rights

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a demand pursuant
to subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such shares through the effective date
of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted
in favor of the merger or consolidation nor consented thereto in writing pursuant to § 228 of this title shall be entitled to an
appraisal by the Court of Chancery of the fair value of the stockholder’s shares of stock under the circumstances described
in subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section, the word “stockholder” means a holder of record of stock
in a corporation; the words “stock” and “share” mean and include what is ordinarily meant by those words; and the words
“depository receipt” mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a depository representing an interest in 1 or more shares,
or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation, which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation in a merger or
consolidation to be effected pursuant to § 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to § 251(g) of this title and, subject to
paragraph (b)(3) of this section, § 251(h) of this title), § 252, § 254, § 255, § 256, § 257, § 258, § 263 or § 264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that, except as expressly provided in § 363(b) of this title, no appraisal rights under this section
shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository receipts in respect thereof,
at the record date fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive notice of the meeting of stockholders to act
upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, were either: (i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of
record by more than 2,000 holders; and further provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of
stock of the constituent corporation surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the
stockholders of the surviving corporation as provided in § 251(f) of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b)(1) of this section, appraisal rights under this section shall be available for the shares
of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are required by the terms of an
agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to §§ 251, 252, 254, 255, 256, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to
accept for such stock anything except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or depository
receipts in respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of stock (or
depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the merger or consolidation
will be either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000 holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a.
and b. of this section; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional
depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a., b. and c. of this section.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under § 251(h), § 253 or
§ 267 of this title is not owned by the parent immediately prior to the merger, appraisal rights shall be available for
the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

(4) In the event of an amendment to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation contemplated by § 363(a) of this title,
appraisal rights shall be available as contemplated by § 363(b) of this title, and the procedures of this section,
including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply as nearly as practicable, with the word
“amendment” substituted for the words

E-1



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 174/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“merger or consolidation,” and the word “corporation” substituted for the words “constituent corporation” and/or
“surviving or resulting corporation.”

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall be available for
the shares of any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of incorporation, any merger or
consolidation in which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the
corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a provision, the provisions of this section, including those set
forth in subsections (d), (e), and (g) of this section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be submitted for
approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the meeting, shall notify each of
its stockholders who was such on the record date for notice of such meeting (or such members who received notice in
accordance with § 255(c) of this title) with respect to shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to
subsection (b) or (c) of this section that appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent
corporations, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a
nonstock corporation, a copy of § 114 of this title. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
stockholder’s shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or consolidation, a
written demand for appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the
corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
stockholder’s shares. A proxy or vote against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A
stockholder electing to take such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days
after the effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in favor of or
consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to § 228, § 251(h), § 253, or § 267 of this title, then either a
constituent corporation before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the surviving or resulting
corporation within 10 days thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such
constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of the merger or consolidation and that
appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such class or series of stock of such constituent corporation, and
shall include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a
copy of § 114 of this title. Such notice may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
shall, also notify such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to
appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice or, in the case of a merger approved
pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, within the later of the consummation of the offer contemplated by § 251(h) of this
title and 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in writing from the surviving or resulting
corporation the appraisal of such holder’s shares. Such demand will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the
corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such
holder’s shares. If such notice did not notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either
(i) each such constituent corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or
consolidation notifying each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are
entitled to appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after such effective date;
provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than 20 days following the sending of the first notice or, in
the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, later than the later of the consummation of the offer
contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days following the sending of the first notice, such second notice need
only be sent to each

E-2



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 175/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

stockholder who is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder’s shares in accordance
with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the corporation that
is required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of fraud, be prima facie evidence
of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders entitled to receive either notice, each
constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the
notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the
record date shall be such effective date. If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date,
the record date shall be the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation or any
stockholder who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal
rights, may commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Court of Chancery demanding a determination of
the value of the stock of all such stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the
effective date of the merger or consolidation, any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined
that proceeding as a named party shall have the right to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept
the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation,
any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof, upon written
request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or resulting from the consolidation a
statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger or consolidation and with respect
to which demands for appraisal have been received and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written
statement shall be mailed to the stockholder within 10 days after such stockholder’s written request for such a statement is
received by the surviving or resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands
for appraisal under subsection (d) of this section hereof, whichever is later. Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section,
a person who is the beneficial owner of shares of such stock held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such
person may, in such person’s own name, file a petition or request from the corporation the statement described in this
subsection.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the surviving or
resulting corporation, which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the Register in Chancery in which
the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all stockholders who have demanded
payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the surviving
or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be
accompanied by such a duly verified list. The Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the
time and place fixed for the hearing of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation
and to the stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in the City of
Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the notices by mail and by
publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by the surviving or resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this section and who
have become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have demanded an appraisal for
their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery
for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such
direction, the Court may dismiss the proceedings as to such stockholder. If immediately before the merger or consolidation
the shares of the class or series of stock of the constituent corporation as to which appraisal rights are available were listed
on a national securities exchange, the Court shall dismiss the proceedings as to all holders of such shares who are
otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of

E-3



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 176/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of the class or series eligible for appraisal, (2) the value
of the consideration provided in the merger or consolidation for such total number of shares exceeds $1 million, or (3) the
merger was approved pursuant to § 253 or § 267 of this title.

(h) After the Court determines the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the appraisal proceeding shall be conducted in
accordance with the rules of the Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing appraisal proceedings.
Through such proceeding the Court shall determine the fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of value arising
from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or consolidation, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amount determined to be the fair value. In determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant
factors. Unless the Court in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, and except as provided in this
subsection, interest from the effective date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment shall be
compounded quarterly and shall accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as
established from time to time during the period between the effective date of the merger and the date of payment of the
judgment. At any time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings, the surviving corporation may pay to each
stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case interest shall accrue thereafter as provided herein only
upon the sum of (1) the difference, if any, between the amount so paid and the fair value of the shares as determined by the
Court, and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless paid at that time. Upon application by the surviving or resulting
corporation or by any stockholder entitled to participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion,
proceed to trial upon the appraisal prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal. Any
stockholder whose name appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this
section and who has submitted such stockholder’s certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is required, may
participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not entitled to appraisal rights
under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the surviving or
resulting corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. Payment shall be so made to each such stockholder, in the case of
holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares represented by certificates upon the surrender to
the corporation of the certificates representing such stock. The Court’s decree may be enforced as other decrees in the
Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of
any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems equitable in
the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any
stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and the
fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights as
provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any purpose or to receive payment of
dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or other distributions payable to stockholders of record at a
date which is prior to the effective date of the merger or consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an
appraisal shall be filed within the time provided in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the
surviving or resulting corporation a written withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance
of the merger or consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in
subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder
to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery shall be
dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms
as the Court deems just; provided, however that this provision shall not affect the right of any stockholder who has

E-4



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 177/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party to withdraw such stockholder’s
demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation within 60 days after the effective
date of the merger or consolidation, as set forth in subsection (e) of this section.

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders would have been
converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of authorized and unissued shares of the
surviving or resulting corporation.

E-5



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 178/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 179/181



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 180/181

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 



9/18/2019 https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1388195/000156761917002126/s001856x2_defm14a.htm 181/181


