







































9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 1/263

DEFM14A 1 d538019ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material under § 240.14a-12

CAVIUM, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter)

 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if Other Than the Registrant)

Payment of filing fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0- 11 (Set forth the amount on which
the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials:



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 2/263

☐
 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was
paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the form or schedule and the date of its filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     

 
  



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 3/263

Table of Contents

  

PROPOSED MERGER AND SHARE ISSUANCE—YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

Dear Shareholders:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (“Marvell”), Kauai Acquisition Corp., an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell (“Merger Sub”), and Cavium,
Inc. (“Cavium”) have entered into an agreement and plan of merger, dated as of November 19, 2017 (the “Merger Agreement”). Merger Sub is a direct
wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell Technology, Inc. (“MTI”), which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell. Pursuant to the Merger
Agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into Cavium (the “Merger”), with Cavium continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI. Upon completion of the Merger, each issued and outstanding share of common stock, par value $0.001 per
share, of Cavium, other than any shares owned by Cavium, Marvell, Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries, will be converted into the right
to receive 2.1757 Marvell common shares, par value $0.002 per share, and $40.00 in cash.

Immediately following the Merger, Marvell’s shareholders will own approximately 76.7% of Marvell’s issued common shares, and Cavium’s
shareholders will own approximately 23.3% of Marvell’s issued common shares, based on the number of Marvell common shares issued and the number
of shares of Cavium common stock outstanding as of January 22, 2018. Marvell common shares are listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market
(“NASDAQ”) under the symbol “MRVL.” Cavium common stock is listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “CAVM.” Upon completion of the Merger,
Cavium common stock will be delisted from NASDAQ.

The Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

We are each holding a meeting of shareholders in order to obtain the shareholder approvals necessary to complete the Merger. At Cavium’s
shareholder meeting, Cavium will ask its shareholders to adopt the Merger Agreement, and at Marvell’s shareholder meeting, Marvell will ask
its shareholders to approve the issuance of Marvell common shares in connection with the Merger (the “Marvell Share Issuance”). Adoption of
the Merger Agreement by Cavium shareholders is a condition to the completion of the Merger. Approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by
Marvell shareholders is a condition to the completion of the Merger. The obligations of Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium to complete the
Merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver of several other conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and described in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. We urge you to read this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the documents incorporated by reference into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus, carefully and in their entirety. In particular, we urge you to read carefully the section entitled “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 25.

After careful consideration, the board of directors of Marvell has determined that the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance are fair to, and in the best
interests of, Marvell and its shareholders; and the board of directors of Cavium has determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger are fair to,
and in the best interests of, Cavium and its shareholders. Accordingly, the Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that the Marvell
shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and the other proposal to be considered at the Marvell general meeting,
and the Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that the Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the other proposals to be considered at the Cavium special meeting.

We are very excited about the opportunities the proposed Merger brings to both Marvell shareholders and Cavium shareholders, and we thank you for
your consideration and continued support.

              Sincerely,
 

Matthew J. Murphy  Syed B. Ali
President and Chief Executive Officer

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.  
Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of

Directors
 Cavium, Inc.

 



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 4/263

Table of Contents

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued
under this joint proxy statement/prospectus or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any
representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated February 5, 2018, and is first being mailed to Marvell shareholders and Cavium shareholders on or about
February 7, 2018.

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

As used in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, “Marvell” refers to Marvell Technology Group Ltd., “Merger Sub” refers to Kauai Acquisition Corp.,
and “Cavium” refers to Cavium, Inc. “We” or “our” refers to Marvell and Cavium. This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates important
business and financial information about Marvell and Cavium from documents that each company has filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”), but which have not been included in or delivered with this joint proxy statement/prospectus. For a list of documents
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and how you may obtain them, see “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 236. This information is available to you without charge upon your written or oral request. You can also obtain the
documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by accessing the SEC’s website maintained at
http://www.sec.gov.

In addition, Marvell’s filings with the SEC are available to the public on Marvell’s website, http://www.marvell.com, and Cavium’s filings with the SEC
are available to the public on Cavium’s website, http://www.cavium.com. Information about the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement is also contained on the following transaction website: http://marvellcavium.transactionannouncement.com. Information contained
on Marvell’s website, Cavium’s website, the transaction website or the website of any other person is not incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, and you should not consider information contained on those websites as part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Marvell or its proxy solicitor will provide you with copies of the information described above that relate to Marvell, without charge, if you
request them in writing or by telephone from:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
c/o Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.

5488 Marvell Lane
Santa Clara, California 95054
Attention: Investor Relations

(408) 222-0777
ir@marvell.com

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Shareholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 5/263

Table of Contents

Cavium or its proxy solicitor will provide you with copies of the information described above that relate to Cavium, without charge, if you
request such information in writing or by telephone from:

Cavium, Inc.
2315 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95131
Attention: Investor Relations

(408) 943-7100
IR@Cavium.com

or

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

Shareholders may call toll free: (800) 322-2885
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 929-5500

proxy@mackenziepartners.com

If you would like to request documents, please do so by February 20, 2018, in order to receive them before the shareholder meetings.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 (File No.333-222235) filed with the SEC by Marvell,
constitutes a prospectus of Marvell under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), with respect to Marvell common
shares to be issued to Cavium shareholders in connection with the Merger. This joint proxy statement/prospectus also constitutes a joint proxy statement
under Section 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”). It also constitutes a notice of meeting with respect to the
general meeting of Marvell shareholders and a notice of meeting with respect to the special meeting of Cavium shareholders.

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. No one has been
authorized to provide you with information that is different from that contained in, or incorporated by reference into, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated February 5, 2018. You should not assume that the information contained in, or
incorporated by reference into, this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than that date. Neither our mailing of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus to Marvell shareholders or Cavium shareholders, nor the issuance by Marvell of common shares in connection with the
Merger, will create any implication to the contrary.

This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer to buy, any securities, or the solicitation of
a proxy, in any jurisdiction to or from any person to whom it is unlawful to make any such offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. Information
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus regarding Marvell has been provided by Marvell, and information contained in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus regarding Cavium has been provided by Cavium.



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 6/263

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF GENERAL MEETING OF MARVELL SHAREHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 16, 2018

MARVELL TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD.
Canon’s Court

22 Victoria Street
Hamilton HM 12

Bermuda

Dear Shareholders of Marvell Technology Group Ltd.:

You are cordially invited to a general meeting of shareholders of Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (“Marvell”) at the offices of Marvell Semiconductor,
Inc. located at 5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, at 1:00 p.m. local time on March 16, 2018. Only shareholders who hold Marvell
common shares at the close of business on February 2, 2018, the record date for the general meeting, are entitled to vote at the general meeting and any
adjournments or postponements of the general meeting.

At the general meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon and approve the following proposals:
 

 

1. To approve the issuance of Marvell common shares (the “Marvell Share Issuance”) in connection with the merger (the “Merger”) of
Kauai Acquisition Corp. (“Merger Sub”) with and into Cavium, Inc. (“Cavium”), with Cavium continuing as the surviving
corporation in the Merger and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell Technology, Inc. (“MTI”), which is a direct wholly
owned subsidiary of Marvell; the Merger is being effected pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 19,
2017 (as it may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”), by and among Marvell, Merger Sub, and Cavium, a copy
of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus; and

 

 
2. To approve adjournments of the Marvell general meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to permit further solicitation of proxies if

there are not sufficient votes at the time of the Marvell general meeting to approve the Marvell Share Issuance (the “Marvell
Adjournment Proposal”).

No other business will be conducted at the general meeting. This joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposals listed above in detail. Please
give your careful attention to all of the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the
Merger Agreement and the other Annexes, for further information. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is also available on Marvell’s Internet site at
http://investor.marvell.com. This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains detailed information about the general meeting, Marvell, Cavium and the
Merger. We urge you to read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully and in its entirety. In particular, see the section entitled “Risk Factors”
beginning on page 25 of this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a discussion of the risks related to the Merger. For specific instructions on
how to submit your proxy, please refer to the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled “The Marvell General Meeting” beginning
on page 50.

After careful consideration, the Marvell board of directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance, and has determined that the Merger and the Marvell Share
Issuance are fair to, and in the best interests of, Marvell and Marvell’s shareholders. The Marvell board of directors accordingly unanimously
recommends that you vote “FOR” the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and “FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 7/263

Table of Contents

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN.

The Merger cannot be completed without the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Marvell common
shares represented in person or by proxy at the Marvell general meeting at which a quorum is present, which, under legal principles understood by
Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, excludes abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, which will have no effect on the outcome of
the vote on this proposal. Marvell shareholders as of February 2, 2018 may have their Marvell common shares voted by following the instructions
provided in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or on the enclosed proxy card or, if your shares are held in “street name,” by following the instructions
in the voting instruction form to be provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Marvell strongly recommends that Marvell shareholders
entitled to vote submit a proxy even if they plan to attend the Marvell general meeting. Submitting a proxy now (including by telephone or over the
Internet) will not prevent you from being able to vote at the Marvell general meeting by attending in person and casting a vote. Abstentions and broker
non-votes, if any, will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance.

Marvell shareholders who hold their Marvell common shares beneficially in “street name” and wish to submit a proxy must provide instructions to the
broker, bank, trustee or other nominee that holds their Marvell common shares as to how to vote their Marvell common shares. A Marvell shareholder
who holds his or her Marvell common shares beneficially in “street name” and wishes to vote in person at the Marvell general meeting must obtain a
proxy issued in the holder’s own name (known as a “legal proxy”) from the holder’s broker, bank or trustee.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Mitchell L. Gaynor
Chief Administration and Legal Officer and Secretary

Santa Clara, California
February 5, 2018

Please submit your proxy promptly. You can find instructions for voting on the enclosed proxy card.

If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies or need help voting your Marvell common shares, please contact Marvell or Marvell’s proxy
solicitor:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
c/o Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.

5488 Marvell Lane
Santa Clara, California 95054
Attention: Investor Relations

(408) 222-0777
ir@marvell.com

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor

New York, NY 10022

Shareholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 8/263

Table of Contents

CAVIUM, INC.
2315 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95131

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF CAVIUM SHAREHOLDERS

To Be Held on March 16, 2018

Dear Shareholders of Cavium, Inc.:

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of shareholders of Cavium, Inc., a Delaware corporation (“Cavium”), will be held at Cavium’s
corporate headquarters, 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, at 10:00 a.m. local time, on March 16, 2018. Only shareholders who hold
shares of Cavium common stock at the close of business on February 2, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, are entitled to vote at the special
meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the special meeting.

At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon and approve the following proposals, as more fully described in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus:
 

 

1. To approve the adoption of the Agreement and Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time, the “Merger Agreement”),
dated as of November 19, 2017, by and among Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (“Marvell”), Kauai Acquisition Corp. (“Merger
Sub”) and Cavium, the merger of Merger Sub with and into Cavium, with Cavium continuing as the surviving corporation in such
merger (the “Merger”), and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “Merger Proposal”);

 

 
2. To approve adjournments of the Cavium special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to permit further solicitation of proxies if

there are not sufficient votes at the Cavium special meeting to approve the Merger Proposal (the “Cavium Adjournment Proposal”);
and

 

 
3. To approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may be paid or become payable by Cavium to its named

executive officers in connection with the Merger (the “Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal”).

No other business will be conducted at the special meeting. This joint proxy statement/prospectus describes the proposals listed above in more detail.
Please give your careful attention to all of the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, including
the Merger Agreement and the other Annexes, for further information. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is also available on Cavium’s Internet site
at http://investor.caviumnetworks.com. This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains detailed information about the special meeting, Marvell, Cavium
and the Merger. You are encouraged to read the entire joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully before submitting your proxy. In particular, see the
section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 25. For specific instructions on how to submit your proxies, please refer to the section of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled “The Cavium Special Meeting” beginning on page 57.

After careful consideration, the Cavium board of directors has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Merger, and determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its shareholders and unanimously recommends
that you vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal; “FOR” the Cavium Adjournment Proposal; and “FOR” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation
Proposal.



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 9/263

Table of Contents

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT REGARDLESS OF THE NUMBER OF SHARES YOU OWN.

The Merger cannot be completed without the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of
Cavium common stock. Cavium shareholders as of February 2, 2018 may have their Cavium common stock voted by following the instructions
provided in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or on the enclosed proxy card or, if your shares are held in “street name,” by following the instructions
in the voting instruction form to be provided to you by your bank, broker or other nominee. Cavium strongly recommends that Cavium shareholders
entitled to vote submit a proxy even if they plan to attend the Cavium special meeting. Submitting a proxy now (including by telephone or over the
Internet) will not prevent you from being able to vote at the Cavium special meeting by attending in person and casting a vote. However, if you do not
return or submit your proxy (including by telephone or over the Internet) or vote in person at the Cavium special meeting, it will have the same
effect as a vote “AGAINST” the approval of the Merger Proposal. If you attend the Cavium special meeting in person or by proxy, and you
abstain from voting, that will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” approval of the Merger Proposal.

Cavium shareholders who hold their Cavium common stock beneficially in “street name” and wish to submit a proxy must provide instructions to the
broker, bank, trustee or other nominee that holds their Cavium common stock as to how to vote their Cavium common stock. A Cavium shareholder
who holds his or her Cavium common stock beneficially in “street name” and wishes to vote in person at the Cavium special meeting must obtain a
proxy issued in the holder’s own name (known as a “legal proxy”) from the holder’s broker, bank or trustee.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Syed B. Ali
Chairman of the Board of Directors

San Jose, California
February 5, 2018

Please submit your proxy promptly. You can find instructions for voting on the enclosed proxy card.

If you have any questions concerning the Merger Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, or this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies or need help voting your shares of Cavium common stock, please contact Cavium or Cavium’s
proxy solicitor:

Cavium, Inc.
2315 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95131
Attention: Investor Relations

(408) 943-7100
IR@Cavium.com

or

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
105 Madison Avenue

New York, New York 10016

Shareholders may call toll free: (800) 322-2885
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 929-5500

proxy@mackenziepartners.com

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT.



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 10/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
   Page 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS OF MARVELL AND CAVIUM    1 

SUMMARY    12 

RISK FACTORS    25 

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger    25 

Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following the Merger    30 

Risk Factors Relating to Marvell Common Shares    36 

Other Risks    36 

FINANCIAL SUMMARY    39 

Comparative Market Price Data for Marvell and Cavium    39 

Marvell Dividends    40 

Cavium Dividends    40 

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Marvell    40 

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Cavium    42 

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    44 

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA AND PER SHARE FINANCIAL INFORMATION    46 

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    48 

THE MARVELL GENERAL MEETING    50 

Overview    50 

Date, Time and Place of the Marvell General Meeting    50 

Purposes of the Marvell General Meeting    50 

Record Date; Issued Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote    50 

Quorum and Vote Required    50 

Share Ownership and Voting by Marvell’s Directors and Executive Officers    51 

How to Vote    51 

Shares Held in “Street Name”    52 

Revoking Your Proxy    53 

Tabulation of the Votes    53 

Other Voting Matters    53 

Proxy Solicitations    54 

Assistance    54 

PROPOSAL 1 THE MARVELL SHARE ISSUANCE    55 

PROPOSAL 2 THE MARVELL ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL    56 
 

i



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 11/263

Table of Contents

   Page  
THE CAVIUM SPECIAL MEETING    57 

Overview    57 
Date, Time and Place of the Cavium Special Meeting    57 
Purposes of the Cavium Special Meeting    57 
Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote    57 
Quorum and Vote Required    57 
Share Ownership and Voting by Cavium’s Directors and Executive Officers    58 
How to Vote    58 
Shares Held in “Street Name”    59 
Revoking Your Proxy    60 
Tabulation of the Votes    60 
Other Voting Matters    60 
Proxy Solicitations    61 
Assistance    61 

PROPOSAL 1 THE MERGER PROPOSAL    62 
PROPOSAL 2 THE CAVIUM ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL    63 
PROPOSAL 3 THE CAVIUM NON-BINDING COMPENSATION PROPOSAL    64 
THE MERGER    65 

Overview    65 
Background of the Merger    65 
Marvell’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors    78 
Cavium’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of Directors    83 
Opinion of Marvell’s Financial Advisor, Goldman Sachs    88 
Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan    100 
Unaudited Prospective Financial Information    115 
Share Ownership and Voting of Directors and Executive Officers of Marvell and Cavium    121 
Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    122 
Voting Agreements    129 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers    131 
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger    132 
Litigation Related to the Merger    133 
Dividend Policy Following the Merger    134 
No Financing Condition; Financing    134 
Listing of Marvell Common Shares and Delisting and Deregistration of Cavium Common Stock    135 
Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders    136 
No Rights of Appraisal for Marvell Shareholders    140 
Accounting Treatment    140 
Shareholder Rights Plan    140 
Anti-takeover Statute    140 

 
ii



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 12/263

Table of Contents

   Page  

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES    141 
Tax Consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders    142 
Tax Consequences of Holding Marvell Common Shares to U.S. Holders    142 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    146 
The Merger    146 
Effective Time and Completion of the Merger    147 
Merger Consideration    147 
Fractional Shares    148 
Exchange of Certificates    148 
Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards    149 
Representations and Warranties    150 
Interim Operations of Marvell and Cavium    153 
No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium    157 
No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell    159 
Shareholder Meetings; No Change in Board Recommendation    161 
Financing Matters    167 
Employee Matters    170 
Indemnification and Insurance    171 
Efforts to Complete the Merger    172 
Listing and Delisting    174 
Other Covenants    174 
Conditions to Completion of the Merger    174 
Termination of the Merger Agreement    177 
Effect of Termination    180 
Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees    180 
Enforcement; Remedies    182 
Amendment    182 
Waiver    182 
Third-Party Beneficiaries    183 
Governing Law    183 

INFORMATION ABOUT MARVELL    184 
INFORMATION ABOUT MERGER SUB    185 
INFORMATION ABOUT CAVIUM    186 
COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS    187 
POSSIBLE DOMESTICATION OR HOLDING COMPANY RESTRUCTURING OF MARVELL    207 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION    209 
LEGAL MATTERS    232 
EXPERTS    232 
SUBMISSION OF FUTURE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS    233 

Marvell    233 
Cavium    234 
Householding    234 

 
iii



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 13/263

Table of Contents

   Page  

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    236 
Information on Marvell Website    236 
Information on Cavium Website    236 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE    238 
Marvell SEC Filings    238 
Cavium SEC Filings    239 

ANNEX A – AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER    A-1 
ANNEX B – OPINION OF GOLDMAN SACHS & CO LLC    B-1 
ANNEX C – OPINION OF QATALYST PARTNERS LP    C-1 
ANNEX D – OPINION OF J.P. MORGAN SECURITIES LLC    D-1 
ANNEX E – DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATE LAW SECTION 262    E-1 
 

iv



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 14/263

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER
AND SHAREHOLDER MEETINGS OF MARVELL AND CAVIUM

The following questions and answers briefly address some questions that you may have about the shareholder meetings and the Merger. They may not
include all the information that is important to you. Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium urge you to read carefully this entire joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the Annexes and the other documents to which we have referred you. We have included cross-references in certain parts
of this section to direct you to a more detailed description of each topic presented elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What is this document?
 

A: This joint proxy statement/prospectus serves as the joint proxy statement through which Marvell and Cavium provide their respective shareholders
with important information regarding their respective shareholder meetings, the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, and solicit proxies to obtain approvals from their respective shareholders for the Merger Proposal (in the case of Cavium) and the
Marvell Share Issuance (in the case of Marvell). It also serves as the prospectus by which Marvell will offer and issue Marvell common shares in
connection with the Merger.

 
Q: Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus?
 

A: In order to complete the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, Cavium shareholders must approve the
Merger Proposal and Marvell shareholders must approve the Marvell Share Issuance, and all other conditions to the Merger set forth in the Merger
Agreement must be satisfied or waived. Marvell and Cavium will hold separate meetings of their respective shareholders to vote on these
proposals. This joint proxy statement/prospectus contains important information, which you should read carefully, about the Merger Agreement,
the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance, and the respective meetings of the
shareholders of Marvell and Cavium.

The enclosed proxy materials allow you to grant a proxy to vote your shares by completing the enclosed proxy card or by submitting your proxy
by telephone or over the Internet without attending your company’s shareholder meeting in person.

Your vote is important. We encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible.

 
Q: What is the proposed transaction for which I am being asked to vote?
 

A: Marvell shareholders are being asked to approve the Marvell Share Issuance and the Marvell Adjournment Proposal. Cavium shareholders are
being asked to approve the Merger Proposal, the Cavium Adjournment Proposal and the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal.

 
Q: What if Marvell shareholder approval of the Marvell Share Issuance is not obtained?
 

A: If the Marvell Share Issuance is not approved, then the Merger will not occur.

 
Q: What if Cavium shareholder approval of the Merger Proposal is not obtained?
 

A: If the Merger Proposal is not approved, then the Merger will not occur.

 
Q: Why are Marvell and Cavium proposing the Merger?
 

A: The respective boards of directors of Marvell and Cavium believe that the Merger will provide substantial strategic and financial benefits to the
shareholders of their respective companies. To review the reasons for

 
1



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 15/263

Table of Contents

 
the Merger, see “The Merger—Marvell’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors” and “The Merger—
Cavium’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of Directors” for more information.

 
Q: What are the positions of the Marvell board of directors and the Cavium board of directors regarding the Merger and the related proposals

that are being put to a vote of their respective shareholders?
 

A: Marvell. The Marvell board of directors has determined that the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance are fair to, and in the best interests of,
Marvell and its shareholders and has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance. The Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that the Marvell shareholders vote “FOR” the
approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and “FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal at the Marvell general meeting. See “The Merger—
Marvell’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors” for more information.

Cavium. The Cavium board of directors has determined that the Merger Agreement and the Merger are fair to, and in the best interests of, Cavium
and its shareholders and has unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger. The
Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that the Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Cavium
Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal at the Cavium special meeting. See “The Merger—Cavium’s
Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of Directors” for more information.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal on the agenda for the Marvell general meeting?
 

A: Approval of the Marvell Share Issuance requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the Marvell common shares represented in person or by
proxy at the Marvell general meeting at which a quorum is present, which, under legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be
applicable in Bermuda, excludes abstentions and broker non-votes, if any, which will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on this proposal.
An abstention occurs when a Marvell shareholder attends the Marvell general meeting in person, or is represented at the Marvell general meeting
by proxy, and abstains from voting. Shares not in attendance and not represented by proxy at the Marvell general meeting will have no effect on
the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance, provided that a quorum is present. See “Questions and Answers about the Shareholder
Meetings and the Merger—What if I don’t provide my bank, broker or other nominee with instructions on how to vote?” for an explanation of
broker non-votes.

Approval of the Marvell Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the Marvell common shares represented in person or
by proxy at the Marvell general meeting, regardless of whether a quorum is present. Under legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda
counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, if you are present in person or represented by proxy, attend the meeting in person or by proxy, and vote to
abstain, it will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Adjournment Proposal. Also under legal principles understood by
Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, broker non-votes, if any, and shares not in attendance and not represented by proxy at the
Marvell general meeting also will have no effect on the outcome of the Marvell Adjournment Proposal. See “The Marvell General Meeting—
Quorum and Vote Required” for more information.

 
Q: What vote is required to approve each proposal on the agenda for the Cavium special meeting?
 

A: The Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock entitled to vote at the Cavium
special meeting. Abstentions, broker-non votes and shares not represented at the Cavium special meeting will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Merger Proposal.

To approve the Cavium Adjournment Proposal, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Cavium common stock present in person or
represented by proxy at the Cavium special meeting and entitled to vote

 
2



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 16/263

Table of Contents

is required, regardless of whether a quorum is present. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Cavium Adjournment
Proposal, while broker non-votes and shares not represented at the Cavium special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the
Cavium Adjournment Proposal.

To approve the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Cavium common stock present in
person or represented by proxy at the Cavium special meeting and entitled to vote is required, assuming a quorum is present. Abstentions will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, while broker non-votes and shares not represented
at the Cavium special meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, provided that a quorum is
present. See “The Cavium Special Meeting—Quorum and Vote Required” for more information. The Cavium Non-Binding Compensation
Proposal is advisory, and therefore not binding on Cavium, Cavium’s compensation committee or the Cavium board of directors. Accordingly,
regardless of the outcome of the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, if the Merger is completed, Cavium’s named executive officers
may be or become entitled to receive the compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger in accordance with the terms and
conditions applicable to those payments. See “The Cavium Special Meeting—Quorum and Vote Required” for more information.

 
Q: How many votes do I have?
 

A: Marvell shareholders are entitled to one vote for each Marvell common share owned by such holders at the close of business on February 2, 2018
(the “Marvell record date”). See “The Marvell General Meeting—Record Date; Issued Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote” for more information.

Cavium shareholders are entitled to one vote for each share of Cavium common stock owned by such holders at the close of business on
February 2, 2018 (the “Cavium record date”). See “The Cavium Special Meeting—Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote” for
more information.

 
Q: What will happen in the Merger?
 

A: In the Merger, Merger Sub, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell, will merge with and
into Cavium, with Cavium continuing as the surviving corporation in the Merger and as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell. See “The
Merger Agreement—Effective Time and Completion of the Merger” for more information.

 
Q: Will the Merger affect the board of directors or officers of Marvell after the Merger?
 

A: Yes, the Merger will affect the board of directors of Marvell after the Merger. Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to take all
necessary corporate actions prior to the Effective Time (as defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Effective Time and Completion of the
Merger”) such that the Chairman of the board of directors of Cavium and two other members of the Cavium board of directors to be designated by
Marvell will become members of Marvell’s board of directors as of the Effective Time. Anil Jain, Corporate Vice President of Cavium, and M.
Raghib Hussain, Chief Operating Officer of Cavium, will each become officers of Marvell upon completion of the Merger. Marvell expects that all
directors and officers of Marvell will continue to serve as members of the board of directors and officers of Marvell, as applicable, after the
completion of the Merger.

 
Q: What will Cavium shareholders receive in the Merger?
 

A: Each Cavium shareholder will receive, in exchange for each share of Cavium common stock held by such holder, 2.1757 (the “Exchange Ratio”)
Marvell common shares and $40.00 in cash, without interest (the “Per Share Cash Amount”).

 
3



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 17/263

Table of Contents

Marvell will not issue fractional shares as a result of the Merger; each holder of Cavium common stock that would otherwise be entitled to a
fraction of a Marvell common share (after aggregating all fractions of a Marvell common share issuable to such shareholder) will, upon surrender
of such holder’s Cavium stock certificate(s) or the transfer of such holder’s non-certificated shares represented by book entry positions, be entitled
to receive an amount in cash (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, equal to the product obtained by multiplying such fraction
by the closing price of a Marvell common share on NASDAQ on the closing date of the Merger. The Marvell common shares (and cash in lieu of
any fraction of a Marvell common share) and the cash consideration that a Cavium shareholder is entitled to receive in exchange for the shares of
Cavium common stock held by such holder pursuant to the Merger Agreement is referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the
“Merger Consideration.”

 
Q: What will Marvell shareholders receive in the Merger?
 

A: Marvell shareholders will not receive any consideration in the Merger and will continue to hold the Marvell common shares they currently own.

 
Q: If I am a Cavium shareholder, how will I receive the Merger Consideration to which I will be entitled if the Merger is completed?
 

A: You will be paid the Merger Consideration as promptly as practicable after the closing of the Merger and after receipt by the Exchange Agent (as
defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Exchange of Certificates”) of your stock certificates (or evidence of the transfer of shares in book-
entry form), a duly executed letter of transmittal and any additional documents required by the procedures set forth in the letter of transmittal. See
“The Merger Agreement—Exchange of Certificates.”

 
Q: What happens if the market price of Marvell common shares or Cavium common stock changes before the completion of the Merger?
 

A: No change will be made to the Exchange Ratio based on fluctuations in the market price of either Marvell common shares or Cavium common
stock. As a result, the number of Marvell common shares that you receive as consideration in the Merger is fixed and will not change. However,
the value of the consideration to be received by Cavium shareholders in the Merger may increase or decrease depending on the market price of
Marvell common shares at the Effective Time.

On November 2, 2017, the last trading day prior to the first media report of a possible transaction between Marvell and Cavium, the closing price
of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $18.28. On January 22, 2018, the last practicable trading day prior to the filing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, the closing price of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $23.62 per share. We urge you to obtain current market
quotations before voting your shares.

 
Q: Will Marvell and Cavium continue to pay dividends or distributions prior to the completion of the Merger?
 

A: The Merger Agreement permits Marvell to continue to pay ordinary quarterly cash dividends on its common shares. Decisions regarding whether
or not to pay ordinary quarterly cash dividends and the amount of any such dividends will be based on the judgment of the Marvell board of
directors. While Marvell anticipates that it would continue to pay dividends, Marvell can make no assurances that this will be the case. Cavium
has never paid cash dividends on its common stock and is prohibited under the Merger Agreement from declaring or paying any dividend without
Marvell’s prior written consent.

 
4



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 18/263

Table of Contents

Q: As a Cavium shareholder, will I be able to trade the Marvell common shares that I receive in connection with the Merger?
 

A: Yes. The Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger will be listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “MRVL.” However,
certain persons who become affiliates of Marvell after the Merger will be required to comply with Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities Act
if they wish to sell or otherwise transfer any of the Marvell common shares received in connection with the Merger.

 
Q: What percentage of Marvell common shares will be owned by former Cavium shareholders following the Merger?
 

A: The additional Marvell common shares issued to shareholders of Cavium in connection with the Merger will comprise approximately 23.3% of
Marvell’s issued common shares immediately following the Effective Time, based on the number of issued Marvell common shares and the
number of outstanding shares of Cavium common stock on January 22, 2018, excluding the effect of outstanding options, restricted stock units or
other equity-based awards to purchase Marvell common shares or Cavium common stock.

 
Q: Do Cavium shareholders have appraisal rights?
 

A: Yes. Because Cavium is a Delaware corporation, under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware (the “DGCL”), holders of Cavium
common stock who do not vote for the adoption of the Merger Agreement have the right to seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares as
determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery if the Merger is completed, but only if they comply with all applicable requirements of Delaware
law, which are summarized in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and attached as Annex E. This appraisal amount could be more than, the same
as, or less than the amount a Cavium shareholder would be entitled to receive under the Merger Agreement. Any Cavium shareholder intending to
exercise appraisal rights, among other things, must submit a written demand for appraisal to Cavium prior to the vote on the adoption of the
Merger Agreement and must not vote or submit a proxy in favor of adoption of the Merger Agreement. Failure to follow exactly the procedures
specified under Delaware law will result in the loss of appraisal rights. These procedures are summarized in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
in the section entitled “The Merger—Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders.” Because of the complexity of Delaware law relating to
appraisal rights, if you are considering exercising your appraisal rights, Cavium encourages you to seek the advice of your own legal counsel.

 
Q: Do Marvell shareholders have appraisal rights?
 

A: No. Marvell shareholders do not have appraisal rights as a result of the Merger.

 
Q: When do you expect to complete the Merger?
 

A: Marvell and Cavium currently expect to complete the Merger in the middle of calendar year 2018, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions described in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger.”

 
Q: What is required to complete the Merger?
 

A: In addition to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by Marvell shareholders and the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Cavium
shareholders, completion of the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver of a number of other
conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals, the accuracy of Marvell’s and Cavium’s respective representations and
warranties under the Merger Agreement (subject to certain materiality exceptions) and Marvell’s and Cavium’s performance of their respective
obligations under the Merger Agreement in all material respects. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” for more
information regarding conditions to the completion of the Merger.

 
5



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 19/263

Table of Contents

Q: What are the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger to U.S. holders of Cavium common stock?
 

A: The exchange of Cavium common stock in connection with the Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.
Accordingly, a U.S. holder (as defined in “Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences”) of Cavium common stock who receives
Merger Consideration in exchange for such U.S. holder’s shares of Cavium common stock generally will recognize taxable gain or loss in an
amount equal to the difference, if any, between the fair market value of the Merger Consideration received and such U.S. holder’s adjusted tax
basis in the shares of Cavium common stock exchanged therefor. See “Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences” for more
information.

 
Q: Is the completion of the Merger subject to a financing condition?
 

A: No. The completion of the Merger is not subject to any financing condition.

 
Q: What is the amount of debt to be incurred by Marvell in connection with the Merger?
 

A: Marvell anticipates that it will need a total of approximately $3.4 billion in order to pay Cavium’s shareholders the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses. Marvell expects to obtain debt financing
totaling $1.75 billion. Marvell has entered into a debt commitment letter for a $900 million three-year term loan facility and an $850 million 364-
day bridge facility. In lieu of borrowing, in whole or in part, under the bridge facility, Marvell may incur permanent debt financing. There can be
no assurance that Marvell will be able to obtain any such permanent debt financing. The proceeds from the new debt facilities and any such
permanent debt financing are expected to be used to pay, together with Marvell’s and Cavium’s cash on hand, the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration, to refinance existing indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses.

 
Q: What risks should I consider in deciding whether to vote in favor of the issuance of Marvell common shares in connection with the Merger or

the adoption of the Merger Agreement?
 

A: You should carefully review the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 25, which presents
some of the risks and uncertainties relating to the Merger and the businesses of each of Marvell and Cavium.

 
Q: Does my vote matter?
 

A: Yes, your vote is very important. Marvell and Cavium cannot complete the Merger unless the Cavium shareholders approve the Merger Proposal
and the Marvell shareholders approve the Marvell Share Issuance. Whether or not you plan to attend the Marvell general meeting or the Cavium
special meeting, please vote as soon as possible by following the instructions in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
Q: Should Cavium shareholders send in stock certificates now?
 

A: NO, CAVIUM SHAREHOLDERS SHOULD NOT SEND STOCK CERTIFICATE(S) WITH THEIR PROXY CARDS. If the Merger is
completed, the Exchange Agent will send Cavium shareholders written instructions for sending in their stock certificates or, in the case of book-
entry shares, for surrendering their book-entry shares. See “The Cavium Special Meeting—Proxy Solicitations” and “The Merger Agreement—
Exchange of Certificates” for more information.

 
6



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 20/263

Table of Contents

Q: Who can answer my questions about the Merger?
 

A: If you have any questions about the Merger or your shareholder meeting, need assistance in voting your shares, or need additional copies of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus or the enclosed proxy card(s), you should contact:

If you are a Marvell shareholder:

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
New York, NY 10022

Shareholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833

If you are a Cavium shareholder:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016

Shareholders may call toll free: (800) 322-2885
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 929-5500
proxy@mackenziepartners.com

 
Q: When and where are the shareholder meetings?
 

A: The Marvell general meeting will be held at the offices of Marvell Semiconductor, Inc., located at 5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California
95054, at 1:00 p.m., local time on March 16, 2018.

The Cavium special meeting will be held at Cavium headquarters located at 2315 North First Street, San Jose, California 95131, at 10:00 a.m.,
local time on March 16, 2018.

 
Q: Who is eligible to vote at the Marvell general meeting and the Cavium special meeting?
 

A: Owners of Marvell common shares are eligible to vote at the Marvell general meeting if they are shareholders of record at the close of business on
the Marvell record date. See “The Marvell General Meeting—Record Date; Issued Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote” for more information.

Owners of Cavium common stock are eligible to vote at the Cavium special meeting if they are shareholders of record at the close of business on
the Cavium record date. See “The Cavium Special Meeting—Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote” for more information.

 
Q: Can I attend the shareholder meetings in person?
 

A: If you were a Marvell shareholder as of the close of business on the Marvell record date or you hold a valid legal proxy for the Marvell general
meeting, you may attend the Marvell general meeting. Similarly, if you were a Cavium shareholder as of the close of business on the Cavium
record date or you hold a valid legal proxy for the Cavium special meeting, you may attend the Cavium special meeting.

You should be prepared to present a form of personal identification for admittance. In addition, if you are a record holder, your name will be
verified against the list of record holders on the record date prior to being admitted to the meeting. If you are not a record holder but hold shares
through a broker, bank or other nominee (i.e., in “street name”), you will need to provide proof of beneficial ownership on the record date, such as
your most recent account statement prior to the record date, or other similar evidence of ownership. If you do not provide a form of personal
identification or comply with the other procedures outlined above upon request, you may not be admitted to the meeting.

 
7



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 21/263

Table of Contents

Q: What constitutes a quorum?
 

A: A quorum for the Marvell general meeting is the presence at the meeting, either in person or by proxy, of holders representing in excess of 50% of
the total issued voting shares of Marvell throughout the Marvell general meeting. Abstentions (i.e., Marvell common shares that are represented in
person at the Marvell general meeting or for which proxies have been received, but for which the holders have abstained from voting), if any, and
broker non-votes, if any, will be included in the calculation of the number of Marvell common shares represented at the Marvell general meeting
for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present.

 

  A quorum for the Cavium special meeting is the presence at the meeting, either in person or by proxy, of holders of outstanding Cavium common
stock entitled to vote and representing at least a majority of the outstanding voting power of Cavium common stock. Abstentions (i.e., shares of
Cavium common stock that are represented in person at the special meeting or for which proxies have been received but for which the holders
have abstained from voting), if any, will be included in the calculation of the number of shares of Cavium common stock represented at the special
meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present. Broker non-votes, if any, will not be included in the calculation of the number
of shares of Cavium common stock represented at the special meeting for purposes of determining whether a quorum is present.

 
Q: What should I do now?
 

A: You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully, including the Annexes, and return your completed, signed and dated proxy card(s)
by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or submit your voting instructions by telephone or over the Internet as soon as possible so that your
shares will be represented and voted at the Marvell general meeting or the Cavium special meeting, as applicable. A number of banks and
brokerage firms participate in a program that also permits shareholders whose shares are held in “street name” to direct their vote by telephone or
over the Internet. This option, if available, will be reflected in the voting instructions from the bank or brokerage firm that accompany this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. If your shares are held in an account at a bank or brokerage firm that participates in such a program, you may direct
the vote of these shares by telephone or over the Internet by following the voting instructions enclosed with the proxy form from the bank or
brokerage firm. See “The Marvell General Meeting—How to Vote” and “The Cavium Special Meeting—How to Vote” for more information.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my shares before the Marvell or Cavium shareholder meeting?
 

A: If a Cavium shareholder transfers its shares of Cavium common stock after the Cavium record date or a Marvell shareholder transfers its Marvell
common shares after the Marvell record date, as applicable, but before the Cavium special meeting or the Marvell general meeting, as applicable,
the shareholder will retain (subject to any arrangements made with the purchaser of such shareholder’s shares) such shareholder’s right to vote at
the Cavium special meeting or the Marvell general meeting, as applicable. However, in order for Cavium shareholders to receive the Merger
Consideration, they must hold their shares through the Effective Time.

 
Q: How do I vote my Marvell common shares?
 

A: You may vote your Marvell common shares in person at the Marvell general meeting or by submitting a proxy (including proxies received by
telephone or over the Internet). Marvell recommends that you submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Marvell general meeting. If you
submit your proxy, you may change your vote if you attend and vote at the Marvell general meeting; however, mere attendance at the Marvell
general meeting will not revoke your previously issued proxy.

Owners of record (that is, shareholders who hold Marvell common shares in their own name and not through a bank, broker or other nominee) as
of the close of business on February 2, 2018, the record date for the Marvell general meeting, may vote in person at the Marvell general meeting
or by proxy. This means

 
8



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 22/263

Table of Contents

that you may use the enclosed proxy card(s) (or submit your proxy by telephone or over the Internet) to instruct the persons named as proxies how
to vote your Marvell common shares. If you properly complete, sign and date your proxy card(s) or submit your voting instructions by telephone
or over the Internet, your Marvell common shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. The named proxies will vote all Marvell
common shares at the Marvell general meeting for which proxies have been properly submitted (whether by mail, telephone or over the Internet)
and not revoked. Owners of record have three ways to vote by proxy:

 

 
•  Internet: You can submit your proxy over the Internet at the web address shown on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter your

Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that will be
given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy over the Internet, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Telephone: You can submit your proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free number on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter

your Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that
will be given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy by telephone, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Mail: You can submit your proxy by mail by simply signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included

with this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

If you sign and return your proxy card(s) but do not mark your card(s) to instruct the proxies how to vote your Marvell common shares on each
proposal, your Marvell common shares will be voted as recommended by the Marvell board of directors (i.e., “FOR” each proposal presented to
the shareholders).

 
Q: How do I vote my Cavium common stock?
 

A: You may vote your shares of Cavium common stock in person at the Cavium special meeting or by submitting a proxy (including proxies received
by telephone or over the Internet). Cavium recommends that you submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Cavium special meeting. If you
submit your proxy, you may change your vote if you attend and vote at the Cavium special meeting; however, mere attendance at the Cavium
special meeting will not revoke your previously issued proxy.

Owners of record (that is, shareholders who hold shares of Cavium common stock in their own name and not through a bank, broker or other
nominee), as of the close of business on February 2, 2018, the record date for the Cavium special meeting, may vote in person at the Cavium
special meeting or by proxy. This means that you may use the enclosed proxy card(s) (or submit your proxy by telephone or the Internet) to
instruct the persons named as proxies how to vote your shares of Cavium common stock. If you properly complete, sign and date your proxy
card(s) or submit your voting instructions by telephone or over the Internet, your shares of Cavium common stock will be voted in accordance
with your instructions. The named proxies will vote all shares of Cavium common stock at the Cavium special meeting for which proxies have
been properly submitted (whether by mail, telephone or over the Internet) and not revoked. Owners of record have three ways to vote by proxy:

 

 
•  Internet: You can submit your proxy over the Internet at the web address shown on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter your

Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that will be
given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy over the Internet, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Telephone: You can submit your proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free number on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter

your Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that
will be given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy by telephone, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Mail: You can submit your proxy by mail by simply signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included

with this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

9



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 23/263

Table of Contents

If you sign and return your proxy card(s) but do not mark your card(s) to instruct the proxies how to vote your shares of Cavium common stock on
each proposal, your shares of Cavium common stock will be voted as recommended by the Cavium board of directors (i.e., “FOR” each proposal
presented to the shareholders).

 
Q: If I am going to attend my shareholder meeting, should I return my proxy card(s)?
 

A: Yes. Returning your completed, signed and dated proxy card(s) or submitting your proxy by telephone or over the Internet ensures that your shares
will be represented and voted at your shareholder meeting. See “The Marvell General Meeting—How to Vote” and “The Cavium Special Meeting
—How to Vote” for more information.

 
Q. Can I change my vote after I mail my proxy card(s) or vote by telephone or over the Internet?
 

A: Yes. If you are a shareholder of record of Marvell common shares or of Cavium common stock (that is, you hold your shares in your own name
and not through a bank, broker or other nominee) as of the close of business on the applicable record date for your shareholder meeting, you can
change your vote by:

 

 
•  sending a written notice to the corporate secretary of the company in which you hold shares, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy,

that is received prior to your shareholder meeting and stating that your proxy is revoked;
 

 •  signing, dating and delivering a new valid proxy card(s) bearing a later date that is received prior to your shareholder meeting;
 

 •  submitting your voting instructions again by telephone or over the Internet by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on March 15, 2018; or
 

 
•  attending your shareholder meeting and voting in person, although your attendance at the shareholder meeting will not, by itself, revoke

your proxy.

If you are a “street name” shareholder and submitted voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, please refer to the instructions
provided by your broker, bank or other nominee on how to change your vote.

 
Q: What if my bank, broker or other nominee holds my shares in “street name”?
 

A: If a bank, broker or other nominee holds your shares, your shares are held in “street name.” In that case, your bank, broker or other nominee will
send you a voting instruction form to use in voting your shares. The availability of telephone and Internet voting depends on the voting procedures
of your bank, broker or other nominee. Please follow the instructions on the voting instruction form they send you. If your shares are held in the
name of your bank, broker or other nominee and you wish to vote in person at your shareholder meeting, you must contact your bank, broker or
other nominee and request a document called a “legal proxy.” You must bring this legal proxy to your shareholder meeting in order to vote in
person.

 
Q: What if I don’t provide my bank, broker or other nominee with instructions on how to vote?
 

A: Generally, a bank, broker or other nominee may vote the shares that it holds for you only in accordance with your instructions. However, if your
bank, broker or other nominee has not received your instructions, your bank, broker or other nominee has the discretion to vote on certain matters
that are considered routine. A “broker non-vote” occurs if your bank, broker or other nominee cannot vote on a particular matter because your
bank, broker or other nominee has not received instructions from you and because the proposal is not routine. Each of the matters being presented
to shareholders for a vote at the shareholder meetings of Marvell and Cavium is not considered a routine matter. Therefore, your bank, broker or
other nominee will not be permitted to vote at the shareholder meeting without instruction from you as the beneficial owner of Marvell common
shares or Cavium common stock.

 
10



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 24/263

Table of Contents

Q: What if I abstain from voting?
 

A: Your abstention from voting will have the following effect:

If you are a Marvell shareholder:

For all proposals, a properly executed proxy marked “abstain” will be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at the Marvell general
meeting, but, under legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, will be excluded from, and will have
no effect on the outcome of, the vote on the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

If you are a Cavium shareholder:

For all proposals, a properly executed proxy marked “abstain” will be counted in determining whether a quorum is present at the Cavium special
meeting. With respect to the Merger Proposal, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal. With respect to
the Cavium Adjournment Proposal and the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, abstentions will have the same effect as votes
“AGAINST” such proposals.

 
Q: What does it mean if I receive multiple proxy cards or voting instruction forms?
 

A: Your shares may be registered in more than one account, such as brokerage accounts and 401(k) accounts. It is important that you complete, sign,
date and return each proxy card or voting instruction form you receive or submit your proxy using the telephone or the Internet as described in the
instructions included with your proxy card(s) or voting instruction form(s).

 
Q: What happens if I am a shareholder of both Marvell and Cavium?
 

A: You will receive separate proxy cards from each company and must complete, sign and date each proxy card and return each proxy card in the
appropriate preaddressed postage-paid envelope or by submitting a proxy by one of the other methods specified in your proxy card or voting
instruction form for each company.

 
Q: Where can I find more information about Marvell and Cavium?
 

A: You can find more information about Marvell and Cavium from various sources described under “Where You Can Find More Information.”
 

11



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 25/263

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this joint proxy statement/prospectus and might not contain all of the information that is
important to you. You should read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the Annexes, to fully understand the Merger and
the related transactions. In addition, Marvell and Cavium incorporate by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus important business and
financial information about Marvell and Cavium. See “Where You Can Find More Information” for more information.

Information About Marvell (beginning on page 184)

Marvell is a fabless semiconductor provider of application-specific semiconductor products. As a fabless semiconductor company, Marvell focuses
on the design, development and marketing of semiconductor products and forms relationships with foundries, assembly and test facilities for the
manufacture of these products. Marvell’s semiconductors perform analog, mixed-signal and digital signal processing, and Marvell designs both
stand-alone and embedded semiconductors. Marvell’s core strength lies in the development of complex integrated circuits that incorporate all
components of an electronic system in one chip—so-called SoC devices. Marvell’s broad product portfolio includes devices for storage,
networking and connectivity, and Marvell’s market segments include the enterprise, cloud, automotive, industrial and consumer markets.

Marvell was incorporated in Bermuda in January 1995. Marvell’s registered and mailing address is Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton
HM 12, Bermuda, and its telephone number there is (441) 296-6395. The address of Marvell’s U.S. operating subsidiary is Marvell
Semiconductor, Inc., 5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, and its telephone number there is (408) 222-2500. Marvell also has
subsidiaries and operations in many countries, including China, India, Israel, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. Marvell’s fiscal
year ends on the Saturday nearest January 31. As of January 22, 2018, Marvell had a total of approximately 3,770 employees, and held
approximately 9,500 U.S. and foreign patents issued and approximately 2,300 U.S. and foreign patent applications pending on various aspects of
Marvell technology.

Marvell common shares are listed on NASDAQ under the symbol “MRVL.”

Additional information about Marvell and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.

Information About Merger Sub (beginning on page 185)

Merger Sub, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell, is a Delaware corporation that was
formed on November 17, 2017, for the purpose of effecting the Merger. In the Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Cavium, with
Cavium surviving as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell.

Information About Cavium (beginning on page 186)

Cavium is a provider of highly integrated semiconductor processors that enable intelligent processing for wired and wireless infrastructure and
cloud for networking, communications, storage and security applications. Cavium’s products consist of multi-core processors for embedded and
data center applications, network connectivity for server and switches, storage connectivity and security processors for offload and appliance. A
range of Cavium’s products also include a rich suite of embedded security protocols that enable unified threat management, or UTM, secure
connectivity, network perimeter protection and deep packet inspection, or DPI. Cavium sells its products to networking original equipment
manufacturers, or OEM, that sell into the enterprise, datacenter, service provider, and broadband and consumer markets. Cavium also sells its
products through channels, original design manufacturers, or ODM, as well as direct sales to mega data centers.

 
12



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 26/263

Table of Contents

In the enterprise market, Cavium’s products are used in routers, switches, storage appliances, server connectivity for networking and storage,
wireless local area networks, or WLAN, and UTM. In the datacenter market, Cavium’s products are used in servers for data and storage
connectivity as well as security offload and server load balancers. In the service provider market in wired infrastructure Cavium’s products are used
in edge routers, cable modem termination system head-ends, and media gateways, and in wireless infrastructure in 3G/4G/5G base stations, radio
network controllers, micro/macro cell, evolved packet core nodes, and CloudRAN. In the broadband and consumer market Cavium’s products are
used in home gateways, wireless high-definition multimedia interface, or HDMI, WLAN, small office/home office, and UTM. Several of Cavium’s
products are systems on a chip, or SoCs, which incorporate single or multiple processor cores, a highly integrated architecture and customizable
software that is based on a broad range of standard operating systems.

Cavium focuses its resources on the design, sales and marketing of its products, and outsources the manufacturing of its products. Cavium
expanded its server data and storage connectivity product portfolio in August 2016 with its acquisition of QLogic Corporation (“QLogic”). Cavium
has a broad portfolio of multi-core processors to deliver integrated and optimized hardware and software embedded solutions to the market.
Cavium’s software and service revenue is primarily from the sale of software subscriptions of embedded Linux operating system, related
development tools, application software stacks, support, and professional services.

Cavium common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “CAVM.” Following the Merger, Cavium common stock will be delisted from
NASDAQ.

Cavium was incorporated under the laws of the state of California in November 2000 and reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in
February 2007. The address of Cavium’s principal executive office is 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, and its telephone number is
(408) 943-7100. Additional information about Cavium and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.

The Merger (beginning on page 146)

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the Merger Agreement, and in accordance with Delaware law, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub
will merge with and into Cavium. The separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease, and Cavium will continue as the surviving
corporation in the Merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell.

We encourage you to read in its entirety the Merger Agreement, which governs the Merger and is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, as it sets forth the terms of the Merger.

Merger Consideration (beginning on page 147)

At the Effective Time, each share of Cavium common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by
Marvell, Cavium or any of their respective subsidiaries and shares as to which appraisal rights have been properly exercised pursuant to Delaware
law, as described in “The Merger—Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders”) will be converted into the right to receive (a) 2.1757 Marvell
common shares and (b) $40.00 in cash, without interest.

On November 2, 2017, the last trading day prior to the first media report stating that Marvell and Cavium were in advanced discussions regarding a
potential transaction, the closing price of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $18.28. On January 22, 2018, the last practicable trading day
prior to the filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $23.62 per share.

 
13



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 27/263

Table of Contents

No Financing Condition; Financing (beginning on page 134)

Marvell’s obligation to complete the Merger is not subject to a financing condition. Marvell anticipates that it will need approximately $3.4 billion
in order to pay Cavium’s shareholders the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Cavium and to
pay related fees and expenses. Marvell expects to enter into new debt facilities totaling $1.75 billion. Marvell has received commitments for a $900
million three-year term loan facility and an $850 million, 364-day bridge facility. In lieu of borrowing, in whole or in part, under the bridge facility,
Marvell may incur permanent debt financing. There can be no assurance that Marvell will be able to obtain any such permanent debt financing. The
proceeds from the new debt facilities and any such permanent debt financing are expected to be used to pay, together with Marvell’s and Cavium’s
cash on hand, the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, to refinance existing indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses.

Recommendation of the Marvell Board of Directors to Marvell’s Shareholders (beginning on page 78)

After careful consideration, the Marvell board of directors, on November 18, 2017, unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance, and determined that the Merger and the Marvell Share
Issuance are fair to, and in the best interests of, Marvell and its shareholders. The Marvell board of directors consulted with members of Marvell’s
management and Marvell’s legal and financial advisors and considered a number of factors, including those listed in “The Merger—Marvell’s
Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors.”

The Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that Marvell shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and
“FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

Recommendation of the Cavium Board of Directors to Cavium’s Shareholders (beginning on page 83)

After careful consideration, the Cavium board of directors, on November 19, 2017, unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the Merger, and determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the Merger, are advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of, Cavium and its shareholders. The Cavium board of directors consulted with
members of Cavium’s management and Cavium’s legal and financial advisors and considered a number of factors, including those listed in “The
Merger—Cavium’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of Directors.”

The Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Cavium
Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal.

Opinions of Financial Advisors (beginning on page 88 for Marvell’s financial advisor and on page 100 for Cavium’s financial advisors)

Opinion of Marvell’s Financial Advisor, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (beginning on page 88)

Marvell retained Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (“Goldman Sachs”) as its financial advisor in connection with the Merger. Goldman Sachs rendered
its oral opinion to the Marvell board of directors on November 18, 2017, subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of a written opinion dated
November 19, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to
be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, was fair to Marvell from a financial
point of view.

 
14



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 28/263

Table of Contents

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated November 19, 2017, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed,
matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. You should read the opinion carefully in
its entirety.

The Goldman Sachs opinion was provided to the Marvell board of directors and addresses only, as of the date of the opinion, the fairness,
from a financial point of view to Marvell, of the Merger Consideration to be paid pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the
Merger Agreement by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, and does not address any other aspect of the Merger.
The Goldman Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any Marvell shareholder should vote with respect to the Marvell Share
Issuance or act on any other matter and it does not in any manner address the price at which shares of Cavium common stock or Marvell
common shares will trade at any time.

Goldman Sachs provided advisory services and its opinion for the information and assistance of Marvell’s board of directors in connection with its
consideration of the Merger. Pursuant to an engagement letter between Marvell and Goldman Sachs, Marvell has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a
transaction fee of $22,000,000, of which $5,000,000 became payable upon execution of the Merger Agreement, and the remainder of which is
contingent upon completion of the Merger.

Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners LP and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (beginning on page 100)

Cavium retained Qatalyst Partners LP (“Qatalyst Partners”) and J.P. Morgan Securities LLC (“J.P. Morgan”) as its financial advisors in connection
with the Merger. Each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan rendered to the Cavium board of directors its respective oral opinion on November 19,
2017, subsequently confirmed in writing, that as of such date, and based upon and subject to the considerations, limitations, factors, assumptions
and other matters set forth in their respective written opinions, the Merger Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the
terms of the Merger Agreement by the holders of shares of Cavium common stock, other than Marvell or any of its affiliates, was fair, from a
financial point of view, to such shareholders.

The full text of each of Qatalyst Partners’ and J.P. Morgan’s written opinions, each dated as of November 19, 2017, is attached as Annex C
and Annex D, respectively, to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and each is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by
reference. The written opinions set forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
limitations and qualifications of the reviews undertaken by each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan in rendering each of their respective
opinions. You should read each opinion carefully in its entirety.

Each of Qatalyst Partners’ and J.P. Morgan’s opinions was provided to the Cavium board of directors and each addresses only, as of the
date of the opinion, the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance
with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by the holders of shares of Cavium common stock, other than Marvell or any of its affiliates, and
neither opinion addresses any other aspect of the Merger. The opinions do not constitute recommendations as to how any Cavium
shareholder should vote with respect to the Merger Proposal or act on any other matter and they do not in any manner address the price
at which the shares of Cavium common stock or Marvell common shares will trade at any time.

Each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan provided Cavium with financial advisory services in connection with the Merger. Pursuant to an
engagement letter between Cavium and Qatalyst Partners and in respect of such

 
15



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 29/263

Table of Contents

services, Cavium has agreed to pay Qatalyst Partners approximately $38 million (provided that the final actual fee will be, in part, based on an
average of Marvell’s closing share price over ten consecutive trading days up to and including the second trading day immediately preceding the
Closing Date, and, accordingly, the final fee may vary significantly from this estimate), of which $150,000 became payable upon execution of the
engagement letter, $3.5 million of which became payable upon delivery of its opinion and the remainder of which is contingent upon completion of
the Merger. Pursuant to an engagement letter between Cavium and J.P. Morgan, Cavium has agreed to pay J.P. Morgan a transaction fee of
approximately $25 million, of which $3.5 million became payable upon delivery of its opinion, and the remainder of which is contingent upon
completion of the Merger.

Effect of the Merger on Cavium’s Equity Incentive Compensation Awards (beginning on page 149)

Stock Options

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each outstanding stock option, whether vested or unvested (other than stock options
held by non-employee members of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time),
will be assumed by Marvell and converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock option,
that number of Marvell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Cavium
common stock subject to such stock option multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium
Equity Awards”), at an exercise price per Marvell common share (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing
(i) the per share exercise price for the Cavium common stock subject to such stock option, by (ii) the Conversion Ratio.

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each stock option that is outstanding and vested immediately prior to the Effective
Time, (including any such stock options that become vested by their terms immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time) held by non-employee
members of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time will be canceled, and the
holder of such stock option will be entitled to receive (subject to applicable withholding or other taxes) an amount in cash equal to the product of
(a) the amount (if positive) equal to (i) the Equity Award Cash Consideration (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity
Awards”) minus (b) the exercise price applicable to such stock option, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to
such stock option. The unvested stock options held by non-employee members of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s
board of directors will by their terms become vested immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time.

Restricted Stock Units

At the Effective Time, each Cavium restricted stock unit (“Cavium RSU”) that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the Effective
Time, other than any Cavium RSU held by a non-employee member of the Cavium board of directors, will be converted into the number of Marvell
restricted stock units (“Converted RSU”) (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Cavium
common stock subject to such Cavium restricted stock unit, multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio.

At the Effective Time, each Cavium RSU (a) that is outstanding and vested (and with respect to which shares of Cavium common stock have not
yet been issued) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any Cavium RSU that becomes vested by its terms immediately prior to or as
of the Effective Time) or (b) that is outstanding and held by a non-employee member of the Cavium board of directors immediately prior to the
Effective Time, whether vested or unvested (which awards will vest in full as of immediately prior to the Effective Time), in the case of each of
clauses “(a)” or “(b),” will be canceled and extinguished, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive (subject to applicable withholding or
other taxes, which withholding will first be applied against the cash portion of the consideration paid in respect of such restricted stock units): (i) an
amount in cash equal to the

 
16



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 30/263

Table of Contents

product of (A) the Per Share Cash Amount, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium RSU;
and (ii) a number of Marvell common shares equal to the product of (A) the Exchange Ratio, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of
Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium RSU.

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units

At the Effective Time, each Cavium performance-based restricted stock unit (“Cavium PRSU”) that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior
to the Effective Time will be assumed and converted into that number of Marvell restricted stock units (each a “Converted PRSU”), rounded down
to the nearest whole share, equal to the product of (a) the target number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium PRSU,
multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio. Such Converted PRSUs: (i) will vest based on the vesting date set forth in the award agreement applicable
to such Cavium PRSU prior to the Effective Time, subject only to the continued service of the grantee with the surviving corporation in the Merger,
Marvell or any of their affiliates through the applicable vesting date; (ii) will not be subject to any performance-based vesting terms following the
Effective Time; and (iii) will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Cavium PRSUs prior to the
Effective Time.

For a full description of the treatment of Cavium’s equity awards, see “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards.”

Voting Agreements (beginning on page 129)

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Syed B. Ali, Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the
board of directors of Cavium, entered into a voting agreement with Marvell pursuant to which Mr. Ali agreed, among other things and subject to
certain exceptions and limitations, to vote his shares of Cavium common stock, which represented approximately 2.62% of Cavium’s outstanding
common stock as of November 19, 2017, the date of the voting agreement, in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement.

Separately, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Starboard Value LP and certain of its affiliates, including Peter
Feld, a member of Marvell’s board of directors (collectively, the “Starboard Shareholders”), entered into a voting agreement with Cavium pursuant
to which the Starboard Shareholders agreed to, among other things and subject to certain exceptions and limitations, vote their Marvell common
shares, which represented approximately 6.9% of Marvell’s issued common shares as of November 19, 2017, in favor of the approval of the
Marvell Share Issuance.

See “The Merger—Voting Agreements” beginning on page 129 for more information.

Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote; Vote Required (page 50 for Marvell and page 57 for Cavium)

Marvell Shareholders

The record date for the general meeting of Marvell shareholders is February 2, 2018. This means that you must be a shareholder of record of
Marvell common shares at the close of business on February 2, 2018, in order to vote at the Marvell general meeting. You are entitled to one vote
for each Marvell common share you own. At the close of business on February 2, 2018, there were 495,909,755 Marvell common shares issued and
entitled to vote at the Marvell general meeting.

Approval of the Marvell Share Issuance requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the Marvell common shares represented in person or by proxy
at the Marvell general meeting at which a quorum is present, which under

 
17



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 31/263

Table of Contents

legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, excludes abstentions and broker non-votes, which will
have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance. Approval of the Marvell Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative
vote of a majority of the Marvell common shares represented in person or by proxy at the Marvell general meeting, regardless of whether a quorum
is present. Under legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, abstentions and broker non-votes will
have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

Cavium Shareholders

The record date for the Cavium special meeting is February 2, 2018. This means that you must be a shareholder of record of Cavium common stock
at the close of business on February 2, 2018, in order to vote at the Cavium special meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each share of Cavium
common stock you own. At the close of business on February 2, 2018, there were 69,731,912 shares of Cavium common stock outstanding and
entitled to vote at the Cavium special meeting and no shares of treasury stock.

The adoption of the Merger Agreement requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock entitled to
vote at the Cavium special meeting. To approve the Cavium Adjournment Proposal, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Cavium
common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Cavium special meeting is required, regardless of whether a
quorum is present. To approve the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Cavium
common stock present in person or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Cavium special meeting is required, assuming a quorum is
present.

Share Ownership and Voting by Marvell’s and Cavium’s Directors and Executive Officers (page 51 for Marvell and page 58 for Cavium)

Marvell. At the close of business on the record date for the Marvell general meeting, Marvell’s directors and executive officers had the right to vote
approximately 34,168,030 Marvell common shares at the Marvell general meeting, collectively representing approximately 6.9% of Marvell
common shares issued and entitled to vote at the Marvell general meeting.

Cavium. At the close of business on the record date for the Cavium special meeting, Cavium’s directors and executive officers had the right to vote
approximately 2,303,909 shares of Cavium common stock at the Cavium special meeting, collectively representing approximately 3.3% of Cavium
common stock outstanding.

Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (beginning on page 122)

Cavium’s executive officers and members of its board of directors, in their capacities as such, have financial interests in the Merger that may be
different from, or in addition to, their interests as shareholders and the interests of shareholders of Cavium generally. The members of Cavium’s
board of directors were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the Merger Agreement and the
Merger, and in recommending to the Cavium shareholders that the Merger Agreement be adopted. These interests are discussed in more detail in
the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger.” In addition, the Merger Agreement
provides that Marvell will cause the Chairman of the board of directors of Cavium and two other members of the Cavium board of directors to be
designated by Marvell to become members of the Marvell board of directors as of the Effective Time. Anil Jain, Corporate Vice President of
Cavium, and M. Raghib Hussain, Chief Operating Officer of Cavium, will each become officers of Marvell upon completion of the Merger.
Marvell expects that all of the directors of Marvell will continue to serve as members of the board of directors of Marvell after the Effective Time.

 
18



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 32/263

Table of Contents

Listing of Marvell Common Shares and Delisting and Deregistration of Cavium Common Stock (beginning on page 135)

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell and Cavium have agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take all actions required to be
taken under applicable securities laws in connection with the issuance, exchange, and listing of Marvell common shares to be issued to Cavium
shareholders in connection with the Merger. The authorization and approval for listing of such shares on NASDAQ, subject to official notice of
issuance, is a condition to the obligation of each of Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium to complete the Merger. The Marvell common shares to be
issued in connection with the Merger will trade under the symbol “MRVL” and will be fully fungible with the Marvell common shares currently
trading under that symbol.

Shares of Cavium common stock are currently traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “CAVM.” Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed
to, prior to the Effective Time, cooperate with Marvell and use its reasonable best efforts to take all actions reasonably necessary, proper or
advisable to enable the Cavium common stock to be delisted from NASDAQ and deregistered under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable
after the Merger is completed. After such time, Cavium will no longer be a public company and will no longer file periodic and other reports with
the SEC.

Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders (beginning on page 135)

Under Section 262 of the DGCL, holders of Cavium common stock may have the right to obtain an appraisal of the value of their shares of Cavium
common stock in connection with the Merger. Shares of Cavium common stock held by shareholders of Cavium who have properly exercised
appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL (and have not withdrawn such exercise or lost such rights) will not be converted into the right to
receive the Merger Consideration, but will instead be converted into the right to receive payment in cash for the fair value of their shares of Cavium
common stock as determined in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL. The fair value of shares of common stock of Cavium as determined in
accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL may be more or less than (or the same as) the Merger Consideration. Shareholders who wish to exercise
appraisal rights must comply fully with all applicable requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL, which is summarized in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and attached as Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Failure to follow exactly the procedures specified under
Section 262 of the DGCL may result in the loss of appraisal rights. Because of the complexity of Section 262 of the DGCL relating to appraisal
rights, if you are considering exercising your appraisal rights, Marvell and Cavium encourage you to seek the advice of your own legal counsel. A
summary of the requirements under Delaware law to exercise appraisal rights is included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in “The Merger—
Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders” and the text of Section 262 of the DGCL as in effect with respect to this transaction is included as
Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

No Rights of Appraisal for Marvell Shareholders (beginning on page 139)

Holders of Marvell common shares will not have any rights of appraisal as a result of the Merger.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger (beginning on page 174)

The obligations of Marvell and Merger Sub to complete the Merger will be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Marvell, on behalf of itself and
Merger Sub), at or prior to the completion of the Merger, of each of the following conditions:
 

 •  the Cavium shareholders have adopted the Merger Agreement and the Marvell shareholders have approved the Marvell Share Issuance;

 
19



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 33/263

Table of Contents

 
•  subject to certain materiality qualifiers, the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Cavium in the Merger Agreement

and the receipt of a certificate executed on behalf of Cavium by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer confirming, to
the knowledge of such officer, such accuracy;

 

 

•  the obligations in the Merger Agreement that Cavium is required to comply with or to perform at or prior to the completion of the
Merger have been complied with and performed in all material respects, and the receipt of a certificate executed on behalf of Cavium
by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer confirming, to the knowledge of such officer, such compliance and
performance;

 

 
•  the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part has become effective in accordance with the

provisions of the Securities Act;
 

 
•  since the date of the Merger Agreement, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect (as defined below in “The Merger

Agreement—Representations and Warranties”) on Cavium and its subsidiaries that is continuing;
 

 

•  the waiting period applicable to the completion of the Merger under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended (the “HSR Act”), has expired or been terminated without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition (as defined below in
“The Merger Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger”) and any similar waiting period under any applicable antitrust or
competition-related law or regulation or other legal requirement in Poland has expired or been terminated without the imposition of a
Burdensome Condition;

 

 •  CFIUS Approval (as defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger”) has been obtained;
 

 
•  approval of the Ministry of Commerce of the People’s Republic of China (“MOFCOM”) has been obtained without the imposition of a

Burdensome Condition;
 

 
•  any other governmental authorization or other consent required under any applicable foreign antitrust or competition-related law or

regulation or other legal requirement in the United States, the People’s Republic of China or Poland has been obtained without the
imposition of a Burdensome Condition;

 

 
•  the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger are authorized and approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance) on

NASDAQ;
 

 

•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other binding order preventing the completion of the Merger has
been issued by any Specified Governmental Body (as defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the
Merger”) and is still in effect, and there is no legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger by any Specified
Governmental Body that makes completion of the Merger illegal and is still in effect; and

 

 

•  there is no pending or overtly threatened legal proceeding brought by a governmental body: (a) challenging or seeking to restrain or
prohibit the completion of the Merger or any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (b) seeking to prohibit or limit
in any material respect Marvell’s ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to
the shares of the surviving corporation in the Merger; (c) that could materially and adversely affect the right of Marvell or Cavium or
any of its subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of Cavium and its subsidiaries; (d) seeking to compel Cavium or
Marvell or any of their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; or (e) relating to the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement and seeking to impose (or that would reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of) any criminal
sanctions or criminal liability on Marvell, Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries, or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of
Marvell or Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries.

 
20



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 34/263

Table of Contents

The obligations of Cavium to complete the Merger will be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Cavium), at or prior to the completion of the
Merger, of the following conditions:
 

 •  the Cavium shareholders have adopted the Merger Agreement and the Marvell shareholders have approved the Marvell Share Issuance;
 

 
•  subject to certain materiality qualifiers, the accuracy of the representations and warranties made by Marvell and Merger Sub in the

Merger Agreement, and the receipt of a certificate executed on behalf of Marvell by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer confirming, to the knowledge of such officer, such accuracy;

 

 

•  the obligations in the Merger Agreement that Marvell and Merger Sub are required to comply with or to perform at or prior to the
completion of the Merger have been complied with and performed in all material respects, and the receipt of a certificate executed on
behalf of Marvell by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer confirming, to the knowledge of such officer, such
compliance and performance;

 

 
•  the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part has become effective in accordance with the

provisions of the Securities Act;
 

 •  since the date of the Merger Agreement, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect on Marvell that is continuing;
 

 •  the waiting period applicable to the completion of the Merger under the HSR Act has expired or been terminated;
 

 
•  the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger are authorized and approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance) on

NASDAQ;
 

 

•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the Merger has been
issued by any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and is still in effect, and there is no legal requirement enacted or
deemed applicable to the Merger by any federal or state governmental body in the United States that makes completion of the Merger
illegal and is still in effect; and

 

 

•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other binding order preventing the completion of the Merger has
been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction (other than a court in the United States) and is still in effect, and there is no legal
requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger (other than a legal requirement enacted in the United States) that makes
completion of the Merger illegal and is still in effect, except for any such order, decree, ruling or legal requirement that would not
reasonably be expected to give rise to the imposition of criminal sanctions or criminal liability on the officers and directors of Cavium if
the Merger were completed.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger (beginning on page 132)

The completion of the Merger is subject to compliance with the HSR Act. Marvell and Cavium filed the notifications required under the HSR Act
with the Premerger Notification Office of the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice on December 27,
2017.

The completion of the Merger is also subject to compliance with applicable foreign antitrust laws. Under the Merger Agreement, the parties have
agreed to provide applicable notifications under the antitrust laws of the People’s Republic of China and Poland.

Under the Merger Agreement, each of Marvell and Cavium has agreed to use reasonable best efforts, subject to specified limitations, to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions necessary to complete the Merger and make

 
21



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 35/263

Table of Contents

effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including obtaining CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM approval. See “The
Merger Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger” and “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” for more
information.

No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium (beginning on page 157)

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed that, subject to certain exceptions, it will not, directly or indirectly, and will ensure that each of
its subsidiaries does not, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and their respective representatives not to, directly or indirectly:
 

 

•  solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, knowingly induce or knowingly facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any
Cavium Acquisition Proposal (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium”) or Cavium
Acquisition Inquiry (as defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium”), including by approving any
transaction, or approving any person or entity (other than Marvell and its affiliates) becoming an “interested stockholder” for purposes
of Section 203 of the DGCL;

 

 
•  furnish or otherwise provide access to any information regarding Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to any person or entity in response to

a Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry;
 

 •  engage in discussions or negotiations with any person or entity with respect to any Cavium Acquisition Proposal;
 

 •  approve, endorse or recommend any Cavium Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as

defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium”), other than certain confidentiality agreements
expressly permitted under the Merger Agreement; or

 

 •  publicly propose to do any of the foregoing.

The Merger Agreement provides, however, that prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by Cavium shareholders, Cavium may, under certain
specified circumstances and subject to certain conditions, furnish nonpublic information regarding Cavium and its subsidiaries to, or enter into
discussions or negotiations with, any person or entity who submits (and does not withdraw) a Cavium Acquisition Proposal. Under the Merger
Agreement, Cavium has also agreed to promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt thereof) advise Marvell orally and in writing of
any Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or any related request for nonpublic information relating to Cavium or any its
subsidiaries that is made or submitted by any person or entity during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the Effective Time.

For further information, see “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium.”

No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell (beginning on page 159)

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed, subject to certain exceptions, that it will not, directly or indirectly, and will ensure that each of
its subsidiaries does not, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and their respective representatives not to, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any Marvell Acquisition Proposal (as

defined in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell”) or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry (as defined in “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell”);

 
22



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 36/263

Table of Contents

 
•  furnish or otherwise provide access to any information regarding Marvell or any of its subsidiaries to any person or entity in response to

a Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry;
 

 •  engage in discussions or negotiations with any person or entity with respect to any Marvell Acquisition Proposal;
 

 •  approve, endorse or recommend any Marvell Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction,

other than certain confidentiality agreements expressly permitted under the Merger Agreement; or
 

 •  publicly propose to do any of the foregoing.

The Merger Agreement provides, however, that Marvell may, prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by Marvell shareholders, under
certain specified circumstances and subject to certain conditions, furnish nonpublic information regarding Marvell or any of its subsidiaries to, or
enter into discussions or negotiations with, any person or entity who submits (and does not withdraw) a Marvell Acquisition Proposal. Under the
Merger Agreement, Marvell has also agreed to promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt thereof) advise Cavium orally and in
writing of any Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry or any related request for nonpublic information relating to Marvell or
any its subsidiaries that is made or submitted by any person or entity during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the
Effective Time.

For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell.”

Termination of the Merger Agreement (beginning on page 177)

The Merger Agreement may be terminated by the mutual written consent of Marvell and Cavium, and under certain circumstances, by either
Marvell or Cavium.

Termination Fees (beginning on page 180)

The Merger Agreement provides that, in certain circumstances, the Cavium board of directors has the right to terminate the Merger Agreement in
order to enter into a definitive agreement relating to a superior offer, as further described in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or
Discussions by Cavium; No Change in Cavium Board Recommendation.” In that event, the Merger Agreement provides that Cavium pay Marvell a
termination fee of $180 million. See “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees.”

The Merger Agreement provides that, in certain circumstances, the Marvell board of directors has the right to terminate the Merger Agreement in
order to enter into a definitive agreement relating to a superior offer, as further described in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or
Discussions by Marvell; No Change in Marvell Board Recommendation.” In that event, the Merger Agreement provides that Marvell pay Cavium a
termination fee of $180 million. In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that Marvell will be required to pay Cavium a termination fee of $50
million if, under certain specified circumstances, MOFCOM approval has not been obtained and the Merger Agreement is terminated. See “The
Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees.” The Merger Agreement also provides that Marvell will be required to pay
Cavium a termination fee of $180 million if, under certain specified circumstances, CFIUS Approval has not been obtained and the Merger
Agreement is terminated. See “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees.”

 
23



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 37/263

Table of Contents

Litigation Related to the Merger (beginning on page 133)

Five putative class actions challenging the Merger have been filed on behalf of Cavium shareholders against Cavium, its board of directors and, in
two instances, Marvell. Each of the lawsuits alleges that the registration statement on Form S-4 authorized by Cavium and Marvell, and filed by
Marvell with the SEC on December 21, 2017, failed to disclose certain material information that rendered certain statements contained therein
incomplete and misleading. The complaints seek to enjoin the parties from proceeding with a shareholder vote on the Merger. Marvell and Cavium
believe the allegations and claims asserted in the five putative class actions are without merit. For more information, see “The Merger—Litigation
Related to the Merger.”

Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences (beginning on page 141)

The exchange of Cavium common stock in the Merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, a U.S.
holder (as defined in “The Merger—Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences”) of Cavium common stock who receives Merger
Consideration in exchange for such U.S. holder’s shares of Cavium common stock generally will recognize taxable gain or loss in an amount equal
to the difference, if any, between the fair market value of the Merger Consideration received and such U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares
of Cavium common stock exchanged therefor.

THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS CONTAINS A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE MATERIAL UNITED STATES
FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER TO U.S. HOLDERS. THIS DESCRIPTION NEITHER ADDRESSES ANY
NON-U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES NOR DOES IT PERTAIN TO STATE, LOCAL OR OTHER TAX CONSEQUENCES. CONSEQUENTLY,
YOU ARE URGED TO CONTACT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR TO DETERMINE THE PARTICULAR TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU
OF THE MERGER.

Accounting Treatment (beginning on page 139)

The Merger will be accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting with Marvell as the accounting acquiror.
Marvell’s shareholders immediately prior to the Effective Time will continue to own the majority of Marvell common shares after the completion
of the Merger.

Risk Factors (beginning on page 25)

In deciding how to vote your Marvell common shares or Cavium common stock, you should read carefully this entire joint proxy
statement/prospectus, including the documents incorporated by reference herein and the Annexes hereto, and especially consider the factors
discussed in “Risk Factors.” These risk factors should be considered along with the additional risk factors contained in the periodic reports of
Marvell and Cavium filed with the SEC.

Comparison of Rights of Shareholders (beginning on page 187)

As a result of the Merger, the holders of Cavium common stock will become holders of Marvell common shares and their rights will be governed
by the Bermuda Companies Act of 1981, as amended (the “Companies Act”), and by Marvell’s Memorandum of Association, as presently in effect
(the “Memorandum of Association”), and Marvell’s Fourth Amended and Restated Bye-laws (the “Bye-laws”). Following the Merger, Cavium
shareholders will have different rights as shareholders of Marvell than they had as shareholders of Cavium. For a summary of the material
differences between the rights of Marvell shareholders and Cavium shareholders, see “Comparison of Rights of Shareholders” for more
information.

 
24



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 38/263

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the shareholders of Marvell and
Cavium should carefully consider the following risk factors in determining how to vote on the respective proposals of Marvell and Cavium. The risks
associated with the business of Marvell can be found in Marvell’s Exchange Act reporting, including Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
fiscal year ended January 28, 2017 and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods ended April 29, 2017, July 29, 2017 and
October 28, 2017, which are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The risks associated with the business of Cavium can be
found in Cavium’s Exchange Act reporting, including the Cavium Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, and its
Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarters ended on March 31, 2017, June 30, 2017 and September 30, 2017, which are incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” beginning on page 238.

Risk Factors Relating to the Merger

Because the market price of Marvell common shares will fluctuate, the market value of the Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with
the Merger will not be known until completion of the Merger.

Upon completion of the Merger, each share of Cavium common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Merger will be converted into the right to
receive (a) 2.1757 Marvell common shares and (b) $40.00 in cash, without interest. There will be no adjustment to the Exchange Ratio due to changes in
the market price of either shares of Cavium common stock or Marvell common shares and the Merger Agreement does not provide for any price-based
termination right. The value of the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger could be considerably higher or lower than they were at the time
the Exchange Ratio was negotiated, on the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the dates of the shareholder meetings.

Accordingly, on the dates of the shareholder meetings, shareholders of each of Marvell and Cavium will not know or be able to calculate the exact
market value of the Marvell common shares that would be issued upon completion of the Merger.

Share price changes may result from numerous factors, including changes in the respective business operations and prospects of Marvell and Cavium,
changes in general market and economic conditions, and regulatory considerations. Many of these factors are beyond the control of Marvell or Cavium.

The market price of Marvell common shares after the Merger might be affected by factors different from, or in addition to, those currently affecting
the respective market prices of Marvell common shares and Cavium common stock.

The businesses of Marvell and Cavium differ and, accordingly, the results of operations of Marvell and the market price of Marvell common shares after
the Merger may be affected by factors different from, or in addition to, those currently affecting the independent results of operations of each of Marvell
and Cavium. For a discussion of the businesses of Marvell and Cavium and of factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the
documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and referred to under “Documents Incorporated by Reference.”

Until the completion of the Merger or the termination of the Merger Agreement in accordance with its terms, Marvell and Cavium are each
prohibited from entering into certain transactions and taking certain actions that might otherwise be beneficial to Marvell or Cavium and their
respective shareholders.

Until the Merger is completed or the Merger Agreement is terminated, the Merger Agreement restricts Marvell and Cavium from taking specified
actions without the consent of the other party, and requires Cavium to conduct
 

25



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 39/263

Table of Contents

its business and operations in the ordinary course in all material respects and substantially in accordance with past practices. These restrictions may
prevent Marvell and Cavium from making appropriate changes to their respective businesses or pursuing attractive business opportunities that may arise
prior to the completion of the Merger. See “The Merger Agreement—Interim Operations of Marvell and Cavium” for a description of the restrictive
covenants applicable to Marvell and Cavium.

The Merger Agreement limits each of Marvell’s and Cavium’s ability to pursue alternative transactions, and in certain instances requires payment of
a termination fee, which could deter a third party from proposing an alternative transaction.

The Merger Agreement contains provisions that, subject to certain exceptions, limit each of Marvell’s and Cavium’s ability to solicit, initiate, encourage
or facilitate, or enter into discussions or negotiations with respect to, any inquiries regarding or the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes or
could reasonably be expected to lead to an alternative transaction. See “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell” and “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium” for more information. In addition, under specified circumstances, Marvell or Cavium is
required to pay a termination fee of $180 million if the Merger Agreement is terminated. See “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and
Termination Fees” for a more detailed description of these circumstances. It is possible that these or other provisions might discourage a potential
competing acquirer that might have an interest in acquiring all or a significant part of Marvell or Cavium from considering or proposing an acquisition
or might result in a potential competing acquirer proposing to pay a lower per share price to acquire Marvell or Cavium than it might otherwise have
proposed to pay.

The Merger is subject to a number of conditions, some of which are outside of the parties’ control, and if these conditions are not satisfied or
waived, the Merger will not be completed.

The Merger Agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied (or waived) prior to completion of the Merger. Those conditions include,
among other conditions:
 

 •  adoption by Cavium shareholders of the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  approval by Marvell shareholders of the Marvell Share Issuance;
 

 
•  there being no binding order issued by certain governmental entities enjoining or otherwise prohibiting completion of the Merger that

remains in effect;
 

 •  there being no legal requirement enacted by certain governmental entities making the completion of the Merger illegal that remains in effect;
 

 •  receipt of certain required regulatory approvals;
 

 •  authorization and approval for listing on NASDAQ of the Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger;
 

 •  accuracy of representations and warranties of the parties to the applicable standard provided by the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  there being no Material Adverse Effect on Marvell or Cavium and its subsidiaries that is continuing;
 

 •  compliance with and performance by the parties of their respective covenants in the Merger Agreement in all material respects; and
 

 
•  effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part, as well as other customary closing

conditions.

The required satisfaction or waiver of the foregoing conditions could delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it
from occurring at all. Any delay in completing the Merger could cause the
 

26



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 40/263

Table of Contents

combined company not to realize some or all of the benefits that the parties expect the combined company to achieve. Further, there can be no assurance
that the conditions to the completion of the Merger will be satisfied or waived or that the Merger will be completed.

In addition, if the Merger is not completed by September 19, 2018 (subject to a potential extension to November 19, 2018 under certain circumstances,
including in the event receipt of certain required regulatory approvals have not been obtained), either Marvell or Cavium may choose to terminate the
Merger Agreement. Marvell or Cavium may also elect to terminate the Merger Agreement in certain other circumstances, or they may mutually decide
to terminate the Merger Agreement at any time prior to the Effective Time, before or after obtaining shareholder approval, as applicable. See “The
Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement” and “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees” for a more
detailed description of these circumstances.

The Merger is subject to the expiration of applicable waiting periods under, and the receipt of approvals, consents or clearances from, certain
domestic and foreign regulatory authorities that may impose conditions that could have an adverse effect on Marvell, Cavium or the combined
company or prevent completion of the Merger.

The Merger is subject to the expiration of applicable waiting periods and the receipt of approvals, consents and clearances from both the United States
and foreign regulatory authorities. In deciding whether to grant the required regulatory approval, consent or clearance, each relevant governmental entity
will consider the effect of the Merger on competition within its jurisdiction. The terms and conditions of the approvals, consents and clearances that are
granted may impose requirements, limitations or costs or place restrictions on the conduct of the combined company’s business which may adversely
affect the financial position and prospects of the combined company and its ability to achieve the cost savings and other synergies projected to result
from the Merger.

In addition, neither Marvell nor Cavium can provide assurance that any such conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions will not result in the delay or
abandonment of the Merger. For a more detailed description of the regulatory review process, see the sections entitled “The Merger—Regulatory
Approvals Required for the Merger,” “The Merger Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger” and “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to
Completion of the Merger.”

The Merger is subject to the receipt of CFIUS Approval that may impose measures to protect U.S. national security or other conditions that could
have an adverse effect on Marvell, Cavium, or the combined company, or, if not obtained, could prevent completion of the Merger.

Marvell’s obligation to complete the Merger is conditioned on obtaining CFIUS Approval. In deciding whether to grant CFIUS Approval, CFIUS will
consider the effect of the Merger on U.S. national security. As a condition to granting CFIUS Approval, CFIUS may take measures and impose
conditions, certain of which (a) could materially and adversely affect the combined company’s operating results due to the imposition of requirements,
limitations or costs or the placement of restrictions on the conduct of the combined company’s business and (b) could adversely affect the financial
position and prospects of the combined company and its ability to achieve the cost savings and other synergies projected to result from the Merger.
There can be no assurance that CFIUS will not impose conditions, terms, obligations or restrictions, or that such conditions, terms, obligations or
restrictions will not have the effect of delaying completion of the Merger or imposing additional material costs on, or materially limiting the revenues of,
the combined company following the Merger. For a more detailed description of the regulatory review process, see the sections entitled “The Merger—
Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger” and “The Merger Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger,” and “The Merger Agreement—
Conditions to Completion of the Merger.”
 

27



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 41/263

Table of Contents

Any delay in completing the Merger may significantly reduce the benefits expected to be obtained from the Merger.

In addition to the required regulatory clearances and approvals, the Merger is subject to a number of other conditions that are beyond the control of
Marvell and Cavium and that may prevent, delay or otherwise materially adversely affect completion of the Merger. Marvell and Cavium cannot predict
whether and when these other conditions will be satisfied. Further, the requirements for obtaining the required regulatory clearances and approvals could
delay the completion of the Merger for a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the Merger may significantly
reduce the synergies projected to result from the Merger and other benefits that Marvell and Cavium expect to achieve if they complete the Merger
within the expected timeframe and integrate their respective businesses. See “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” for
more information.

The business relationships of Marvell and Cavium and their respective subsidiaries may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with
the Merger, which could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash flows and financial position of Marvell, Cavium and, following the
completion of the Merger, the combined company.

Parties with which Marvell and Cavium do business may experience uncertainty associated with the Merger, including with respect to current or future
business relationships with Marvell, Cavium or the combined company. Marvell’s and Cavium’s relationships may be subject to disruption as customers,
suppliers and other persons with whom Marvell and Cavium have a business relationship may delay or defer certain business decisions or might decide
to seek to terminate, change or renegotiate their relationships with Marvell or Cavium, as applicable, or consider entering into business relationships
with parties other than Marvell, Cavium or the combined company. These disruptions could have an adverse effect on the results of operations, cash
flows and financial position of Marvell, Cavium and, following the completion of the Merger, the combined company, including an adverse effect on
Marvell’s ability to realize the expected synergies and other benefits of the Merger. The risk, and adverse effect, of any disruption could be exacerbated
by a delay in completion of the Merger or termination of the Merger Agreement.

Some of Cavium’s executive officers and directors may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Cavium
shareholders.

When considering the recommendations of the Cavium board of directors with respect to the Merger, Cavium shareholders should be aware that the
directors and executive officers of Cavium have interests in the Merger that may be different from, or in addition to, their interests as shareholders and
the interests of shareholders of Cavium generally. These interests include, among others, potential payments under employment agreements and change
in control severance agreements, rights to acceleration of vesting and exercisability of options, and acceleration of vesting of restricted stock units as a
result of the Merger and rights to ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage for acts or omissions occurring prior to the Merger. See “The Merger
—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” for more information.

As a result of these interests, these directors and executive officers of Cavium might be more likely to support and to vote in favor of the proposals
described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus than if they did not have these interests. Each of Cavium’s shareholders should consider whether these
interests might have influenced these directors and executive officers to support or recommend voting for the proposals related to the Merger. As of the
close of business on January 19, 2018, Cavium directors and executive officers were entitled to vote approximately 3.09% of the then-outstanding shares
of Cavium common stock. See “The Merger—Share Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers of Cavium” for more information.
 

28



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 42/263

Table of Contents

There can be no assurance that Marvell will be able to secure the funds necessary to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration and
refinance certain of Cavium’s existing indebtedness on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all.

Marvell intends to fund the cash portion of the Merger Consideration to be paid to holders of Cavium common stock with a combination of Marvell’s
and Cavium’s cash on hand and debt financing. To this end, Marvell has entered into a debt commitment letter containing commitments as of the date of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus for a $900 million term loan facility and an $850 million bridge loan facility. However, as of the date of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, neither Marvell nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into definitive agreements for the debt financing (or other financing
arrangements in lieu thereof), and the obligation of the lenders to provide the debt financing under the debt commitment letter is subject to a number of
customary conditions. There can be no assurance that Marvell will be able to obtain the debt financing pursuant to the debt commitment letter.

In the event that the debt financing contemplated by the debt commitment letter is not available, other financing may not be available on acceptable
terms, in a timely manner or at all. If Marvell is unable to obtain debt financing, the Merger may be delayed or not be completed.

Failure to complete the Merger could negatively impact the share price and the future business and financial results of Marvell and Cavium.

If the Merger is not completed for any reason, the ongoing businesses of Marvell and Cavium may be adversely affected and, without realizing any of
the benefits of having completed the Merger, Marvell and Cavium would be subject to a number of risks, including the following:
 

 
•  Marvell and Cavium may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on their respective share

prices;
 

 
•  Marvell and Cavium may experience negative reactions from their respective customers, strategic partners, suppliers, licensees, other

business partners, regulators and employees;
 

 
•  there may be disruptions to Marvell’s and Cavium’s respective businesses resulting from the announcement and pendency of the Merger,

and any adverse changes in their relationships with their respective customers, strategic partners, suppliers, licensees, other business partners
and employees may continue or intensify;

 

 •  Marvell and Cavium will be required to pay certain costs relating to the Merger whether or not the Merger is completed;
 

 
•  Marvell and Cavium may not have been able to take advantage of alternative business opportunities or effectively respond to competitive

pressures; and
 

 
•  Marvell and Cavium will have committed substantial time and resources to matters relating to the Merger (including integration planning)

which would otherwise have been devoted to day-to-day operations and other opportunities that may have been beneficial to either Marvell
or Cavium as an independent company.

In addition to the above risks, Marvell or Cavium may be required, under certain circumstances in connection with a termination of the Merger
Agreement, to pay the other party a termination fee of up to $180 million, which may materially adversely affect the paying party’s financial results.
Further, Marvell and Cavium are currently parties to various claims and litigation related to this registration statement and could be subject to additional
litigation related to the Merger (or any failure to complete the Merger) or to a proceeding commenced against Marvell or Cavium to enforce
performance of their respective obligations under the Merger Agreement. If the Merger is not completed, these risks may materialize and may adversely
affect Marvell’s and Cavium’s respective businesses, financial condition, financial results and share prices.
 

29



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 43/263

Table of Contents

Litigation filed against Marvell and/or Cavium could prevent or delay the completion of the Merger or result in the payment of damages following
completion of the Merger.

Marvell, Cavium and members of Cavium’s board of directors currently are and may in the future be parties, among others, to various claims and
litigation related to the Merger Agreement and the Merger, including putative shareholder class actions. For additional information regarding the
pending litigation, please see the section entitled “The Merger—Litigation Related to the Merger.” Among other remedies, the plaintiffs in such matters
are seeking to enjoin the Merger. The results of complex legal proceedings are difficult to predict, and could delay or prevent the Merger from becoming
effective in a timely manner. The existence of litigation relating to the Merger could impact the likelihood of obtaining the required approvals from
either Marvell’s or Cavium’s shareholders. Moreover, the pending litigation and any future additional litigation could be time consuming and expensive,
could divert Marvell’s and Cavium’s management’s attention away from their regular businesses, and, if any one of these lawsuits is adversely resolved
against either Marvell or Cavium, could have a material adverse effect on Marvell’s or Cavium’s respective financial condition.

One of the conditions to Cavium’s obligation to complete the Merger is that no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other
binding order preventing the completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and remain in
effect. Similarly, one of the conditions to Marvell’s obligation to complete the Merger is that no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent
injunction or other binding order preventing the completion of the Merger shall have been issued by any court of any specified jurisdiction and remain in
effect. Marvell’s obligations to complete the Merger is also conditioned on, among other things, there being no pending or overtly threatened legal
proceeding brought by a governmental body (a) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit the completion of the Merger or any of the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (b) seeking to prohibit or limit in any material respect Marvell’s ability to vote, receive dividends with respect
to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock of the surviving corporation in the Merger; (c) that could materially and adversely
affect the right of Marvell or Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to own the assets or operate the business of Cavium and its subsidiaries; (d) seeking to
compel Cavium or Marvell or any of their respective subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Merger or any of the
other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; or (e) relating to the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement and seeking to impose (or that would reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of) any criminal sanctions or criminal liability on
Marvell or Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of Marvell or Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries.

Consequently, if a settlement or other resolution is not reached in the potential lawsuits referenced above and the plaintiffs secure injunctive or other
relief prohibiting, delaying or otherwise adversely affecting Marvell’s or Cavium’s ability to complete the Merger on the terms contemplated by the
Merger Agreement, or there is a pending or overtly threatened legal proceeding brought by a governmental party as described above, then the Merger
may not become effective in a timely manner or at all.

Risk Factors Relating to the Combined Company Following the Merger

Marvell may fail to realize the benefits expected from the Merger, which could adversely affect Marvell’s share price.

The anticipated benefits Marvell expects from the Merger are, necessarily, based on projections and assumptions about the combined businesses of
Marvell and Cavium, which may not materialize as expected or which may prove to be inaccurate. The value of Marvell common shares following the
completion of the Merger could be adversely affected if Marvell is unable to realize the anticipated benefits from the Merger on a timely basis or at all.
Achieving the benefits of the Merger will depend, in part, on Marvell’s ability to integrate the business and operations of Cavium successfully and
efficiently with Marvell’s business. The challenges involved in this integration, which will be complex and time-consuming, include the following:
 

 •  difficulties entering new markets or manufacturing in new geographies where Marvell has no or limited direct prior experience;
 

30



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 44/263

Table of Contents

 •  successfully managing relationships with Marvell and Cavium’s combined supplier and customer base;
 

 
•  coordinating and integrating independent research and development and engineering teams across technologies and product platforms to

enhance product development while reducing costs;
 

 
•  coordinating sales and marketing efforts to effectively position the combined company’s capabilities and the direction of product

development;
 

 •  combining product offerings and product lines and developing interoperability between the products of Marvell and Cavium;
 

 
•  limitations or restrictions required by regulatory authorities on the ability of management of Marvell and of Cavium to conduct planning

regarding the integration of the two companies;
 

 •  difficulties in integrating the systems and process of two companies with complex operations;
 

 •  the increased scale and complexity of Marvell’s operations resulting from the Merger;
 

 •  retaining key employees of Marvell and Cavium;
 

 •  obligations that Marvell will have to counterparties of Cavium that arise as a result of the change in control of Cavium; and
 

 •  the diversion of management attention from other important business objectives.

If Marvell does not successfully manage these issues and the other challenges inherent in integrating an acquired business of the size and complexity of
Cavium, then Marvell may not achieve the anticipated benefits of the Merger on a timely basis or at all and Marvell’s revenue, expenses, operating
results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Marvell may be unable to realize anticipated cost synergies and expects to incur substantial expenses related to the Merger, which could have a
material adverse effect on Marvell’s business, financial condition and results of operations.

Marvell expects to generate cost synergies of at least $150 million to $175 million within 18 months after completion of the Merger.

Marvell’s ability to achieve such estimated cost synergies in the timeframe described, or at all, is subject to various assumptions by Marvell’s
management, which may or may not prove to be accurate, as well as the incurrence of costs in Marvell’s operations that offset all or a portion of such
cost synergies. As a consequence, Marvell may not be able to realize all of these cost synergies within the timeframe expected or at all. In addition,
Marvell may incur additional or unexpected costs in order to realize these cost synergies. Failure to achieve the expected cost synergies could
significantly reduce the expected benefits associated with the Merger.

In addition, Marvell has incurred and will incur substantial expenses in connection with completion of the Merger, including the costs and expenses of
preparing and filing the Form S-4 Registration Statement that contains this joint proxy statement/prospectus with the SEC.

Marvell expects to continue to incur non-recurring costs associated with consummating the Merger, combining the operations of the two companies and
achieving the desired cost synergies. These fees and costs have been, and will continue to be, substantial. The substantial majority of non-
recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the Merger and include, among others, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting
advisors, employee benefit costs and filing fees.

The costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and
operating results of Marvell following the completion of the Merger and many of these costs will be borne by Marvell even if the Merger is not
completed.
 

31



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 45/263

Table of Contents

The business and operating results of Marvell could be harmed by the highly cyclical nature of the semiconductor industry.

Marvell and Cavium operate in the semiconductor industry. Historically, the semiconductor industry has been highly cyclical with recurring periods of
diminished product demand. Significant downturns in the semiconductor industry are often experienced in connection with, or in anticipation of, excess
manufacturing capacity worldwide, maturing product cycles and declines in general economic conditions. Even if demand for the products and solutions
of Marvell and Cavium remains constant after the completion of the Merger, oversupply in the semiconductor industry may create competitive pressures
that can degrade pricing levels and reduce revenues of the combined company. Any failure to expand in cycle upturns to meet customer demand and
delivery requirements or contract in cycle downturns at a pace consistent with cycles in the industry could have an adverse effect on the business of the
combined company.

Marvell shareholders and Cavium shareholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest after completion of the Merger and will exercise
less influence over management.

Marvell shareholders currently have the right to vote on the election of the board of directors of Marvell and on other matters affecting Marvell.
Similarly, Cavium shareholders currently have the right to vote on the election of the board of directors of Cavium and on other matters affecting
Cavium. Immediately following the Merger, Marvell shareholders will own approximately 76.7% of Marvell common shares, and Cavium’s
shareholders will own approximately 23.3% of Marvell common shares, based on the number of Marvell common shares issued and shares of Cavium
common stock outstanding as of January 22, 2018. As a result, current Marvell shareholders and current Cavium shareholders will have less influence
on the management and policies of the combined company than they now have on the management and policies of Marvell and Cavium, respectively.

Uncertainties associated with the Merger may cause a loss of employees and may otherwise materially adversely affect the future business and
operations of the combined company.

The combined company’s success after the Merger will depend in part upon the ability of the combined company to retain executive officers and key
employees of Marvell and Cavium. In some of the fields in which Marvell and Cavium operate, there are only a limited number of people in the job
market who possess the requisite skills and it may be increasingly difficult for the combined company to hire qualified personnel over time. The
combined company will operate in several geographic locations where the labor markets, especially for engineers, are particularly competitive. Each of
Marvell and Cavium has experienced difficulty in hiring and retaining sufficient numbers of qualified management, technical, application engineering,
marketing, sales and support personnel in parts of their respective businesses.

Current and prospective employees of Marvell and Cavium may experience uncertainty about their roles with the combined company following the
Merger. In addition, key employees may depart because of issues relating to the uncertainty and difficulty of integration or a desire not to remain with
the combined company following the Merger. The loss of services of any key personnel or the inability to hire new personnel with the requisite skills
could restrict the ability of the combined company to develop new products or enhance existing products in a timely manner, to sell products to
customers or to manage the business of the combined company effectively. Also, the business, financial condition and results of operations of the
combined company could be materially adversely affected by the loss of any of its key employees, by the failure of any key employee to perform in his
or her current position, or by the combined company’s inability to attract and retain skilled employees, particularly engineers.

Third parties may claim that the combined company is infringing their intellectual property, and the combined company could suffer significant
litigation or licensing expenses or be prevented from selling its products or services.

The semiconductor industry is characterized by uncertain and conflicting intellectual property claims and vigorous protection and pursuit of these rights.
Each of Marvell and Cavium is frequently involved in disputes
 

32



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 46/263

Table of Contents

regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Each of Marvell and Cavium has in the past received, and the combined company may in the
future receive, communications from third parties asserting that certain of its products, processes or technologies infringe upon their patent rights,
copyrights, trademark rights or other intellectual property rights. The combined company may also receive claims of potential infringement. Defending
these claims may be costly and time consuming, and may divert the attention of management and key personnel from other business issues. The
complexity of the technology involved and the uncertainty of intellectual property litigation increase these risks. Claims of intellectual property
infringement also might require the combined company to enter into costly royalty or license agreements. The combined company may be unable to
obtain royalty or license agreements on acceptable terms, or at all. Similarly, changing its products or processes to avoid infringing the rights of others
may be costly or impractical. The combined company may also be subject to significant damages or injunctions against development and sale of certain
of its products and services. Resolution of such disputes could have a material adverse effect on the combined company’s results of operations or
financial condition and may require material changes in production processes and products.

The combined company may not be able to adequately protect or enforce its intellectual property rights, which could harm its competitive position.

The combined company’s success and future revenue growth will depend, in part, on its ability to protect its intellectual property. The combined
company will primarily rely on patent, copyright, trademark and trade secret laws, as well as non-disclosure agreements and other methods, to protect its
proprietary technologies and processes. It is possible that competitors or other unauthorized third parties may obtain, copy, use or disclose, illegally or
otherwise, the combined company’s proprietary technologies and processes, despite efforts by the combined company to protect its proprietary
technologies and processes. While the combined company will hold a significant number of patents, there can be no assurances that any additional
patents will be issued. Even if new patents are issued, the claims allowed may not be sufficiently broad to protect the combined company’s technology.
In addition, any of Marvell’s or Cavium’s existing patents, and any future patents issued to the combined company, may be challenged, invalidated or
circumvented, either in connection with the Merger or otherwise. As such, any rights granted under these patents may not provide the combined
company with meaningful protection. Marvell and Cavium may not have, and in the future the combined company may not have, foreign patents or
pending applications corresponding to its U.S. patents and applications. Even if foreign patents are granted, effective enforcement in foreign countries
may not be available. If the combined company’s patents do not adequately protect its technology, competitors may be able to offer products similar to
the combined company’s products. The combined company’s competitors may also be able to develop similar technology independently or design
around its patents.

The Merger could have an adverse effect on the Marvell and Cavium brands.

The success of Marvell and Cavium is largely dependent upon the ability of Marvell and Cavium to maintain and enhance the value of their respective
brands, their customers’ connection to and perception of the brands, and a positive relationship with customers and suppliers. Brand value, and as a
result the businesses and results of operations of Marvell and Cavium, could be severely damaged if the Merger receives considerable negative publicity
or if customers or suppliers otherwise come to have a diminished view of the brands as a result of the Merger or the common ownership of the existing
businesses.

The use of cash and incurrence of substantial indebtedness in connection with the financing of the Merger may have an adverse impact on
Marvell’s liquidity, limit Marvell’s flexibility in responding to other business opportunities and increase Marvell’s vulnerability to adverse economic
and industry conditions.

The Merger will be financed in part by the use of Marvell’s cash on hand, Cavium’s cash on hand and the incurrence of a significant amount of
indebtedness. As of December 23, 2017, Marvell had approximately $808.8 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately $965.7 million of
short-term investments. As of December 31, 2017, Cavium had approximately $140.5 million of cash and cash equivalents. In connection with
 

33



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 47/263

Table of Contents

the Merger, Marvell expects to obtain debt financing totaling $1.75 billion. The proceeds from the debt financing are expected to be used to pay, in part,
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses. The use of cash
on hand and indebtedness to finance the acquisition will reduce Marvell’s liquidity and could cause Marvell to place more reliance on cash generated
from operations to pay principal and interest on Marvell’s debt, thereby reducing the availability of Marvell’s cash flow for working capital, dividend
and capital expenditure needs or to pursue other potential strategic plans. Marvell expects that the agreements it will enter into with respect to the
indebtedness it will incur to finance the Merger will contain restrictive covenants, including financial covenants requiring Marvell to maintain specified
financial ratios and limitations on Marvell’s ability to incur additional liens and indebtedness or to pay dividends and make certain investments.
Marvell’s ability to comply with these restrictive covenants can be affected by events beyond its control. The indebtedness and these restrictive
covenants will also have the effect, among other things, of limiting Marvell’s ability to obtain additional financing, if needed, limiting its flexibility in
the conduct of its business and making Marvell more vulnerable to economic downturns and adverse competitive and industry conditions. In addition, a
breach of the restrictive covenants could result in an event of default with respect to the indebtedness, which, if not cured or waived, could result in the
indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable and could have a material adverse effect on Marvell’s business, financial condition or operating
results.

Because of higher debt levels, Marvell may not be able to service its debt obligations in accordance with their terms after the completion of the
Merger.

Marvell’s ability to meet its expense and debt service obligations contained in the agreements Marvell expects to enter into with respect to the
indebtedness Marvell will incur to finance the Merger will depend on Marvell’s available cash and its future performance, which will be affected by
financial, business, economic and other factors, including potential changes in laws or regulations, industry conditions, industry supply and demand
balance, customer preferences, the success of Marvell’s products and pressure from competitors. If Marvell is unable to meet its debt service obligations
after the Merger or should Marvell fail to comply with its financial and other restrictive covenants contained in the agreements governing its
indebtedness, Marvell may be required to refinance all or part of its debt, sell important strategic assets at unfavorable prices, incur additional
indebtedness or issue common shares or other equity securities. Marvell may not be able to, at any given time, refinance its debt, sell assets, incur
additional indebtedness or issue equity securities on terms acceptable to Marvell, in amounts sufficient to meet Marvell’s needs. If Marvell is able to
raise additional funds through the issuance of equity securities, such issuance would also result in dilution to Marvell’s shareholders. Marvell’s inability
to service its debt obligations or refinance its debt could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results after the
Merger. In addition, Marvell’s debt obligations may limit its ability to make required investments in capacity, technology or other areas of its business,
which could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition or operating results.

The Merger may result in significant charges or other liabilities, including taxes, that could adversely affect the financial results of the combined
company.

The financial results of the combined company may be adversely affected by cash expenses and non-cash accounting charges incurred in connection
with Marvell’s integration of the business and operations of Cavium. The amount and timing of these possible charges are not yet known. Further,
Marvell’s failure to identify or accurately assess the magnitude of certain liabilities that Marvell is assuming in the Merger could result in unexpected
litigation or regulatory exposure, unfavorable accounting charges, unexpected increases in taxes due, a loss of anticipated tax benefits or other adverse
effects on Marvell’s business, operating results or financial condition. The price of Marvell common shares following the Merger could decline to the
extent the combined company’s financial results are materially affected by any of these events.
 

34



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 48/263

Table of Contents

Marvell’s actual financial position and results of operations may differ materially from the unaudited pro forma financial data included herein.

The unaudited pro forma financial data included herein are presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative of what Marvell’s
actual financial position or results of operations would have been had the Merger been completed on the dates indicated. These data reflect adjustments,
which are based upon preliminary estimates, to allocate the purchase price to Cavium’s net assets. The purchase price allocation reflected in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus is preliminary, and final allocation of the purchase price will be based upon the actual purchase price and the fair value of
the assets and liabilities of Cavium as of the closing date of the Merger. In addition, subsequent to the closing date of the Merger, there may be further
refinements of the purchase price allocation as additional information becomes available.

Accordingly, the final purchase accounting adjustments might differ materially from the pro forma adjustments reflected herein. See “Selected
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for more information.

The unaudited prospective financial information of Marvell and Cavium included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus involves risks,
uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond the control of Marvell and Cavium. As a result, it may not prove to be accurate and is not
necessarily indicative of current values or future performance.

The unaudited prospective financial information of Marvell and Cavium referred to in “The Merger—Opinion of Marvell’s Financial Advisor, Goldman
Sachs,” “The Merger—Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan—Opinion of Qatalyst Partners,” “The Merger—
Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan—Opinion of J.P. Morgan” and contained in “The Merger—Unaudited
Prospective Financial Information,” involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions and is not a guarantee of future performance. While the unaudited
prospective financial information utilized by Marvell, Cavium and their respective advisors in connection with the Merger and summarized in this joint
proxy statement/statement were prepared in good faith based on information available at the time of preparation, no assurances can be made regarding
future events or that the assumptions made in preparing such unaudited prospective financial information will accurately reflect future conditions. In
preparing such unaudited prospective financial information, the management of Marvell and Cavium each made assumptions regarding, among other
things, future economic, competitive, regulatory and financial market conditions and future business decisions that may not be realized and that are
inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, including, among others, risks and uncertainties described or incorporated by reference
in this section and the section entitled “Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements,” all of which are difficult to predict and many of
which are beyond the control of Marvell and Cavium and, if the Merger is completed, will be beyond the control of the combined company. Thus, the
future financial results of Marvell and Cavium and, if the Merger is completed, the combined company, may materially differ from those expressed in
the unaudited prospective financial information due to factors that are beyond Marvell’s and Cavium’s ability to control or predict. There can be no
assurance that Marvell’s or Cavium’s unaudited prospective financial information will be realized or that Marvell’s or Cavium’s future financial results
will not materially vary from the applicable unaudited prospective financial information. As a result, the unaudited prospective financial information
cannot be considered predictive of actual future operating results, and this information should not be relied on as such. The unaudited prospective
financial information covers multiple years, and the information by its nature becomes subject to greater uncertainty with each successive year. The
unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date it was prepared.

More specifically, the unaudited prospective financial information:
 

 
•  necessarily makes numerous assumptions, many of which are difficult to predict and beyond the control of Marvell or Cavium and may not

prove to be accurate;
 

35



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 49/263

Table of Contents

 
•  does not necessarily reflect revised prospects for Marvell’s or Cavium’s respective businesses, changes in general business or economic

conditions, or any other transaction or event that has occurred or that may occur and that was not anticipated at the time the unaudited
prospective financial information was prepared;

 

 •  does not reflect the impact of any changes to U.S. tax laws currently proposed by Congress;
 

 
•  is not necessarily indicative of current values or future performance, which may be significantly more favorable or less favorable than is

reflected in the unaudited prospective financial information; and
 

 •  should not be regarded as a representation that the unaudited prospective financial information will be achieved.

The unaudited prospective financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or compliance with published guidelines of the
SEC or the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information or U.S. generally
accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”) and does not reflect the effect of any proposed or other changes in GAAP that may be made in the future.

Risk Factors Relating to Marvell Common Shares

Cavium shareholders will become shareholders of Marvell upon receipt of Marvell common shares, which will change certain shareholder rights
and privileges they hold as shareholders of Cavium.

Cavium shareholders will receive Marvell common shares as part of the Merger Consideration. There are a number of differences between the rights of a
shareholder of Cavium and the rights of a shareholder of Marvell. We urge Cavium shareholders to review the discussion “Comparison of Rights of
Shareholders” beginning on page 187.

The market for Marvell common shares may be adversely affected by the issuance of shares in the Merger.

In connection with the Merger, Marvell will issue an estimated 150.46 million Marvell common shares to Cavium shareholders, based on the number of
shares of Cavium common stock outstanding on January 22, 2018, and will assume certain outstanding Cavium equity awards pursuant to the terms of
the Merger Agreement. The increase in the number of issued Marvell common shares may lead to sales of such shares or the perception that such sales
may occur, either of which may adversely affect the market for, and the market price of, Marvell common shares.

Other Risks

Additional Risks Relating to Marvell and Cavium.

Marvell and Cavium are, and following completion of the Merger Marvell will continue to be, subject to the risks described in (a) Part I, Item 1A in
Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017, and its Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the quarterly periods
ended April 29, 2017, July 29, 2017 and October 28, 2017, and (b) Part I, Item 1A in Cavium’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016. See the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” beginning on page 238 for more information.

Marvell is incorporated in Bermuda, and, as a result, it may not be possible for Marvell shareholders to enforce civil liability provisions of the
securities laws of the United States. In addition, Marvell’s Bye-laws contain a waiver of claims or rights of action by Marvell’s shareholders against
Marvell officers and directors, which will severely limit Marvell’s shareholders’ right to assert a claim against Marvell’s officers and directors under
Bermuda law.

Marvell is organized under the laws of Bermuda. As a result, it may not be possible for Marvell shareholders to effect service of process within the
United States upon Marvell, or to enforce against Marvell in U.S. courts’
 

36



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 50/263

Table of Contents

judgments based on the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States. There is significant doubt as to whether the courts of
Bermuda would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against Marvell or Marvell’s directors or officers based on the civil liability
provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any state, or hear actions brought in Bermuda against Marvell or those persons based on those
laws. The United States and Bermuda do not currently have a treaty providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and
commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any federal or state court in the United States based on civil
liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not be automatically enforceable in Bermuda.

Marvell’s Bye-laws contain a broad waiver by Marvell’s shareholders of any claim or right of action, both individually and on Marvell’s behalf, against
any of Marvell’s officers and directors. The waiver applies to any action taken by an officer or director, or the failure of an officer or director to take any
action, in the performance of his or her duties with or for Marvell, other than with respect to any matter involving any fraud or dishonesty on the part of
the officer or director or to any matter arising under U.S. federal securities laws. This waiver will limit the rights of Marvell’s shareholders to assert
claims against Marvell’s officers and directors unless the act complained of involves fraud or dishonesty or arises as a result of a breach of U.S. federal
securities laws. Therefore, so long as acts of business judgment do not involve fraud or dishonesty or arise as a result of a breach of U.S. federal
securities laws, they will not be subject to shareholder claims under Bermuda law. For example, shareholders will not have claims against officers and
directors for negligence, malfeasance or a breach of trust, unless the breach rises to the level of fraud or dishonesty, or arises as a result of a breach of
U.S. federal securities laws.

In order to facilitate the satisfaction of any of the closing conditions relating to regulatory matters, Marvell could decide to commit to change its
place of domicile from Bermuda to Delaware or restructure to become a wholly owned subsidiary of a new corporation incorporated in Delaware.
Any such transaction would change the rights of the shareholders of Marvell, including former Cavium shareholders.

Marvell is organized under the laws of Bermuda. Several regulatory approvals are conditions to completion of the Merger. The decision of regulators
whether, when or under what circumstances to approve the Merger may be affected by whether Marvell is a Bermuda corporation or a U.S. corporation.
In order to facilitate the satisfaction of any of the conditions to the completion of the Merger relating to regulatory matters, Marvell could decide to (but
is not obligated to) commit to change its place of domicile or organization from Bermuda to Delaware (a “Domestication”) or restructure to become a
wholly owned subsidiary of a new corporation incorporated in Delaware (a “Holding Company Restructuring”).

Marvell cannot predict whether or not it will be necessary to commit to any such actions in order to satisfy any of the conditions to the completion of the
Merger relating to regulatory matters, or whether Marvell would commit to do so even if necessary to obtain regulatory approval. If Marvell were to
commit to a Domestication, that transaction would not be implemented until after the completion of the Merger. If Marvell were to commit to a Holding
Company Restructuring, it could delay the completion of the Merger.

If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication, Marvell would not need to obtain shareholder approval of that transaction, and Marvell shareholders
would not have statutory rights of appraisal or any other appraisal rights under either Bermuda or Delaware law. If Marvell elects to implement a
Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell would need to obtain shareholder approval of the transaction, and Marvell shareholders would have statutory
rights of appraisal under Bermuda law.

If Marvell implements either a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell shareholders (including former Cavium shareholders)
would hold shares in a Delaware corporation. There would be a number of differences between the rights of shareholders of Marvell under Bermuda law
and the rights of shareholders under Delaware law. See the section entitled “Possible Domestication or Holding Company Restructuring of Marvell” for
more information on these differences.
 

37



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 51/263

Table of Contents

If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring, there may be adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to
Marvell and shareholders of Marvell, including former Cavium shareholders.

Marvell is a Bermuda parent holding company with various foreign and U.S. subsidiaries. The applicable corporate income tax rate in the jurisdictions
in which Marvell operates varies. Marvell’s current effective corporate income tax rate is based upon the application of currently applicable income tax
laws, regulations and treaties in the many jurisdictions in which it operates. If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication or a Holding Company
Restructuring, Marvell (in the case of a Domestication) or the new Delaware parent corporation (in the case of a Holding Company Restructuring)
(“Delaware HoldCo”) will be subject to U.S. taxation on its income and capital gains. Also, Marvell or Delaware HoldCo, as applicable, will be subject
to U.S. taxation on certain income of its non-U.S. subsidiaries (which would include Marvell, a Bermuda company, if it becomes a subsidiary of
Delaware HoldCo). Either a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring would increase the potential for U.S. taxes on Marvell’s income by
placing its foreign subsidiaries under a U.S. corporation. As a result of a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell’s effective
corporate tax rate may increase significantly, which could adversely impact Marvell’s financial results, including earnings and cash flow, for taxable
periods after the completion of a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring. Marvell is unable to predict the impact of a Domestication or a
Holding Company Restructuring on its effective tax rate going forward, and such changes could be significant.

Tax consequences differ between a Domestication and a Holding Company Restructuring. If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication, a U.S. holder
(as defined below in the section entitled “Material United States Federal Income Tax Consequences”) who owns Marvell common shares with a fair
market value of $50,000 or more, but less than 10% of Marvell’s issued common shares (measured by either value or total combined voting power and
taking into account attribution rules), on the day of such Domestication generally would be required to recognize gain (but not loss) with respect to such
Marvell common shares as a result of such Domestication, even if the U.S. holder continued to hold the shares and notwithstanding that the U.S. holder
would not receive any cash or liquidity as a result of such Domestication. As an alternative to recognizing gain, such U.S. holder may elect to include in
income the “all earnings and profits amount” attributable to such shares as that term is defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.367(b)-2(d). Marvell
expects that it will have a material amount of earnings and profits at the effective time of a Domestication, and thus a U.S. holder’s election to include in
income the “all earnings and profits amount” may not be advantageous, depending on the U.S. holder’s tax basis and holding period for Marvell
common shares. Any U.S. holder who owns 10% or more of Marvell’s issued common shares on the day of such Domestication generally would be
required to pay taxes on a deemed dividend equal to the “all earnings and profits amount” attributable to those shares. Any U.S. holder who owns
Marvell common shares with a fair market value of less than $50,000 on the day of such Domestication generally would not recognize any gain or loss
and would not be required to include any part of the “all earnings and profits amount” in income.

If, instead of implementing a Domestication, Marvell implements a Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell expects that U.S. holders of Marvell
common shares generally would not recognize gain or loss upon the exchange of their Marvell common shares for Delaware HoldCo shares.

Individual Marvell shareholders may be subject to tax consequences in addition to, or that vary from, the potential tax consequences discussed in this
risk factor. Shareholders who fail to consult their own tax advisors could therefore be subject to unforeseen tax consequences as a result of a potential
Domestication or Holding Company Restructuring.
 

38



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 52/263

Table of Contents

FINANCIAL SUMMARY

Comparative Market Price Data for Marvell and Cavium

Marvell common shares and shares of Cavium common stock are traded on NASDAQ under the symbols “MRVL” and “CAVM,” respectively. The
following table presents trading information for Marvell common shares and Cavium common stock on November 2, 2017, the last trading day prior to
the first media report stating that Marvell and Cavium were in advanced discussions regarding a potential transaction, November 17, 2017, the last
trading day prior to the public announcement of the Merger, and January 22, 2018, the last practicable trading day prior to the filing of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus with the SEC. On February 2, 2018, the Marvell record date, there were 495,909,755 Marvell common shares issued. On
February 2, 2018, the Cavium record date, there were 69,731,912 shares of Cavium common stock issued and outstanding.
 

Date   
Marvell

Closing Price   
Cavium

Closing Price   

Estimated
Implied Value
Per Share (1)  

November 2, 2017   $ 18.28   $ 66.01   $ 79.77 
November 17, 2017   $ 20.29   $ 75.83   $ 84.14 
January 22, 2018(2)   $ 23.62   $ 89.85   $ 91.39 

 
(1) The implied value per share, as of each date, is equal to (i) $40.00, the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, plus (ii) 2.1757, the exchange

ratio for the Merger, multiplied by the closing price of one Marvell common share on such date.
(2) January 22, 2018 is the last practicable full trading day prior to the filing with the SEC of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The following table shows the high and low sales prices of Marvell common shares and Cavium common stock as reported by NASDAQ for the
indicated calendar quarters. For current price information, you are urged to consult publicly available sources.
 

For the calendar quarter ended:
  

Cavium
Common Stock    

Marvell
Common Shares  

  High    Low    High    Low  
2018         
March 31 (through January 22, 2018)   $90.83   $84.10   $24.21   $21.41 
2017         
December 31   $88.96   $65.02   $24.22   $17.85 
September 30   $70.08   $56.96   $18.67   $14.87 
June 30   $76.26   $60.10   $18.18   $14.58 
March 31   $73.01   $60.52   $16.72   $13.83 
2016         
December 31   $66.14   $50.81   $15.00   $12.30 
September 30   $58.51   $35.97   $13.56   $ 9.13 
June 30   $64.04   $35.90   $11.00   $ 9.05 
March 31   $64.92   $45.59   $10.52   $ 7.40 
2015         
December 31   $73.95   $59.45   $ 9.74   $ 7.55 
September 30   $74.24   $57.26   $13.49   $ 8.21 
June 30   $77.42   $62.32   $15.47   $13.05 
March 31   $74.26   $55.55   $16.78   $13.84 
2014         
December 31   $63.99   $38.73   $15.28   $11.65 
September 30   $56.60   $43.80   $14.74   $12.73 
June 30   $53.32   $40.13   $16.65   $14.12 
March 31   $47.47   $32.35   $16.62   $14.04 

 
39



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 53/263

Table of Contents

Marvell Dividends

On May 17, 2012, Marvell announced that Marvell’s board of directors had authorized the adoption of a quarterly cash dividend policy. Under the cash
dividend policy, holders of Marvell common shares receive dividends when and as declared by Marvell’s board of directors. In fiscal year 2017, Marvell
declared aggregate cash dividends of $0.24 per common share of Marvell, totaling $122.3 million. Marvell may modify, suspend or cancel its cash
dividend policy at any time.

The following table provides information about the quarterly dividends declared by Marvell’s board of directors in the last four fiscal years.
 

Fiscal Period in which declared:   Payment Date:    $ Per Share 
Fiscal Year 2018     

Record Date: December 27, 2017    January 16, 2018    $ 0.06 
Record Date: October 10, 2017    October 26, 2017    $ 0.06 
Record Date: July 5, 2017    July 21, 2017    $ 0.06 
Record Date: April 4, 2017    April 20, 2017    $ 0.06 

Fiscal Year 2017     
Record Date: December 6, 2016    December 28, 2016   $ 0.06 
Record Date: September 28, 2016    October 19, 2016    $ 0.06 
Record Date: June 14, 2016    July 12, 2016    $ 0.06 
Record Date: March 29, 2016    April 22, 2016    $ 0.06 

Fiscal Year 2016     
Record Date: December 16, 2015    December 29, 2015   $ 0.06 
Record Date: October 8, 2015    October 22, 2015    $ 0.06 
Record Date: June 11, 2015    July 1, 2015    $ 0.06 
Record Date: March 12, 2015    April 2, 2015    $ 0.06 

Fiscal Year 2015     
Record Date: December 11, 2014    December 29, 2014   $ 0.06 
Record Date: September 11, 2014    October 2, 2014    $ 0.06 
Record Date: June 12, 2014    July 2, 2014    $ 0.06 
Record Date: March 13, 2014    March 27, 2014    $ 0.06 

Cavium Dividends

Cavium has not paid any cash dividends with respect to Cavium common stock.

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Marvell

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data of Marvell, (i) as of and for each of the fiscal years within the five year
period ending January 28, 2017, (ii) for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 and October 29, 2016, and (iii) as of October 28, 2017.

The consolidated statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended January 28, 2017, January 30, 2016, and January 31, 2015 and the consolidated
balance sheet data as of January 28, 2017 and January 30, 2016 have been derived from Marvell’s audited consolidated financial statements included in
Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017 and incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. The consolidated statement of operations data for the fiscal years ended February 1, 2014 and February 2, 2013 and the
consolidated balance sheet data as of January 31, 2015, February 1, 2014 and February 2, 2013 have been derived from Marvell’s consolidated financial
statements for such periods, which have not been incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference.

The consolidated statement of operations data for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 and October 29, 2016 and the condensed consolidated
balance sheet data as of October 28, 2017 have been derived from Marvell’s
 

40



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 54/263

Table of Contents

unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 28, 2017,
which is incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should read the following selected financial data together with
Marvell’s “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Marvell’s historical consolidated financial
statements, including the related notes, and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.

The results of operations for the historical periods included in the following table are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for future
periods.
 
  Nine Months Ended   Fiscal Year Ended  

  
October 28,

2017   
October 29,

2016   
January 28,

2017 (1)   
January 30,

2016 (2)   
January 31,

2015   
February 1,

2014   
February 2,

2013  
  (In thousands, except per share data)  
Statement of Operations Data:      
Net Revenue  $ 1,793,761  $ 1,734,630  $ 2,317,674   $  2,649,216  $ 3,637,206  $ 3,340,717  $ 3,155,165 
Cost of goods sold   705,303   777,117   1,029,527   1,442,517   1,799,425   1,613,673   1,482,563 
Research and development   534,444   629,767   831,398   994,733   1,091,547   1,080,228   991,950 
Operating income (loss)   375,684   129,368   99,994   (775,505)   456,376   348,615   365,136 
Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax (3)   384,379   138,347   43,994   (769,155)   483,787   384,170   377,861 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of tax   87,689   (37,105)   (22,843)   (42,245)   (48,441)   (68,850)   (71,276) 
Net Income (loss)  $ 472,068  $ 101,242  $ 21,151  $ (811,400)  $ 435,346  $ 315,320  $ 306,585 
Income (loss) from continuing operations per share      
Basic  $ 0.77  $ 0.27  $ 0.09   $ (1.51)  $ 0.95  $ 0.77  $ 0.68 
Diluted  $ 0.75  $ 0.27  $ 0.09   $ (1.51)  $ 0.93  $ 0.76  $ 0.67 
Income (loss) from discontinued operations per share      
Basic  $ 0.17  $ (0.07)  $ (0.05)   $ (0.08)  $ (0.10)  $ (0.13)  $ (0.13) 
Diluted  $ 0.17  $ (0.07)  $ (0.05)   $ (0.08)  $ (0.09)  $ (0.13)  $ (0.13) 
Net income (loss) per share      
Basic  $ 0.94  $ 0.20  $ 0.04   $ (1.59)  $ 0.85  $ 0.64  $ 0.55 
Diluted  $ 0.92  $ 0.20  $ 0.04   $ (1.59)  $ 0.84  $ 0.63  $ 0.54 
Weighted Average Shares      
Basic   499,568   510,373   509,738    510,945   511,089   496,518   555,310 
Diluted   510,935   516,476   517,513    510,945   520,760   504,413   563,123 
 
   

As of Nine
Months Ended    As of the Fiscal Year Ended  

   
October 28,

2017    
January 28,

2017 (1)    
January 30,

2016 (2)    
January 31,

2015    
February 1,

2014    
February 2,

2013  
   (In thousands, except per share data)  
Balance Sheet Data:         
Cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments   $ 1,732,075   $ 1,668,360   $ 2,282,749   $ 2,529,555   $ 1,969,405   $ 1,918,990 
Working capital   $ 1,880,340   $ 1,783,914   $ 1,728,877   $ 2,746,904   $ 2,232,081   $ 2,025,739 
Total assets   $ 4,682,204   $ 4,648,650   $ 5,442,127   $ 5,844,387   $ 5,451,010   $ 5,261,764 
Shareholders’ equity   $ 4,060,949   $ 4,027,651   $ 4,140,123   $ 5,146,089   $ 4,675,910   $ 4,484,595 
Other Data:             
Cash Dividends declared per share   $ 0.18   $ 0.24   $ 0.24   $ 0.24   $ 0.24   $ 0.18 
 
(1) Fiscal 2017 includes $105.2 million of restructuring and other related charges that include $52.6 million for impairment of certain equipment, technology licenses and to fully impair a

nonrefundable deposit due to the non-utilization of the related contract. Fiscal 2017 also included $68.0 million of tax expense related to restructuring actions taken.
(2) Fiscal 2016 includes $751.4 million of charges for litigation matters recognized by Marvell including a $736.0 million charge related to the $750 million settlement reached with

Carnegie Mellon University, as well as certain other pending litigation. In addition, fiscal 2016 included $63.5 million of restructuring and other related charges that include $8.0 million
for impairment of certain equipment and technology licenses, and $8.0 million for the write down of inventory due to the restructuring of the mobile platform business, a charge for a
cash payment authorized by Marvell’s board of directors of $15.4 million to Marvell’s former chief executive officer and $11.4 million of costs for the surety bonds related to the
litigation with Carnegie Mellon University.

 
41



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 55/263

Table of Contents

(3) In May 2017, Marvell sold the assets of its LTE thin-modem business. The transaction closed on May 18, 2017. Based on the terms of the agreement, Marvell received sale consideration
of $52.9 million. The operations of the LTE business were reflected as discontinued operations during the nine-months ended October 28, 2017 and October 29, 2016 as reported in the
Form 10-Q for the period ended October 28, 2017 as filed with the SEC. The operations of the LTE business have not been retrospectively reflected as discontinued operations in the
annual periods presented above as management concluded that the impact was not material to each of these periods. Income (loss) from continuing operations net of tax, includes a loss
related to the discontinued LTE business of $30.8 million, $30.7 million, $33.0 million, $25.4 million and $44.7 million for the fiscal years ended 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013
respectively.

Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Cavium

The following table sets forth certain selected financial information for Cavium as of the end of and for the periods indicated. The selected consolidated
statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2016, 2015 and 2014 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2016 and 2015 are derived from, and qualified by reference to, the audited consolidated financial statements included in Cavium’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The
selected consolidated statements of operations data for the years ended December 31, 2013 and 2012 and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as
of December 31, 2014, 2013 and 2012 are derived from Cavium’s audited consolidated financial statements, which are not incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The selected consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and 2016,
and the selected consolidated balance sheet data as of September 30, 2017 are derived from, and qualified by reference to, Cavium’s unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements included in Cavium’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, which is
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus. You should read the summary selected financial data together with Cavium’s
“Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and Cavium’s historical consolidated financial statements,
including the related notes thereto and the other information contained or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The
historical results are not necessarily indicative of results to be expected in the future. See “Where to Obtain Additional Information” for more
information.
 

42



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 56/263

Table of Contents

  Nine Months Ended   Year Ended  
  September 30,   December 31,  
  2017   2016   2016   2015   2014   2013   2012  
  (In thousands, except per share data)  
Consolidated Statements of Operations Data:        
Net revenue  $723,657  $ 377,163  $ 603,314  $412,744  $372,978  $303,993  $ 235,480 
Cost of revenue   364,513   190,074   318,000   143,767   138,359   114,679   102,602 
Gross profit   359,144   187,089   285,314   268,977   234,619   189,314   132,878 
Operating expenses:        

Research and development   279,331   170,785   257,816   203,778   171,690   134,596   109,943 
Sales, general and administrative   124,372   120,711   161,051   78,926   70,404   64,088   71,794 
Goodwill impairment   —     —     —     —     —     —     27,680 

Total operating expenses   403,703   291,496   418,867   282,704   242,094   198,684   209,417 
Loss from operations   (44,559)   (104,407)   (133,553)   (13,727)   (7,475)   (9,370)   (76,539) 
Other expense, net:        

Interest expense   (22,679)   (4,661)   (12,734)   (1,241)   (1,472)   (1,502)   (646) 
Change in estimated fair value of notes payable and other   —     —     —     —     (14,888)   —     —   
Other, net   145   (83)   75   (410)   (347)   (879)   (157) 

Total other expense, net   (22,534)   (4,744)   (12,659)   (1,651)   (16,707)   (2,381)   (803) 
Loss before income taxes   (67,093)   (109,151)   (146,212)   (15,378)   (24,182)   (11,751)   (77,342) 
Provision for (benefit from) income taxes   716   (83,542)   997   1,682   1,633   1,937   36,321 
Net loss   (67,809)   (25,609)   (147,209)   (17,060)   (25,815)   (13,688)   (113,663) 
Net loss attributable to non-controlling interest   —     —     —     —     (10,520)   (10,723)   (1,031) 
Net loss attributable to the Company  $ (67,809)  $ (25,609)  $(147,209)  $ (17,060)  $ (15,295)  $ (2,965)  $(112,632) 

Earnings per share attributable to the Company:        
Net loss per common share, basic and diluted  $ (0.99)  $ (0.44)  $ (2.42)  $ (0.31)  $ (0.29)  $ (0.06)  $ (2.26) 
Shares used in computing basic and diluted net loss per common

share   68,175   58,840   60,883   55,589   53,451   51,596   49,886 
 
   As of    As of  
   September 30,    December 31,  
   2017    2016    2015    2014    2013    2012  
   (in thousands)  
Consolidated Balance Sheet Data:             
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 152,654   $ 221,439   $ 134,646   $ 131,718   $ 127,763   $ 76,784 
Working capital    297,811    320,883    196,772    177,453    151,071    109,682 
Total assets    1,563,680    1,650,531    433,993    408,860    367,985    331,504 

Capital lease and technology license obligations    42,828    53,413    30,466    45,896    33,395    41,332 
Current and long-term debt    597,040    679,279    —      —      13,512    5,012 
Other non-current liabilities    42,260    37,160    6,379    5,767    4,275    4,391 
Common stock and additional paid-in capital    1,157,455    1,079,110    543,312    489,035    443,641    398,184 
Total stockholders’ equity    752,946    741,844    353,900    316,683    286,584    244,092 
 

43



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 57/263

Table of Contents

SELECTED UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following table sets forth Marvell’s selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information as of October 28, 2017 and for the year
ended January 28, 2017 and the nine months ended October 28, 2017.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is based upon the historical financial statements of Marvell, after giving
effect to the Merger. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information also gives effect to the transactions undertaken to
finance the Merger. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet data as of October 28, 2017 combines the historical balance
sheet of Marvell, giving effect to the Merger, and the Financing Transactions (as defined in the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed
Combined Financial Information”), as if they had been completed on October 28, 2017. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statements of operations data for the twelve months ended January 28, 2017 and the nine months ended October 28, 2017, give effect to the Merger, the
QLogic Acquisition (as defined in the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information”) and the Financing
Transactions, as if they had occurred on January 31, 2016.

The Merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting. The pro forma adjustments reflect adjustments required under GAAP for
business combinations and are based upon, among other things, preliminary estimates of fair market values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed
and certain assumptions that we believe are reasonable. Revisions to the preliminary estimates of fair market value may have a significant impact on the
pro forma amounts of total assets, total liabilities and total shareholders’ equity, depreciation and amortization expense, interest expense and income tax
expense. The actual adjustments to Marvell’s consolidated financial statements upon the completion of the Merger will depend on a number of factors,
including additional information available and Marvell’s net assets on the closing date of the Merger. Therefore, the actual adjustments will differ from
the pro forma adjustments, and the differences may be material. The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations do not
reflect any non-recurring charges or gains that Marvell may record in connection with the Merger. However, these estimated non-recurring items will be
reflected in Marvell’s statement of operations for the period during which the Merger will take place.

The selected unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information set forth below should be read in conjunction with the information
included under the headings “The Merger Agreement,” “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information,” “Selected Historical
Consolidated Financial Data of Marvell” and “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Cavium,” as well as Marvell’s consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto, Cavium’s consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto, and QLogic’s consolidated financial
statements and related notes thereto, each of which is incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

44



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 58/263

Table of Contents

Selected Unaudited Pro Forma Statements of Operations Data and Selected Pro Forma  Balance Sheet Data
 
   Pro Forma  

   

Nine Months
Ended

October 28,
2017    

Twelve Months
Ended

January 28,
2017  

   
(In thousands, except

per share data)  
Condensed Combined Statements of Operations Data:     
Net revenue   $ 2,517,418   $ 3,199,172 
Cost of goods sold    1,210,274    1,691,787 
Research and development    865,575    1,294,210 
Operating income (loss) from continuing operations    118,520    (410,696) 
Net income (loss) from continuing operations   $ 91,156   $ (475,529) 

Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations:     
Basic   $ 0.14   $ (0.72)  
Diluted   $ 0.14   $ (0.72) 

Weighted average shares:     
Basic    651,695    661,865 
Diluted    669,876    661,865 

   Pro Forma as of     

   
October 28,

2017      
   (In thousands)      
Condensed Combined Balance Sheet Data:     
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 119,575   
Working capital    589,435   
Total assets    10,430,175   
Total shareholders’ equity   $ 7,578,500   
 

45



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 59/263

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA AND PER SHARE FINANCIAL INFORMATION

The following table reflects historical information about basic and diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing operations and cash dividends
declared per share for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017 and nine months ended October 28, 2017, in the case of Marvell, and for the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2016 and nine months ended September 30, 2017, in the case of Cavium, and the book value per common share as of October 28,
2017 in the case of Marvell and as of September 30, 2017 in the case of Cavium, in each case, on a historical basis, and for Marvell and Cavium on an
unaudited pro forma condensed combined basis after giving effect to the Merger and the Financing Transactions. The pro forma data of the combined
company assumes the Merger was complete and were derived by combining the historical consolidated financial information of Marvell and Cavium,
which also includes Cavium’s acquisition of QLogic in the period ended December 31, 2016, as described elsewhere in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. For a discussion of the assumptions and adjustments made in preparing the unaudited pro forma combined financial information
presented in this document, see “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information.”

Cavium shareholders should read the information presented in the following table together with the historical statements of Marvell, Cavium and
QLogic and the related notes, which are incorporated herein by reference, and the “Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information”
appearing elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The pro forma data are unaudited and for illustrative purposes only. Cavium shareholders
should not rely on this information as being indicative of the historical results that would have been achieved during the periods presented had the
companies always been combined or the future results that the combined company will achieve after the completion of the Merger. This pro forma
information is subject to risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in “Risk Factors.”
 

  
Marvell

Historical  
Cavium

Historical  

Pro Forma
Combined
(1) (2) (3)   

Pro Forma
Equivalent

Cavium Share (4) 
Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations for the fiscal year ended

January 28, 2017 for Marvell and the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016
for Cavium:     

Basic net income (loss) per share from continuing operations  $ 0.09  $ (2.42)  $ (0.72)  $ (1.57) 
Diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing operations  $ 0.09  $ (2.42)  $ (0.72)  $ (1.57) 
Cash dividends declared per share for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017 for

Marvell and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 for Cavium:  $ 0.24   —    $ 0.24  $ 0.52 
Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations for the nine months

ended October 28, 2017 for Marvell and the nine months ended
September 30, 2017 for Cavium:     

Basic net income (loss) per share from continuing operations  $ 0.77  $ (0.99)  $ 0.14  $ 0.30 
Diluted net income (loss) per share from continuing operations  $ 0.75  $ (0.99)  $ 0.14  $ 0.30 
Cash dividends declared per share for the nine months ended October 28, 2017

for Marvell and the nine months ended September 30, 2017 for Cavium:  $ 0.18   —    $ 0.18  $ 0.39 
Book value per common share as of October 28, 2017 for Marvell and

September 30, 2017 for Cavium:  $ 8.27  $ 10.94  $ 11.63  $ 25.30 
 
(1) Pro forma net income (loss) per share from continuing operations is based on pro forma combined net income and pro forma combined weighted

average common shares outstanding at the end of the period.
(2) Pro forma cash dividends declared per share represents Marvell’s historical cash dividends declared per share.
 

46



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 60/263

Table of Contents

(3) Pro forma book value per common share is calculated based on pro forma combined equity and pro forma combined shares outstanding at the end
of the period.

(4) The pro forma equivalent Cavium share amounts were calculated by multiplying the pro forma combined amounts by the Exchange Ratio of
2.1757. The Exchange Ratio does not include the $40 per share cash portion of the Merger Consideration.

 
47



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 61/263

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY NOTE CONCERNING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the information and other documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, contains or incorporates by reference or may contain or may incorporate by reference “forward-looking statements” that have
been made pursuant to the provisions of, and in reliance on the safe harbor under, the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including
without limitation statements regarding the benefits of the Merger, the anticipated timing of the Merger and the products and markets of each company.
These statements, which involve risks and uncertainties, relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results and
estimates of amounts not yet determinable and may also relate to future prospects, developments and business strategies. These forward-looking
statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,”
“plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are made
based on expectations and beliefs concerning future events affecting Marvell and Cavium and are subject to uncertainties and factors relating to their
respective operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond their control, that could cause their
actual results to differ materially from those matters expressed in or implied by these forward-looking statements.

The forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties. The ability of either Marvell or Cavium to predict results or actual effects of its plans
and strategies is inherently uncertain. Accordingly, actual results may differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking
statements. Some of the factors that may cause actual results or earnings to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements
include, but are not limited to, those discussed under “Risk Factors” and those discussed in the filings of each of Marvell and Cavium that are
incorporated herein by reference, including the following:
 

 •  risks related to the fluctuation of the market price of Marvell common shares prior to completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  the risk that factors other than those currently affecting the current market prices of Marvell common shares and Cavium common stock may

affect the market price of Marvell common shares after the Merger;
 

 •  the risk that the Merger disrupts current plans and operations of Cavium or Marvell;
 

 •  the risk that the Merger may not be completed in a timely manner or at all;
 

 
•  the failure to satisfy the conditions to the completion of the Merger, including the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the shareholders of

Cavium, the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the shareholders of Marvell, and the receipt of required governmental and regulatory
approvals;

 

 

•  the risk that in order to facilitate the satisfaction of any of the conditions to the completion of the Merger relating to regulatory matters,
Marvell may commit to change its place of domicile or organization from Bermuda to Delaware or become a wholly owned subsidiary of a
new corporation incorporated in Delaware, either of which would alter shareholders’ rights and may have significant adverse tax
consequences;

 

 •  risks that the business relationships of Marvell and Cavium may be subject to disruption due to uncertainty associated with the Merger;
 

 
•  risks that Marvell will not be able to secure the funds necessary to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration and refinance certain of

Marvell’s and Cavium’s existing indebtedness on acceptable terms, in a timely manner or at all;
 

 •  the effect or outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted in connection with the Merger Agreement or the Merger;
 

 
•  risks related to Marvell’s ability to realize the benefits expected from the Merger, including its ability to realize anticipated cost synergies in

the timeframe anticipated or at all;
 

48



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 62/263

Table of Contents

 •  the ability of Marvell to successfully integrate Cavium’s operations and product lines;
 

 •  the risk of downturns in the highly cyclical semiconductor industry;
 

 •  the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  risks related to the retention of employees and protection of intellectual property of Marvell and Cavium; and
 

 •  risks related to Marvell’s incurrence of indebtedness in connection with the Merger.

Because these forward-looking statements are subject to assumptions and uncertainties, actual results might differ materially from those expressed or
implied by these forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these statements, which speak only as of the date of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus or the date of any document incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the Merger or other matters addressed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
and attributable to Marvell or Cavium or any person acting on their behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary notes contained or
referred to in this section. Except to the extent required by applicable law or regulation, Marvell and Cavium undertake no obligation to update these
forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. Neither Marvell nor Cavium gives any assurance that either Marvell or Cavium will achieve its expectations.
 

49



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 63/263

Table of Contents

THE MARVELL GENERAL MEETING

Overview

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being provided to Marvell shareholders as part of a solicitation of proxies by the Marvell board of directors for
use at the general meeting of Marvell shareholders and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is first
being furnished to shareholders of Marvell on or about February 7, 2018. In addition, this joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes a prospectus for
Marvell in connection with the Marvell Share Issuance.

Date, Time and Place of the Marvell General Meeting

The general meeting of Marvell shareholders will be held at the offices of Marvell Semiconductor, Inc. located at 5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara,
California 95054, on March 16, 2018 at 1:00 p.m. local time, unless adjourned or postponed to a later date or time.

Purposes of the Marvell General Meeting

At the Marvell general meeting, Marvell shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:
 

 •  the proposal to approve the Marvell Share Issuance; and
 

 •  the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. Marvell shareholders are encouraged to read the
Merger Agreement in its entirety.

THE MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE MARVELL GENERAL MEETING ARE OF GREAT IMPORTANCE TO MARVELL
SHAREHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, MARVELL SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE
INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND TO COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND PROMPTLY
RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD(S) IN THE ENCLOSED, PRE-ADDRESSED, POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE.

The Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that Marvell shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of Marvell Share Issuance and
“FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

Record Date; Issued Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote

The record date for the Marvell general meeting is February 2, 2018. This means that you must be a shareholder of record of Marvell common shares at
the close of business on February 2, 2018, in order to vote at the Marvell general meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each Marvell common share
you own. At the close of business on the Marvell record date, there were 495,909,755 Marvell common shares issued and entitled to vote, held by
approximately 418 holders of record.

Quorum and Vote Required

A quorum of Marvell shareholders is required to transact business at the Marvell general meeting. A quorum for the Marvell general meeting is the
presence of holders representing in person or by proxy in excess of 50% of the total issued voting shares of Marvell throughout the Marvell general
meeting. Abstentions and broker non-votes are counted for the purpose of determining the presence or absence of a quorum. Marvell’s transfer
agent, American
 

50



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 64/263

Table of Contents

Stock Transfer and Trust Company, will act as inspector of elections at the Marvell general meeting and will ascertain whether a quorum is present,
tabulate the votes and determine the voting results on all matters presented to the Marvell shareholders at the Marvell general meeting. If a quorum is
not present, the Marvell general meeting will stand adjourned as may be determined by Marvell’s board of directors in accordance with its Bye-laws in
order to permit the further solicitation of proxies or votes. At any subsequent reconvening of the Marvell general meeting, all proxies will be voted in
the same manner as the proxies would have been voted at the original convening of the Marvell general meeting, except for any proxies that have been
effectively revoked or withdrawn prior to the reconvening of the Marvell general meeting.

For shares held in “street name,” your bank, broker or other nominee will not be permitted to vote at the Marvell general meeting without specific
instructions as to how to vote from you as the beneficial owner of Marvell common shares. Broker non-votes will be entirely excluded from the vote and
will have no effect on the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.
 

 

•  Required vote to approve the Marvell Share Issuance. Approval of the Marvell Share Issuance requires the affirmative vote of a majority of
the Marvell common shares represented in person or by proxy at the Marvell general meeting at which a quorum is present, which, under
legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, excludes abstentions and broker non-votes, if any,
which will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance. An abstention occurs when a Marvell shareholder
attends the Marvell general meeting in person or is represented at the Marvell general meeting by proxy and abstains from voting. Shares not
in attendance and not represented by proxy at the Marvell general meeting will have no effect on the vote on the Marvell Share Issuance,
provided that a quorum is present.

 

 

•  Required vote to approve the Marvell Adjournment Proposal. Approval of the Marvell Adjournment Proposal requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the Marvell common shares represented in person or by proxy at the Marvell general meeting regardless of whether a
quorum is present. Under legal principles understood by Marvell’s Bermuda counsel to be applicable in Bermuda, abstentions and broker
non-votes, if any, will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Adjournment Proposal. Shares not in attendance and not
represented by proxy at the Marvell general meeting will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

Share Ownership and Voting by Marvell’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date for the Marvell general meeting, Marvell’s directors and executive officers had the right to vote
approximately 34,168,030 Marvell common shares at the Marvell general meeting, collectively representing approximately 6.9% of Marvell common
shares issued and entitled to vote on that date. We currently expect that Marvell’s directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the
approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and “FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

How to Vote

You may vote your Marvell common shares in person at the Marvell general meeting or by submitting a proxy (including proxies received by telephone
or over the Internet). Marvell recommends that you submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Marvell general meeting. If you submit your proxy,
you may change your vote if you attend and vote at the Marvell general meeting. However, mere attendance at the Marvell general meeting will not
automatically revoke your previously submitted proxy.

Owners of record (that is, shareholders of record who hold Marvell common shares in their own name, as opposed to through a bank, broker or other
nominee), as of the close of business on the Marvell record date, may vote in person at the Marvell general meeting or by proxy. This means that you
may use the enclosed proxy card(s) to instruct the persons named as proxies how to vote your shares. If you properly complete, sign and date your proxy
card(s) or submit your voting instructions by telephone or over the Internet, your shares will be voted in accordance with your instructions. The named
proxies will vote all shares at the Marvell general meeting for
 

51



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 65/263

Table of Contents

which proxies have been properly submitted (whether by mail, telephone or over the Internet) and not revoked. Owners of record have three ways to
vote by proxy:
 

 
•  Internet: You can submit your proxy over the Internet at the Internet address shown on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter

your Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that
will be given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy over the Internet, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Telephone: You can submit your proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free number on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter

your Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that
will be given to you to record your vote. If you submit your proxy by telephone, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Mail: You can submit your proxy by mail by simply signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included

with this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

If you sign and return your proxy card(s) but do not mark your card(s) to instruct the proxies how to vote your shares on each proposal, your shares will
be voted as recommended by the Marvell board of directors.

The deadline for voting electronically through the Internet or by telephone is 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on March 15, 2018.

Shares Held in “Street Name”

Marvell shareholders who hold Marvell common shares in a stock brokerage account or through a bank, broker or other nominee (“street name”
shareholders) who wish to vote at the Marvell general meeting should be provided a voting instruction form by the institution that holds their shares. If
this has not occurred, contact the institution that holds your shares.

A number of banks and brokerage firms participate in a program that also permits shareholders whose shares are held in “street name” to direct their
vote by telephone or over the Internet. If your common shares are held in an account at a bank or brokerage firm that participates in such a program, you
may direct the vote of these shares by telephone or over the Internet by following the voting instructions enclosed with the proxy form from the bank or
brokerage firm. The Internet and telephone proxy procedures are designed to authenticate shareholders’ identities, to allow shareholders to give their
proxy voting instructions and to confirm that those instructions have been properly recorded. Generally, votes directed by telephone or over the Internet
through such a program must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on March 15, 2018. However, please follow the instructions included on the voting
instruction form. Directing the voting of your shares will not affect your right to vote in person if you decide to attend the Marvell general meeting;
however, you must first obtain a signed and properly executed legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares held in “street
name” at the Marvell general meeting. Requesting a legal proxy prior to the deadline described above will automatically cancel any voting directions
you have previously given by telephone or over the Internet with respect to your shares.

With respect to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance and the Marvell Adjournment Proposal, for shares held in “street name,” if you do not
instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares, your bank, broker or other nominee will not be authorized to vote, and will not
vote your shares. This will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell Adjournment
Proposal.

If you abstain from voting with respect to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell Adjournment Proposal, your abstention will be
entirely excluded from the vote and will have no effect on the outcome of the vote on the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell
Adjournment Proposal.

If you do not vote your shares, either in person at the Marvell general meeting or by proxy, your failure to vote will have no effect on the outcome of the
vote on the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.
 

52



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 66/263

Table of Contents

Revoking Your Proxy

If you are the owner of record as of the close of business on the Marvell record date, you may change or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted
at the Marvell general meeting by:
 

 
•  sending a written notice to Marvell’s registered office at Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda, Attn: Assistant

Secretary, bearing a date later than the date of the proxy that is received prior to the Marvell general meeting and stating that you revoke
your proxy;

 

 •  signing, dating and delivering a new valid proxy card(s) bearing a later date that is received prior to the Marvell general meeting;
 

 •  submitting your voting instructions again by telephone or over the Internet by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on March 15, 2018; or
 

 
•  attending the Marvell general meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the Marvell general meeting will not, by itself, revoke a

proxy.

If you are a “street name” shareholder and submitted voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, please refer to the instructions provided
by your broker, bank or other nominee on how to change your vote.

Tabulation of the Votes

Each Marvell common share held by a shareholder as of the Marvell record date will be entitled to one vote. All votes will be tabulated by American
Stock Transfer and Trust Company, which will act as the inspector of elections at the Marvell general meeting. It will ascertain whether a quorum is
present, tabulate the votes and determine the voting results on all matters presented to the Marvell shareholders at the Marvell general meeting. Voting at
the meeting will be taken on a poll in accordance with Marvell’s Bye-laws.

Other Voting Matters

Voting in Person

If you plan to attend the Marvell general meeting and wish to vote in person, Marvell will give you a ballot at the general meeting. To help ensure your
shares are voted, Marvell recommends that you submit your proxy or voting instruction form anyway. If you are a shareholder of record, please bring a
form of personal identification to be admitted to the meeting. If your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee and you plan to
attend the meeting, you must present proof of your beneficial ownership of those shares as of the Marvell record date, such as a bank or brokerage
account statement or letter, together with a form of personal identification, to be admitted to the Marvell general meeting.

However, if your shares are held in “street name,” you must first obtain from your bank, broker or other nominee a legal proxy authorizing you to vote
the shares in person, which you must bring with you to the Marvell general meeting.

Electronic Access to Proxy Materials

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is available on Marvell’s Internet site at http://investor.marvell.com and
http://marvellcavium.transactionannouncement.com.

Individuals with Disabilities

Marvell can provide you with reasonable assistance to help you to participate in the Marvell general meeting if you tell Marvell about your disability
and how you plan to attend. Please write to 5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054 Attention: Investor Relations, or call Marvell’s Investor
Relations department at (408) 222-0777, at least two weeks before the Marvell general meeting.
 

53



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 67/263

Table of Contents

Proxy Solicitations

Marvell is soliciting proxies for the Marvell general meeting from Marvell shareholders. This proxy is being solicited on behalf of Marvell’s board of
directors. Marvell will pay the cost of distributing this joint proxy statement/prospectus and related materials. In addition to this mailing, Marvell’s
directors, officers and other staff members (who will not receive any additional compensation for their services) may solicit proxies personally, and by
telephone, facsimile, courier service, mail, email, press release or advertisement (including on television, radio, newspapers or other publications of
general distribution) or over the Internet. The extent to which this will be necessary depends upon how promptly proxies are returned. Marvell urges
you to send in your proxy without delay. Innisfree M&A Incorporated has been engaged to aid in the distribution and solicitation of proxies. Marvell
will pay Innisfree M&A Incorporated a fee of approximately $25,000 for these services, plus a reasonable amount to cover expenses. Marvell has agreed
to indemnify Innisfree M&A Incorporated against certain liabilities arising out of or in connection with this engagement. Marvell and its proxy solicitors
will also request that banks, brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries send proxy materials to the beneficial owners of Marvell
common shares and will, if requested, reimburse them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in doing so.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or you have questions regarding the Marvell general meeting, you should contact the following:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
Attention: Investor Relations
c/o Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.
5488 Marvell Lane
Santa Clara, California 95054
Phone: 408-222-0777
ir@marvell.com

or

Innisfree M&A Incorporated
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor
New York, NY 10022

Shareholders may call toll free: (888) 750-5834
Banks and Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833
 

54



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 68/263

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 1

THE MARVELL SHARE ISSUANCE

As discussed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Marvell shareholders are being asked to consider and vote on the proposal to approve the Marvell
Share Issuance in connection with the Merger pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/ prospectus. The approval of this proposal by the shareholders of Marvell is a condition to the completion of the Merger.

You should read carefully this joint proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety for more detailed information concerning the proposed Marvell Share
Issuance and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger.

AFTER CAREFUL CONSIDERATION, THE MARVELL BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE MERGER AND THE MARVELL SHARE
ISSUANCE, AND HAS DETERMINED THAT THE MERGER AND THE MARVELL SHARE ISSUANCE ARE FAIR TO, AND IN THE
BEST INTERESTS OF, MARVELL AND ITS SHAREHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, THE MARVELL BOARD OF DIRECTORS
UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT MARVELL SHAREHOLDERS VOTE “FOR” THE APPROVAL OF THE MARVELL SHARE
ISSUANCE, AND YOUR PROPERLY SIGNED AND DATED PROXY WILL BE SO VOTED UNLESS YOU SPECIFY OTHERWISE.
 

55



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 69/263

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 2

THE MARVELL ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL

Marvell shareholders may be asked to vote on the Marvell Adjournment Proposal, if necessary or appropriate, to permit further solicitation of proxies if
there are not sufficient votes at the time of the Marvell general meeting to approve the Marvell Share Issuance.

The Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that Marvell shareholders vote “FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal, and your properly
signed and dated proxy will be so voted unless you specify otherwise.

Please note that pursuant to Section 41 of Marvell’s Bye-laws, the chairman of a general meeting may, with the consent of the shareholders at any
general meeting at which a quorum is present (and shall if so directed by the shareholders), adjourn the meeting. In addition, the chairman may adjourn
the meeting to another time and place without such consent or direction if it appears to him or her that:
 

 
(a) it is likely to be impracticable to hold or continue that meeting because of the number of shareholders wishing to attend who are not present;

or
 

 
(b) the unruly conduct of persons attending the meeting prevents, or is likely to prevent, the orderly continuation of the business of the meeting;

or
 

 (c) an adjournment is otherwise necessary so that the business of the meeting may be properly conducted.

Unless the meeting is adjourned to a specific date and time, new notice of the date, time and place for the resumption of the adjourned meeting shall be
given to each shareholder in accordance with Marvell’s Bye-laws. If a quorum is not present at the Marvell general meeting within half an hour from the
time appointed for the meeting, Section 40 of Marvell’s Bye-laws requires that the meeting be adjourned to the same day one week later, at the same
time and place or to such other day, time or place as Marvell’s board of directors may determine.

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, Marvell must obtain Cavium’s consent before postponing or adjourning the Marvell
general meeting. For more information, see “The Merger Agreement—Shareholder Meetings; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.”
 

56



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 70/263

Table of Contents

THE CAVIUM SPECIAL MEETING

Overview

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is being provided to Cavium shareholders as part of a solicitation of proxies by the Cavium board of directors for
use at the Cavium special meeting and at any adjournments or postponements thereof. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is first being furnished to
shareholders of Cavium on or about February 7, 2018. In addition, this joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes a prospectus for Marvell in
connection with the issuance by Marvell of its common shares pursuant to the Merger Agreement.

Date, Time and Place of the Cavium Special Meeting

The Cavium special meeting will be held at Cavium’s headquarters, located at 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, on March 16, 2018, at
10:00 a.m., local time, unless adjourned or postponed to a later date or time.

Purposes of the Cavium Special Meeting

At the Cavium special meeting, Cavium shareholders will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:
 

 •  the Merger Proposal;
 

 •  the Cavium Adjournment Proposal; and
 

 •  the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal.

A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached to this joint proxy statement/prospectus as Annex A. Cavium shareholders are encouraged to read the
Merger Agreement in its entirety.

THE MATTERS TO BE CONSIDERED AT THE CAVIUM SPECIAL MEETING ARE OF GREAT IMPORTANCE TO CAVIUM
SHAREHOLDERS. ACCORDINGLY, CAVIUM SHAREHOLDERS ARE URGED TO READ AND CAREFULLY CONSIDER THE
INFORMATION PRESENTED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, AND TO COMPLETE, DATE, SIGN AND PROMPTLY
RETURN THE ENCLOSED PROXY CARD(S) IN THE ENCLOSED PRE-ADDRESSED POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE.

The Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal; “FOR” the Cavium Adjournment
Proposal; and “FOR” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal.

Record Date; Outstanding Shares; Shares Entitled to Vote

The record date for the Cavium special meeting is February 2, 2018. This means that you must be a holder of record of Cavium common stock at the
close of business on February 2, 2018, in order to vote at the Cavium special meeting. You are entitled to one vote for each share of Cavium common
stock you own. At the close of business on the Cavium record date, there were 69,731,912 shares of Cavium common stock outstanding and entitled to
vote, held by approximately 166 holders of record.

A complete list of Cavium shareholders entitled to vote at the Cavium special meeting will be available for inspection at the principal place of business
of Cavium during regular business hours for a period of no less than ten days before the Cavium special meeting and at the place of the Cavium special
meeting during the meeting.

Quorum and Vote Required

The presence in person or by proxy of a majority of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock entitled to vote will constitute a quorum for the
transaction of business at the Cavium special meeting.
 

57



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 71/263

Table of Contents

The votes required for each proposal are as follows:
 

 
•  Required vote to approve the Merger Proposal. Approval of the Merger Proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the

outstanding shares of Cavium common stock entitled to vote at the Cavium special meeting. Accordingly, abstentions, broker non-votes
and shares not represented at the Cavium special meeting will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal.

 

 

•  Required vote to approve the Cavium Adjournment Proposal. Approval of the Cavium Adjournment Proposal requires an affirmative vote of
a majority of the shares present in person, by remote communication, or represented by proxy and entitled to vote at the Cavium special
meeting, regardless of whether a quorum is present. Accordingly, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
Cavium Adjournment Proposal, while broker non-votes and shares not represented at the Cavium special meeting will have no
effect on the Cavium Adjournment Proposal.

 

 

•  Required vote to approve the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal. Approval of the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal
requires an affirmative vote of a majority of the shares present in person, by remote communication, or represented by proxy and entitled to
vote, assuming a quorum is present. Accordingly, abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Cavium Non-
Binding Compensation Proposal, while broker non-votes and shares not represented at the Cavium special meeting will have no
effect on the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, provided that a quorum is present. The Cavium Non-Binding
Compensation Proposal is advisory, and therefore not binding on Cavium, Cavium’ compensation committee or the Cavium board of
directors. Further, the arrangements are contractual in nature and not, by their terms, subject to shareholder approval. Accordingly,
regardless of the outcome of the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, if the Merger is completed, Cavium’s named executive
officers may be or become entitled to receive the compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger in accordance with the
terms and conditions applicable to those payments.

Share Ownership and Voting by Cavium’s Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on the record date for the Cavium special meeting, Cavium’s directors and executive officers had the right to vote approximately
2,303,909 shares of the then-outstanding Cavium voting stock at the Cavium special meeting, collectively representing approximately 3.3% of the
Cavium common stock outstanding and entitled to vote on that date. We currently expect that Cavium’s directors and executive officers will vote their
shares “FOR” the Merger Proposal, “FOR” the Cavium Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal. Mr. Ali
has entered into a voting agreement with Marvell to vote his 1,786,745 shares of Cavium common stock at the Cavium special meeting “FOR” the
Merger Proposal and “FOR” the Cavium Adjournment Proposal.

How to Vote

You may vote your shares of Cavium common stock in person at the Cavium special meeting, by remote communication or by proxy. Cavium
recommends that you submit your proxy even if you plan to attend the Cavium special meeting. If you submit your proxy, you may change your vote if
you attend and vote at the Cavium special meeting; however, mere attendance at the Cavium special meeting will have no effect on your vote.

Owners of record (that is, shareholders of record who hold shares of Cavium common stock in their own name, as opposed to through a bank, broker or
other nominee) as of the close of business on the Cavium record date, may vote in person at the Cavium special meeting, by remote communication or
by proxy. This means that you may use the enclosed proxy card(s) to tell the persons named as proxies how to vote your shares. If you properly
complete, sign and date your proxy card(s) or submit your voting instructions by telephone or over the Internet, your shares will be voted in accordance
with your instructions. The named proxies will vote all shares at the
 

58



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 72/263

Table of Contents

Cavium special meeting for which proxies have been properly submitted (whether by mail, telephone or over the Internet) and not revoked. Owners of
record have three ways to vote by proxy:
 

 
•  Internet: You can submit a proxy over the Internet at the Internet address shown on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter your

Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that will be
given to you to record your vote. If you submit a proxy over the Internet, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Telephone: You can submit a proxy by telephone by calling the toll-free number on your proxy card(s). You will be prompted to enter your

Control Number from your proxy card. This number will identify you as a shareholder of record. Follow the simple instructions that will be
given to you to record your vote. If you submit a proxy by telephone, do not return your proxy card(s).

 

 
•  Mail: You can submit a proxy by mail by simply signing, dating and mailing your proxy card(s) in the postage-paid envelope included with

this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

If you sign and return your proxy card(s) but do not mark your card(s) to tell the proxies how to vote your shares on each proposal, your shares will be
voted as recommended by the Cavium board of directors.

The deadline for voting electronically through the Internet or by telephone is 11:59 p.m., Eastern time on March 15, 2018.

Shares Held in “Street Name”

Cavium shareholders who hold shares of Cavium common stock in a stock brokerage account or through a bank, broker or other nominee (“street name”
shareholders) who wish to vote at the Cavium special meeting should be provided a voting instruction form by the institution that holds their shares. If
this has not occurred, contact the institution that holds your shares. A number of banks and brokerage firms participate in a program that also permits
“street name” shareholders to direct their vote by telephone or over the Internet. If your shares are held in an account at a bank or brokerage firm that
participates in such a program, you may direct the vote of these shares by telephone or over the Internet by following the voting instructions enclosed
with the proxy form from the bank or brokerage firm. The Internet and telephone proxy procedures are designed to authenticate shareholders’ identities,
to allow shareholders to give their proxy voting instructions and to confirm that those instructions have been properly recorded. Votes directed by
telephone or over the Internet through such a program must be received by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time, on March 15, 2018. Directing the voting of your
shares will not affect your right to vote in person if you decide to attend the Cavium special meeting; however, you must first obtain a signed and
properly executed legal proxy from your bank, broker or other nominee to vote your shares held in “street name” at the Cavium special meeting.
Requesting a legal proxy prior to the deadline described above will automatically cancel any voting directions you have previously given by telephone
or over the Internet with respect to your shares.

With respect to the Merger Proposal, the Cavium Adjournment Proposal and the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, for shares held in “street
name,” if you do not instruct your bank, broker or other nominee how to vote your shares, your bank, broker or other nominee will not be authorized to
vote, and a broker non-vote will occur. A broker non-vote will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger Proposal, but will have no effect
on the Cavium Adjournment Proposal and will have no effect on the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal (provided that a quorum is present).

If you abstain from voting with respect to the Merger Proposal, the Cavium Adjournment Proposal or the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal,
your abstention will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” such proposal.

If you do not vote your shares, either in person at the Cavium special meeting or by proxy, your failure to vote will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Merger Proposal, but will have no effect on the Cavium
 

59



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 73/263

Table of Contents

Adjournment Proposal and will have no effect on the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal (provided that a quorum is present).

Revoking Your Proxy

If you are the owner of record as of the close of business on the Cavium record date, you may change or revoke your proxy at any time before it is voted
at the Cavium special meeting by:
 

 
•  sending a written notice to Cavium at 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, Attention: Secretary, bearing a date later than the

date of the proxy that is received prior to the Cavium special meeting and stating that you revoke your proxy;
 

 •  signing, dating and delivering a new valid proxy card(s) bearing a later date that is received prior to the Cavium special meeting;
 

 •  submitting your voting instructions again by telephone or over the Internet by 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on March 15, 2018; or
 

 
•  attending the Cavium special meeting and voting in person, although attendance at the Cavium special meeting will not, by itself, revoke a

proxy.

If you are a “street name” shareholder and submitted voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, please refer to the instructions provided
by your broker, bank or other nominee on how to change your vote.

Tabulation of the Votes

Each Cavium share held by a shareholder as of the Cavium record date will be entitled to one vote. All votes will be tabulated by the inspector of
elections appointed for the Cavium special meeting, who will count the votes, determine the existence of a quorum, validity of proxies and ballots, and
certify the results of the voting.

Other Voting Matters

Voting in Person

If you plan to attend the Cavium special meeting and wish to vote in person, Cavium will give you a ballot at the special meeting. To help ensure your
shares are voted, Cavium recommends that you submit your proxy or voting instruction form anyway. If you are a shareholder of record, please bring a
form of personal identification to be admitted to the meeting. If your shares are held in the name of your broker, bank or other nominee and you plan to
attend the meeting, you must present proof of your beneficial ownership of those shares as of the Cavium record date, such as a bank or brokerage
account statement or letter, together with a form of personal identification, to be admitted to the Cavium special meeting.

However, if your shares are held in “street name,” you must first obtain from your bank, broker or other nominee a legal proxy authorizing you to vote
the shares in person, which you must bring with you to the Cavium special meeting.

Electronic Access to Proxy Materials

This joint proxy statement/prospectus is available on Cavium’s Internet site at http://investor.caviumnetworks.com and
http://marvellcavium.transactionannouncement.com.

Individuals with Disabilities

Cavium can provide you with reasonable assistance to help you to participate in the Cavium special meeting if you tell Cavium about your disability and
how you plan to attend. Please write to Cavium’s Investor Relations
 

60



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 74/263

Table of Contents

department, at Cavium, Inc., 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, Attention: Investor Relations, or call Cavium’s Investor Relations
department at (408) 943-7417, at least two weeks before the Cavium special meeting.

Proxy Solicitations

Cavium is soliciting proxies for the Cavium special meeting from Cavium shareholders. Cavium will bear the entire cost of soliciting proxies from
Cavium shareholders. In addition to this mailing, Cavium’s directors, officers and employees (who will not receive any additional compensation for their
services) may solicit proxies personally, and by telephone, facsimile, courier service, mail, email, press release or advertisement (including on television,
radio, newspapers or other publications of general distribution) or over the Internet. The extent to which this will be necessary depends upon how
promptly proxies are returned. Cavium urges you to send in your proxy without delay. MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (“MacKenzie”), has been engaged
to aid in the distribution and solicitation of proxies. Cavium will pay MacKenzie a fee estimated not to exceed $25,000 plus a reasonable amount to
cover expenses. Cavium has agreed to indemnify MacKenzie against certain liabilities arising out of or in connection with this engagement. Cavium and
its proxy solicitors will also request that banks, brokerage houses and other custodians, nominees and fiduciaries send proxy materials to the beneficial
owners of Cavium common stock and will, if requested, reimburse them for their reasonable out-of-pocket expenses in doing so.

Cavium shareholders should not submit any stock certificates with their proxy cards.

Cavium shareholders will not need to send in their share certificates or surrender their book-entry shares with their proxy cards. A transmittal form with
instructions for the surrender of certificates representing shares of common stock or book-entry shares of common stock, as applicable, will be mailed to
Cavium shareholders assuming the Merger is completed.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding Cavium’s special meeting, you should contact:

MacKenzie Partners, Inc.
105 Madison Avenue
New York, New York 10016
Banks and brokers may call collect: (212) 929-5500
All others may call toll-free: (800) 322-2885
 

61



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 75/263

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 1

THE MERGER PROPOSAL

As discussed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Cavium shareholders are being asked to consider and vote on the Merger Proposal. You should
read carefully this joint proxy statement/prospectus in its entirety for more detailed information concerning the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including the Merger. In particular, you are directed to the Merger Agreement, which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

AFTER CAREFUL CONSIDERATION, THE CAVIUM BOARD OF DIRECTORS HAS UNANIMOUSLY APPROVED THE MERGER
AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE MERGER, AND HAS DETERMINED
THAT THE MERGER AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, INCLUDING THE MERGER, ARE
FAIR TO, ADVISABLE AND IN THE BEST INTERESTS OF CAVIUM AND THE SHAREHOLDERS OF CAVIUM, RESPECTIVELY.
ACCORDINGLY, THE CAVIUM BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY RECOMMENDS THAT CAVIUM SHAREHOLDERS VOTE
“FOR” THE ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT, AND YOUR PROPERLY SIGNED AND DATED PROXY WILL BE SO
VOTED UNLESS YOU SPECIFY OTHERWISE.
 

62



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 76/263

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 2

THE CAVIUM ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL

Cavium shareholders may be asked to vote on the Cavium Adjournment Proposal to adjourn the Cavium special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, to
permit further solicitation of proxies if there are not sufficient votes at the time of the Cavium special meeting to approve the Merger Proposal.

The Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” the Cavium Adjournment Proposal, and your properly
signed and dated proxy will be so voted unless you specify otherwise.

Please note that pursuant to Article III, Section 9 of Cavium’s bylaws, the shareholders entitled to vote thereon and present in person or by remote
communication, or represented by proxy are authorized to adjourn the Cavium special meeting by the vote of the majority of the shares present in
person, by remote communication, or represented by proxy at the meeting. Additionally, Article III, Section 9 of Cavium’s bylaws generally authorizes
the chairman of a special meeting to adjourn the meeting for any or no reason if a quorum is present, and Article III, Section 8 of Cavium’s bylaws
authorizes the chairman of a meeting or the shareholders by a vote of the holders of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting, to adjourn a
special meeting if a quorum is not present.

Unless the meeting is adjourned to a specific date and time, new notice of the date, time and place for the resumption of the adjourned meeting shall be
given to each shareholder in accordance with Cavium’s bylaws.

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, Cavium must obtain Marvell’s consent before postponing or adjourning the Cavium
special meeting. For more information see “The Merger Agreement—Shareholder Meetings; Proxy Statement/Prospectus.”
 

63



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 77/263

Table of Contents

PROPOSAL 3

THE CAVIUM NON-BINDING COMPENSATION PROPOSAL

Section 14A of the Exchange Act, which was enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, requires that
Cavium shareholders be provided with the opportunity to vote to approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, the payment of certain compensation that
will or may become payable by Cavium to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger, as disclosed in the section of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus entitled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Golden Parachute Compensation”
beginning on page 128.

Cavium is asking its shareholders to indicate their approval, on an advisory, non-binding basis, of the compensation that will or may become payable by
Cavium to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger. These payments are set forth in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of
Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Golden Parachute Compensation” beginning on page 128 of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. Certain plans and arrangements pursuant to which these compensation payments may be made formed part of Cavium’s overall
compensation program for its named executive officers, and have previously been disclosed to Cavium’s shareholders as part of the Compensation
Discussion and Analysis and related sections of its annual proxy statements. The compensation committee of the Cavium board of directors, which is
composed solely of non-employee directors, believes the compensatory arrangements to be reasonable.

The Cavium board of directors encourages Cavium shareholders to review carefully the named executive officer Merger-related compensation
information disclosed in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the
following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the shareholders of Cavium, Inc. approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation that will or may become payable by
Cavium to its named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the
section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Golden Parachute Compensation” in the joint
proxy statement/prospectus for the shareholder meeting.”

This resolution requires the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of Cavium common stock present in person, by remote
communication, or represented by proxy and entitled to vote on the matter. Cavium shareholders should note that this proposal is not a condition to
completion of the Merger, and as an advisory vote, the result will not be binding on Cavium, the board of directors of Cavium, or Marvell. Further, the
arrangements are contractual in nature and not, by their terms, subject to shareholder approval. Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of the Cavium
Non-Binding Compensation Proposal, if the Merger is completed, Cavium’s named executive officers may be or become entitled to receive the
compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the Merger in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to those payments, as described
under the section titled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger—Golden Parachute Compensation.”

The board of directors of Cavium believes that the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal is in the best interests of Cavium and Cavium
shareholders and unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the proposal to approve, by non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may
become payable by Cavium to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger.
 

64



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 78/263

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

Overview

The Marvell board of directors and the Cavium board of directors have each approved the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell will merge with and into Cavium, with Cavium continuing as the surviving corporation in
the Merger and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, each share of Cavium common stock will be canceled and extinguished and automatically converted
into the right to receive 2.1757 Marvell common shares and $40.00 in cash, without interest.

Background of the Merger

Each of Cavium’s and Marvell’s board of directors and senior management team regularly review their company’s performance, future growth prospects
and overall strategic direction and consider potential opportunities to strengthen their company’s businesses and enhance shareholder value, including
the review of their company’s strategy as a stand-alone company and potential opportunities for business combinations, acquisitions and other financial
and strategic alternatives.

From time to time, Syed Ali, the Co-Founder, President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Cavium, and Matt Murphy,
the President and Chief Executive Officer of Marvell, discussed generally Cavium’s and Marvell’s industry and respective businesses, as well as
potential partnering opportunities.

On March 27, 2017, Mr. Ali met in person with Mr. Murphy and discussed potential partnering opportunities through product combinations for reference
designs. At this meeting, the possibility of a potential strategic transaction between Marvell and Cavium was first raised by Mr. Murphy. No price or
other specific terms were discussed at this meeting.

On or about April 13, 2017, Mr. Ali and Mr. Murphy had a telephone call to further discuss potential partnering opportunities, including the possibility
of a potential strategic transaction.

In late May 2017, Gary Ignatin, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development of Marvell, contacted a representative of Goldman Sachs to discuss the
potential engagement of Goldman Sachs as financial advisor to Marvell in connection with Marvell’s evaluation of certain potential strategic
transactions, including a potential transaction between Marvell and Cavium.

In early June 2017, Marvell contacted a representative of Hogan Lovells US LLP (“Hogan Lovells”) to discuss the potential engagement of Hogan
Lovells as outside counsel to Marvell in connection with Marvell’s evaluation of certain potential strategic transactions, including a potential transaction
between Marvell and Cavium.

On June 12, 2017, Mr. Ali met in person with Mr. Murphy and further discussed the idea of a potential strategic transaction between Marvell and
Cavium, including a discussion of the potential benefits of a transaction to both companies.

Between June 13, 2017 and November 17, 2017, Mr. Ali had discussions with various members of Cavium’s board of directors regarding Marvell’s
potential interest in a strategic transaction and engaging financial advisors to help evaluate a potential strategic transaction with Marvell or other
potentially interested parties, and received strategic advice and input from directors as discussions between representatives of Marvell and
representatives of Cavium progressed.
 

65



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 79/263

Table of Contents

On June 16, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. During this meeting, Mr. Ignatin discussed recent developments in
the semiconductor industry and reviewed potential opportunities for strategic transactions. Mr. Ignatin discussed Cavium’s financial performance,
products and technology and discussed the strategic rationale for a potential strategic transaction with Cavium as well as potential valuation matters.
Following the discussion, Marvell’s board of directors authorized Marvell’s management to pursue a potential strategic transaction with Cavium and
submit a preliminary non-binding proposal to acquire Cavium.

On July 18, 2017, Mr. Ali and Mr. Murphy met in person. Mr. Murphy discussed the concept of an “illustrative” potential strategic transaction where
Marvell would purchase all of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock at a price of $72 per share. The discussion included multiple scenarios
on the potential mix of cash and stock, including a scenario where fifty percent would be paid in cash and fifty percent would be paid in Marvell
common shares. The “illustrative” $72 price per share represented a premium of approximately 10% over the closing price of Cavium’s common stock
on the prior trading day. Mr. Ali indicated that the “illustrative” price per share undervalued Cavium and was thus insufficient. Mr. Murphy requested a
meeting with Cavium’s management to review Cavium’s business and financial forecast.

Also on July 18, 2017, Mr. Ali contacted a representative of J.P. Morgan to discuss the potential engagement of J.P. Morgan to act as a financial
co-advisor to Cavium in connection with Cavium’s review of potential strategic transactions, including a potential transaction between Marvell and
Cavium.

On July 19, 2017, Marvell sent a draft mutual non-disclosure agreement with respect to a potential strategic transaction to Cavium.

On July 20, 2017, Mr. Ali contacted a representative of Qatalyst Partners to discuss the potential engagement of Qatalyst Partners to act as a financial
co-advisor to Cavium in connection with Cavium’s review of potential strategic transactions, including a potential transaction between Marvell and
Cavium.

On July 21, 2017, Marvell and Cavium entered into a mutual non-disclosure agreement with respect to a potential strategic transaction. The non-
disclosure agreement was subsequently amended on November 4, 2017.

On July 26, 2017, Mr. Chadwick, the Chief Financial Officer of Cavium, met in person with Jean Hu, the Chief Financial Officer of Marvell, to discuss
the framework for quantifying potential synergies in connection with a potential strategic transaction.

On July 27, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. At the meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from
Cavium’s management on the meetings and communications that had taken place between representatives of Cavium and Marvell, including the
“illustrative” $72 per share price proposed by Mr. Murphy. Cavium’s board of directors also discussed engaging J.P. Morgan and Qatalyst Partners to act
as financial co-advisors to help evaluate a potential strategic transaction with Marvell or other potentially interested parties.

On August 4, 2017, Messrs. Ali, Chadwick and Raghib Hussain, the Co-Founder and Chief Operating Officer of Cavium, met in person with
Mr. Murphy, Mr. Ignatin and Ms. Hu and discussed the potential benefits of a strategic transaction between Cavium and Marvell. At this meeting, the
parties also provided high-level overviews of their respective businesses and discussed Marvell’s interest in, and next steps towards, a potential strategic
transaction with Cavium.

Between August 8, 2017 and November 17, 2017, Mr. Murphy regularly provided e-mail and telephonic updates to Marvell’s board of directors on the
status of discussions that were taking place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium and received strategic advice and input
from directors as those discussions progressed.
 

66



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 80/263

Table of Contents

On August 11, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting. At this meeting, Mr. Ignatin updated Marvell’s board of directors on the meetings and
discussions that had taken place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium. Mr. Ignatin also discussed Cavium’s financial
performance, products and technology and reviewed the strategic rationale for a potential strategic transaction with Cavium as well as potential
interlopers and deal structures and valuation matters. Following the discussion, Marvell’s board of directors authorized Marvell’s management to
continue to pursue a potential strategic transaction with Cavium and to submit a preliminary non-binding proposal to acquire Cavium.

On August 25, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy conveyed to Mr. Ali a preliminary non-binding
proposal for Marvell to purchase all of Cavium’s outstanding common stock at a price of $72 per share, $52 of which would be paid in cash and the
remaining $20 of which would be paid in Marvell common shares. The per share price proposed represented a premium of approximately 18% over the
closing price per share of Cavium’s common stock on the prior trading day. Mr. Ali informed Mr. Murphy that this proposal undervalued Cavium’s
products, intellectual property, market position and growth potential and that Marvell would need to increase its proposed price or there would be no
reason to continue discussions. Mr. Murphy requested due diligence materials from Cavium.

Also on August 25, 2017, Robert Switz, a member of Marvell’s board of directors, had a telephone call with Sanjay Mehrotra, a member of Cavium’s
board of directors, on an unrelated matter. During the call, Mr. Switz indicated that Marvell continued to be interested in pursuing a potential strategic
transaction with Cavium.

On August 26, 2017, Mr. Ali and Mr. Murphy exchanged emails regarding setting up further due diligence meetings to discuss potential synergies and
Cavium’s anticipated revenue plan. Later that day, Mr. Ali called Mr. Murphy to discuss and gain an understanding of the basis for Marvell’s preliminary
non-binding proposal.

Between August 28, 2017 and September 1, 2017, Mr. Chadwick and Ms. Hu had multiple discussions and exchanged emails regarding certain Cavium
revenue estimates and potential synergies that might result from a strategic transaction between Cavium and Marvell. Mr. Ignatin and Mr. Hussain had a
series of calls and exchanged emails to prepare for due diligence meetings related to Cavium’s business.

On September 1, 2017, Mr. Ali, Mr. Hussain and Mr. Chadwick met with Mr. Murphy, Ms. Hu and Mr. Ignatin to discuss potential synergies from a
strategic transaction and certain financial and business due diligence matters.

On September 22, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. During this meeting, Marvell’s management updated the board
of directors on the meetings and discussions that had taken place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium and provided
updates regarding due diligence and potential deal structures and valuation matters. Marvell’s board of directors and management also discussed
potential negotiating strategies and current and possible future market conditions. Following the discussion, Marvell’s board of directors authorized
Marvell’s management to continue to pursue a potential strategic transaction with Cavium and to submit a preliminary written non-binding indication of
interest to Cavium.

On September 26, 2017, Mr. Murphy delivered to Mr. Ali a preliminary, written non-binding indication of interest for Marvell to purchase all of the
outstanding shares of Cavium common stock at a price of $75 per share, of which fifty-percent would be paid in cash and fifty-percent would be paid in
Marvell common shares. Mr. Murphy indicated that Marvell preferred to have a portion of the consideration consist of Marvell common shares and that
this would allow Cavium shareholders to more meaningfully share in Marvell’s future growth potential following a combination of the two companies.
The preliminary, written non-binding indication of interest also proposed that Cavium agree to a 30-day exclusivity period for negotiations with Marvell.
The $75 price per share contained in the preliminary non-binding indication of interest represented a premium of approximately 17% over the closing
price per share of Cavium’s common stock on the prior trading day. Mr. Ali told Mr. Murphy that Marvell’s indication of interest still undervalued
Cavium, but that he would discuss the
 

67



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 81/263

Table of Contents

indication of interest further with Cavium’s board of directors. Following its receipt, Mr. Ali provided the preliminary, written non-binding indication of
interest to Cavium’s board of directors.

Also on September 26, 2017, Mr. Murphy encountered Mr. Hussain at an industry event and they briefly discussed the potential strategic transaction
between Marvell and Cavium, including the retention of key Cavium employees.

On September 28, 2017, Mr. Murphy provided an update to Marvell’s board of directors regarding his discussion with Mr. Ali on September 26, 2017.

On October 1, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, a representative of Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP
(“Skadden”), outside legal counsel to Cavium, reviewed with the members of Cavium’s board of directors their fiduciary duties in the context of
consideration of a strategic transaction. After representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan joined the meeting, Mr. Ali provided an update on the
meetings and communications that had taken place between representatives of Cavium and Marvell. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P.
Morgan discussed with Cavium’s board of directors the financial aspects of the preliminary non-binding indication of interest from Marvell and
reviewed strategic alternatives with the board of directors. The Cavium board of directors, together with representatives of Cavium’s management and
representatives of Qatalyst Partners, J.P. Morgan and Skadden, also discussed the business environment surrounding Cavium as a stand-alone entity, the
competitive environment in the semiconductor industry generally, alternative acquisition targets potentially available to Marvell, acquisition targets
potentially available to Cavium and the potential impact on Cavium of various industry merger and acquisition scenarios. The Cavium board of
directors, together with Cavium’s management and financial and legal advisors, also reviewed a list of companies provided by Cavium’s financial
advisors, and discussed several other companies in the industry, in each case, that could potentially have an interest in engaging in a strategic transaction
with Cavium, and discussed the likelihood that each of these companies would have an interest and the ability to consummate a transaction at this time,
the potential benefits and risks of reaching out to these companies, and the potential timing of any such contacts in view of those benefits and risks.
After the representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan left the meeting, Cavium’s board of directors authorized Cavium’s management, based on
Qatalyst Partners’ and J.P. Morgan’s respective skills, reputations and familiarity with Cavium and the industry in which Cavium operates, to enter into
discussions to retain Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan as financial advisors to Cavium at such later time as Cavium’s management believed that the
status of any of Cavium’s discussions with Marvell or other potentially interested parties so warranted, subject to satisfactory resolution of any potential
conflicts and the negotiation of satisfactory economic terms. Following a lengthy discussion about the importance of achieving the greatest value for
Cavium shareholders, as well as a discussion regarding the mix of consideration that may be acceptable to Cavium, Cavium’s board of directors also
authorized and directed management to continue its preliminary discussions with Marvell but directed management to seek a higher purchase price from
Marvell without providing Marvell a counterproposal or view on the specific mix of consideration at this time.

On October 3, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Ali conveyed to Mr. Murphy that Cavium would not accept
Marvell’s preliminary non-binding indication of interest and urged Mr. Murphy to increase Marvell’s proposed consideration. Mr. Ali indicated that,
although the proposed price was not acceptable, the proposed consideration of fifty-percent Marvell common shares and fifty-percent cash was
potentially acceptable. Mr. Ali also provided feedback on other aspects of Marvell’s preliminary non-binding indication of interest.

On October 5, 2017, Mr. Switz met with Mr. Mehrotra on an unrelated matter. During this meeting, they briefly discussed the potential strategic
transaction between Marvell and Cavium, and Mr. Switz conveyed Marvell’s desire to receive a counterproposal to Marvell’s most recent preliminary
non-binding indication of interest.

On October 6, 2017, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Ali had a number of telephone calls to discuss the possible terms of a potential strategic transaction between
Marvell and Cavium.
 

68



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 82/263

Table of Contents

On October 9, 2017, Mr. Murphy provided an update to Marvell’s board of directors regarding his discussions with Mr. Ali, including Cavium’s
response to Marvell’s non-binding indication of interest.

Later on October 9, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy discussed the potential strategic transaction
between Marvell and Cavium, including Cavium’s response to Marvell’s non-binding indication of interest.

On October 12, 2017, Mr. Murphy met with Mr. Ali and delivered a revised written non-binding indication of interest for Marvell to purchase all of the
outstanding shares of Cavium common stock at a price of $76.75 per share, of which fifty-percent would be paid in cash and fifty-percent would be paid
in Marvell common shares. The revised non-binding indication of interest also required Cavium to agree to a 30-day exclusivity period for negotiations
with Marvell and included a draft exclusivity agreement. The price contained in the non-binding indication of interest represented a premium of
approximately 11% over the closing price of Cavium’s common stock on the prior trading day. Mr. Ali informed Mr. Murphy that Marvell’s proposal
still undervalued Cavium. Following its receipt, Mr. Ali provided the revised non-binding indication of interest to Cavium’s board of directors.

Also on October 12, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from Cavium’s
management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan on the meetings and communications that had taken place between
representatives of Cavium and Marvell. With the assistance of Cavium’s management and financial and legal advisors, the board of directors deliberated
on the revised non-binding indication of interest from Marvell and discussed the benefits and risks of contacting certain third parties who might have an
interest in engaging in a strategic transaction with Cavium. Cavium’s board of directors also considered Marvell’s request for exclusivity, including
possible benefits and risks of granting exclusivity, and received advice from its financial and legal advisors. Following a lengthy discussion about the
importance of achieving the greatest value for Cavium shareholders, Cavium’s board of directors reaffirmed their interest in pursuing a potential
transaction with Marvell but directed management to seek a purchase price of $83.50 per share without specifying the mix of consideration but
authorized management to convey that a 50/50 mix of stock and cash would be acceptable. Cavium’s board of directors also authorized and directed
Cavium’s management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan to contact certain third parties who might have an interest in engaging
in a strategic transaction with Cavium, at the appropriate time, but in any case prior to entering into exclusivity with Marvell.

On October 13, 2017, Mr. Ali communicated to Mr. Murphy that Cavium’s board of directors viewed Marvell’s $76.75 per share proposal as
unacceptable, but reiterated Cavium’s continued interest in pursuing a possible strategic transaction with Marvell and indicated that a purchase price of
$83.50 per share would be acceptable to Cavium.

On October 14, 2017, Mr. Murphy met with Mr. Ali. During this meeting, Mr. Murphy asked Mr. Ali to decrease the purchase price of Cavium’s most
recent counterproposal of $83.50 per share. Mr. Ali declined to decrease the proposal as requested.

On October 15, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting. During this meeting, Marvell’s management updated the board of directors on the
meetings and discussions that had taken place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium, including Cavium’s counterproposal
of $83.50 per share. Marvell’s board of directors and management also discussed potential negotiating strategies and possible future market conditions.
Following the discussion, Marvell’s board of directors authorized Marvell’s management to continue to pursue a potential strategic transaction with
Cavium and to make a counterproposal to Cavium.

On October 16, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy conveyed to Mr. Ali that Mr. Murphy was hopeful
that Marvell’s board of directors would approve a revised proposal to purchase all of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock at a price of
$78.50 per share, of which fifty-percent would be paid in cash and fifty-percent would be paid in Marvell common shares. Mr. Ali indicated to
 

69



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 83/263

Table of Contents

Mr. Murphy that even if Marvell’s board of directors approved a proposal of $78.50 per share, Cavium’s board of directors would likely view it as
unacceptable and that the price would need to be increased.

On October 18, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy and Mr. Ali discussed Cavium’s counterproposal of
$83.50 per share. Mr. Murphy indicated to Mr. Ali that he believed he could obtain approval from Marvell’s board of directors for a revised proposal in
the “high $70s per share” but that Cavium would need to show significant movement from its counterproposal as well. Mr. Ali indicated that he would
discuss the matter with Cavium’s board of directors and respond to Mr. Murphy with an updated counterproposal.

On October 19, 2017, Mr. Ali called Mr. Murphy to discuss Cavium’s expectations in advance of Cavium’s board meeting. Mr. Ali indicated to
Mr. Murphy that he believed Cavium’s board of directors would not accept a proposal below the “low $80s per share.”

Later on October 19, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from Cavium’s
management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan on the meetings and communications that had taken place between
representatives of Cavium and Marvell. With the assistance of Cavium’s management and financial and legal advisors, the Cavium board of directors
deliberated on the discussions between Mr. Ali and Mr. Murphy regarding Marvell’s price expectations and considered Marvell’s request for exclusivity,
including possible benefits and risks of granting exclusivity. Following a lengthy discussion about the importance of achieving the greatest value for
Cavium shareholders, Cavium’s board of directors reaffirmed their interest in pursuing a potential transaction with Marvell but directed management to
seek a purchase price of $80.50 per share and authorized management to accept a revised indication of interest from Marvell of $80.00 per share or
higher. Cavium’s board of directors authorized and directed Cavium’s management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan to contact
certain of the companies identified in prior discussions as potentially having an interest in, and the ability to consummate, a strategic transaction with
Cavium.

Also on October 19, 2017, a representative of Qatalyst Partners contacted a representative of Party A, to inquire as to whether Party A would be
interested in pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium.

On October 20, 2017, a representative of Qatalyst Partners contacted a representative of Party B, to inquire as to whether Party B would be interested in
pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium. Later on October 20, 2017, a representative of Party B informed a representative of Qatalyst
Partners that Party B was not interested in pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium, because Cavium’s focus on providing highly
integrated digital system-on-a-chip solutions was outside of their core area of expertise and focus.

Also on October 20, 2017, Mr. Ali contacted a representative of Party C, to inquire as to whether Party C would be interested in pursuing a potential
strategic transaction involving Cavium.

Also on October 20, 2017, a representative of J.P. Morgan contacted representatives of Party D, to inquire as to whether Party D would be interested in
pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium. Representatives of Party D expressed initial interest in evaluating a potential strategic
transaction, indicated they will review internally and expressed initial reservation around the potential regulatory issues raised by a potential strategic
transaction involving Cavium.

Also on October 20, 2017, a representative of Qatalyst Partners contacted a representative of Party E, to inquire as to whether Party E would be
interested in pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium. Later on October 20, 2017, a representative of Party E informed a
representative of Qatalyst Partners that Party E was not interested in pursuing a potential strategic transaction involving Cavium at a valuation that Party
E believed Cavium would consider.

On October 22, 2017, a representative of Party A informed a representative of Qatalyst Partners that Party A was not interested in pursuing a potential
strategic transaction with Cavium.
 

70



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 84/263

Table of Contents

Also on October 22, 2017, the chief executive officer of Party C informed Mr. Ali that Party C was not interested in pursuing a potential strategic
transaction with Cavium due to various regulatory concerns regarding a potential strategic transaction with Cavium.

On October 23, 2017, Mr. Murphy met with Mr. Ali. During this meeting, Mr. Ali indicated that he expected to be able to provide a revised
counterproposal the following day that would show movement from Cavium’s last counterproposal. Mr. Ali also indicated that the counterproposal
would include other terms, including a request for board representation and a proposal on determining the exchange ratio.

On October 24, 2017, Mr. Ali called Mr. Murphy to discuss the potential transaction. Mr. Ali indicated that a purchase price of $80.75 per share would
be acceptable to Cavium and made proposals on additional matters, including the method for determining the exchange ratio and expected timing for
signing a definitive agreement. Mr. Ali also proposed that three members of Cavium’s board of directors join Marvell’s board of directors at the closing
of the proposed transaction.

Later on October 24, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting. During this meeting, Marvell’s management updated the board of directors on
the meetings and discussions that had taken place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium, including Cavium’s latest
counterproposal. Marvell’s board of directors and management also discussed potential negotiating strategies. Following the discussion, Marvell’s board
of directors authorized Marvell’s management to continue to pursue a potential strategic transaction with Cavium and to provide a counterproposal to
Cavium.

On October 25, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy conveyed to Mr. Ali a revised proposal for Marvell to
purchase all of Cavium’s outstanding common stock at a price of $80.00 per share, of which fifty-percent would be paid in cash and fifty-percent would
consist of Marvell common shares, subject to Marvell declaring a one-time dividend of $0.50 per Marvell common share payable to Marvell
shareholders prior to the closing of the proposed transaction between Marvell and Cavium. The $80.00 per share price represented a premium of
approximately 17% over the closing price of Cavium’s common stock on the prior trading day. Mr. Murphy also proposed that two members of
Cavium’s board of directors, one of whom would be Mr. Ali, join Marvell’s board of directors at the closing of the proposed transaction. Mr. Ali
indicated that he would not discuss a potential future role for himself until the parties agreed upon a price for the potential strategic transaction.

On October 26, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. At the meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update
from Cavium’s management and representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan on the meetings and communications that had taken place between
representatives of Cavium and Marvell, including Marvell’s revised per share price and its proposal that two members of Cavium’s board of directors
join Marvell’s board of directors at the closing of the proposed transaction. Following a lengthy discussion about the importance of achieving the
greatest value for Cavium shareholders, Cavium’s board of directors reaffirmed their interest in pursuing a potential transaction with Marvell but
directed management to seek a higher purchase price of $80.00 per share, without a stipulation that Marvell have the right to declare a one-time dividend
of $0.50 per Marvell common share payable to Marvell shareholders prior to the closing of the proposed transaction, and request that three members of
Cavium’s board of directors join Marvell’s board of directors at the closing of the proposed transaction.

Also on October 26, 2017, Mr. Ali conveyed to Mr. Murphy that Cavium would not accept Marvell’s revised proposal and advised Mr. Murphy that
Cavium’s board of directors had authorized him only to accept $80.00 per share and noted that the practical effect of Marvell’s revised proposal, which
included the right of Marvell to declare a one-time dividend of $0.50 per Marvell common share payable to Marvell shareholders prior to the closing of
the proposed transaction between Marvell and Cavium, would be to reduce the value of each Marvell common share that Cavium shareholders would
receive and thus would result in an effective purchase price below $80.00 per share. Mr. Ali reiterated Cavium’s request that three members of Cavium’s
board of directors join Marvell’s board of directors at the closing of the proposed transaction.
 

71



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 85/263

Table of Contents

Also on October 26, 2017, a representative of Party D informed a representative of J.P. Morgan that while there could be a strategic fit between Party D
and Cavium, Party D was not interested in pursuing a strategic transaction due to various regulatory concerns regarding a potential strategic transaction
involving Cavium.

On October 27, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting. During this meeting, Marvell’s management provided an update to the board of
directors on the discussions that had taken place between representatives of Marvell and representatives of Cavium. Following the discussion, Marvell’s
board of directors authorized Marvell’s management to continue to pursue a potential strategic transaction with Cavium and to submit a revised proposal
to Cavium.

Later on October 27, 2017, Mr. Murphy had a telephone call with Mr. Ali. During this call, Mr. Murphy conveyed to Mr. Ali a revised proposal for
Marvell to purchase all of Cavium’s outstanding common stock at a price of $80.00 per share, of which fifty-percent would be paid in cash and fifty-
percent would be paid in Marvell common shares using an exchange ratio to be based on the volume weighted average closing price of Marvell’s
common shares for a period of five trading days ending two trading days before the public announcement of the proposed transaction, without a
stipulation that Marvell have the right to declare a one-time dividend of $0.50 per Marvell common share payable to Marvell shareholders prior to the
closing of the proposed transaction. The per share price represented a premium of approximately 19% over the closing price of Cavium’s common stock
on the prior trading day. Mr. Murphy also proposed that three members of Cavium’s board of directors, one of whom would be Mr. Ali, join Marvell’s
board of directors at the closing of the proposed transaction. Mr. Ali reiterated that he would not discuss a potential future role for himself until the
parties agreed upon a price for the potential strategic transaction. Following its receipt, Mr. Ali advised Cavium’s board of directors of the terms of the
revised proposal.

Also on October 27, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a draft of an amendment to the non-disclosure agreement, which included a standstill
provision and non-solicitation provision, and a revised draft of the exclusivity agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells.

On October 28, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered a revised draft of the amendment to the non-disclosure agreement to representatives of
Skadden.

On October 29, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan met with representatives of Marvell and Goldman Sachs to discuss,
among other things, communications strategy and the timeline for the potential transaction.

Also on October 29, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered a revised draft of the exclusivity agreement to representatives of Skadden.

Also on October 29, 2017, representatives of Marvell delivered a due diligence request list to representatives of Cavium.

On October 30, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a draft outline of Cavium’s position on certain key terms for the proposed transaction to
representatives of Hogan Lovells.

Also on October 30, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered revised drafts of the amendment to the non-disclosure agreement and the exclusivity
agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells.

Also on October 30, 2017, representatives of Qatalyst Partners delivered a reverse due diligence request list to representatives of Marvell and Goldman
Sachs.

Also on October 30, 2017, representatives of Marvell delivered to representatives of Cavium an agenda for the upcoming due diligence and reverse due
diligence meetings between Cavium and Marvell.

On October 31, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Marvell and Ernst & Young LLP, consultants to Marvell providing human resources due diligence
services, held meetings to discuss human resources and legal due diligence matters.
 

72



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 86/263

Table of Contents

Also beginning on October 31, 2017, representatives of Marvell began evaluating the compensation for certain key employees of Cavium, including
Messrs. Hussain and Jain, for the purpose of delivering offer letters, which would be contingent upon the closing of the proposed transaction, and non-
competition agreements to be signed by key employees of Cavium, including Mr. Ali.

On November 1, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered revised drafts of the amendment to the non-disclosure agreement and the exclusivity
agreement to representatives of Skadden. Later on November 1, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a revised draft of the amendment to the
non-disclosure agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells.

On November 2, 2017, management presentations were given by representatives of Cavium, during which representatives of Marvell conducted due
diligence on Cavium. Representatives of Marvell, Hogan Lovells, Goldman Sachs, Skadden, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan attended these
presentations.

Also on November 2, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At this meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from Cavium’s
management and Skadden on the meetings and communications that had taken place between representatives of Cavium and Marvell. Cavium’s
management and board of directors discussed the anticipated next steps for discussions with representatives of Marvell, the scope of Cavium’s reverse
due diligence investigation of Marvell in relation to the stock component of Marvell’s proposal and the status of discussions with other potential
interested parties. During the discussion it was noted that Party A, Party B, Party C, Party D and Party E had all indicated that they were not interested in
pursuing a potential strategic transaction with Cavium at that time. Cavium’s board of directors also discussed the fact that the merger agreement with
Marvell would be negotiated to preserve the ability of Cavium’s board of directors to consider superior offers should any interested parties emerge
following the announcement of a strategic transaction with Marvell. Cavium’s management and board of directors discussed formally retaining Qatalyst
Partners and J.P. Morgan as financial advisors to Cavium, and, after reviewing draft engagement letters between Cavium and each of Qatalyst Partners
and J.P. Morgan as financial advisors, Cavium’s board of directors determined to engage Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan. Following such review,
representatives of Skadden discussed with the board of directors certain regulatory matters that may be relevant to the proposed transaction with
Marvell.

Also on November 2, 2017, Cavium made available to Marvell and its representatives an online data room containing certain information concerning
Cavium.

Also on November 2, 2017, representatives of Cavium and Skadden met with representatives of Marvell and Hogan Lovells to discuss the terms of the
amendment to the non-disclosure agreement and the exclusivity agreement being negotiated between Cavium and Marvell.

Later on November 2, 2017, Cavium formally engaged each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan as Cavium’s respective financial advisors and
executed engagement letters with each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan.

On November 3, 2017, management presentations were given by representatives of Marvell, during which representatives of Cavium conducted reverse
due diligence on Marvell. Representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Qatalyst Partners, J.P. Morgan, Hogan Lovells and Goldman Sachs attended these
presentations.

After the close of the trading day on November 3, 2017, a report from anonymous sources appeared in the Wall Street Journal stating that Marvell and
Cavium were in advanced discussions regarding a potential strategic transaction. The closing price of Cavium’s common stock on the prior trading day,
November 2, 2017, was $66.01 per share, compared to a closing price of $76.43 per share on the following trading day, November 6, 2017. The closing
price of Marvell’s common shares on November 2, 2017 was $18.28 per share, compared to a closing price of $20.20 per share on November 6, 2017,
the trading day following the Wall Street Journal report.

On November 4, 2017, representatives of Cavium and Marvell met to discuss the communications strategy and the timeline for the potential transaction.
 

73



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 87/263

Table of Contents

Also on November 4, 2017, Cavium and Marvell entered into an amendment to the non-disclosure agreement between Cavium and Marvell, which
included both a customary nine-month non-solicitation provision and a customary nine-month standstill provision.

Also on November 4, 2017, Cavium and Marvell entered into an exclusivity agreement, providing among other things that neither Cavium nor Marvell
would solicit, initiate or participate in discussions regarding a potential strategic transaction with any third party through November 28, 2017.

Also on November 4, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Marvell and Hogan Lovells had a telephone call to discuss due diligence and reverse
due diligence matters.

Also on November 4, 2017, Marvell made available to Cavium and its representatives an online data room containing certain information concerning
Marvell.

On November 5, 2017, Mr. Murphy exchanged emails with Mr. Hussain regarding certain key employees of Cavium with whom Marvell may want to
enter into employment offer letters, including Messrs. Hussain and Jain, and Syed Zaheer, Vice President of Operations of Cavium, which would be
contingent upon the closing of the proposed transaction.

On November 7, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered an initial draft of the merger agreement to representatives of Skadden, which draft
included, among other things, a provision for three members of Cavium’s board of directors, one of whom would be Mr. Ali, to join Marvell’s board of
directors at the closing of the proposed transaction.

Also on November 7, 2017, Mitchell Gaynor, Chief Administration and Legal Officer and Secretary of Marvell, Janice Hall, Vice President of Human
Resources of Marvell, and Mr. Hussain discussed compensation and employment matters for certain key employees of Cavium with whom Marvell may
want to enter into employment offer letters, including Messrs. Hussain, Jain, and Zaheer, which would be contingent upon the closing of the proposed
transaction.

On November 7, 2017 and November 8, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Marvell and Hogan Lovells held a series of due diligence and
reverse due diligence telephone calls regarding various aspects of Cavium’s and Marvell’s respective businesses.

On November 8, 2017, representatives of Company F contacted Mr. Ali regarding a potential business combination of Cavium and Company F. Mr. Ali
did not respond to Party F due to Cavium’s obligations under the exclusivity agreement with Marvell.

On November 9, 2017, Ms. Hu had a telephone call with representatives of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP and representatives of Qatalyst Partners
regarding financial and reverse tax due diligence matters.

Also on November 9, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Cavium management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst
Partners and J.P. Morgan provided an update on the status of negotiations with Marvell. Cavium’s board of directors, with the assistance of Cavium’s
management and financial and legal advisors, also discussed Party F’s expression of interest regarding a potential business combination with Cavium, as
well as a presentation and discussion of the results of the reverse due diligence investigation Cavium had conducted on Marvell to date. Representatives
of Skadden also reviewed certain legal and regulatory considerations in connection with a potential transaction with Marvell. The Cavium board of
directors also discussed challenges that Party F would face in providing superior value compared to the transaction proposed by Marvell and the fact that
the merger agreement would preserve the ability of Cavium’s board of directors to consider superior offers should any interested parties emerge
following the announcement of any strategic transaction with Marvell. The Cavium board of directors also discussed certain management projections
and forecasts for Cavium, forecasts for Marvell and forecasts relating to anticipated synergies, in
 

74



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 88/263

Table of Contents

each case identified in “The Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information,” and
directed each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan to use these management projections and forecasts, or subsets thereof, for their respective valuation
analyses. For further information regarding these management projections and forecasts, please see “The Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial
Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information.”

On November 10, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells.

On November 11, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Marvell’s management provided an update on the status of
negotiations with Cavium and the market reaction to rumors of a potential transaction between Marvell and Cavium that were first reported in the Wall
Street Journal. Following that update, Marvell’s board of directors and management discussed potential negotiating strategies. Marvell’s management
also reviewed the terms of the proposed financing for the potential strategic transaction with Cavium and related materials with Marvell’s board of
directors. Marvell’s board of directors and management also discussed formally retaining Goldman Sachs as financial advisor to Marvell in connection
with the potential strategic transaction with Cavium, and, after reviewing the terms of the draft engagement letter between Marvell and Goldman Sachs,
Marvell’s board of directors authorized the engagement of Goldman Sachs.

Later on November 11, 2017, Mr. Ali had a telephone call with Mr. Murphy. During the call, Mr. Ali and Mr. Murphy agreed to use an exchange ratio
based on the volume weighted average price for Marvell common shares during a five trading day period prior to November 2, 2017, the last full day
before rumors of a potential transaction between Cavium and Marvell were first reported in the Wall Street Journal.

Also on November 11, 2017, representatives of Cavium and Skadden met with representatives of Marvell and Hogan Lovells to negotiate the merger
agreement.

On November 12, 2017, representatives of Cavium and Skadden met with representatives of Marvell and Hogan Lovells to continue to negotiate the
merger agreement.

Also on November 12, 2017, Cavium agreed that the exchange ratio would be calculated based on the volume weighted average price for Marvell
common shares during a five trading day period up to and including October 31, 2017, which represents the date two trading days prior to November 2,
2017, the last full day before rumors of a potential transaction between Cavium and Marvell were first reported in the Wall Street Journal.

Also on November 12, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Cavium management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst
Partners and J.P. Morgan provided an update on the status of negotiations with Marvell. The Cavium board of directors discussed key remaining issues
in the merger agreement negotiation, including efforts required to obtain regulatory approvals and reverse termination fees payable by Marvell in the
event certain regulatory approvals were not obtained, including CFIUS and MOFCOM approvals, as well as the termination fee payable by Cavium in
the event that, among other situations, Cavium were to terminate the merger agreement to enter into an alternative transaction. Cavium’s board of
directors also received a presentation from PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP regarding the status and findings of Cavium’s ongoing due diligence
investigation of Marvell from finance, accounting and tax perspectives.

On November 13, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered initial drafts of the respective voting agreements for Starboard Value LP and certain
of its affiliates (“Starboard”) and Mr. Ali to representatives of Skadden. As of that date, Starboard beneficially owned approximately 6.8% of Marvell’s
issued common shares and Mr. Ali beneficially owned approximately 2.6% of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock.

Also on November 13, 2017, Marvell executed an engagement letter to formally engage Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor.
 

75



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 89/263

Table of Contents

On November 14, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to representatives of Skadden.

Also on November 14, 2017, Mr. Gaynor delivered employment offer letters to certain key employees of Cavium, including Messrs. Hussain, Jain, and
Zaheer, which would be contingent upon the closing of the proposed transaction.

On November 15, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement and the initial draft of Cavium’s disclosure
schedule to the merger agreement to representatives of Hogan Lovells.

Also on November 15, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Marvell and Hogan Lovells had multiple due diligence and reverse due diligence
telephone calls regarding various aspects of Cavium’s and Marvell’s respective businesses.

Also on November 15, 2017, representatives of Skadden delivered a revised draft of the voting agreements for Starboard and Mr. Ali to representatives
of Hogan Lovells.

Between November 15, 2017 and November 20, 2017, Mr. Gaynor and certain key employees of Cavium, including Messrs. Hussain and Jain,
negotiated the terms and exchanged drafts of their respective employment offer letters.

On November 16, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At the meeting, Cavium management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst
Partners and J.P. Morgan provided an update on the status of the merger agreement and negotiations with Marvell. The Cavium board of directors
discussed key remaining issues in the merger agreement negotiation, including efforts required to obtain regulatory approvals and reverse termination
fees payable by Marvell in the event certain regulatory approvals were not obtained, including CFIUS and MOFCOM approvals, as well as the
termination fee payable by Cavium in the event that, among other situations, Cavium were to terminate the merger agreement to enter into an alternative
transaction.

On November 17, 2017, representatives of Hogan Lovells delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement, a revised draft of Cavium’s disclosure
schedule to the merger agreement, the initial draft of Marvell’s disclosure schedule to the merger agreement and the initial draft of the debt commitment
letter, described under the section “The Merger Agreement—Financing Matters” below, from Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Bank of America, N.A. and
Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated to representatives of Skadden.

Also on November 17, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan had a telephone call with representatives of Marvell and
Goldman Sachs regarding business due diligence and reverse business due diligence matters.

Also on November 17, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Marvell, Hogan Lovells and Cravath, Swaine & Moore LLP, counsel to Marvell’s
financing sources, had a telephone call to discuss due diligence matters.

Between November 17, 2017 and November 19, 2017, representatives of Cavium, Skadden, Marvell and Hogan Lovells negotiated the terms and
exchanged drafts of the merger agreement and the respective disclosure schedules of Cavium and Marvell.

On November 18, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At this meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from Cavium’s
management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan regarding the status of discussions with Marvell. Skadden
representatives also reviewed certain legal and regulatory considerations in connection with a potential transaction with Marvell and provided a
summary of the current proposed terms of the merger agreement, which included a termination fee equal to approximately 3% of the proposed
transaction consideration payable in the event that, among other situations, Cavium were to terminate the merger agreement to enter into an alternative
transaction. Skadden representatives noted that the
 

76



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 90/263

Table of Contents

key remaining issue in the merger agreement negotiation involved reverse termination fees payable by Marvell in the event certain regulatory approvals
were not obtained, including CFIUS and MOFCOM approvals. Cavium’s board of directors and management considered recent discussions with
Marvell, and together with its legal and financial representatives, discussed the results of the due diligence investigation Cavium had conducted on
Marvell. Representatives of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan then presented an overview of the proposed transaction and their financial analysis of the
merger consideration.

On November 18, 2017, Marvell’s board of directors held a meeting in which Marvell’s management and representatives from Goldman Sachs and
Hogan Lovells participated. During the meeting, Marvell’s management made a presentation to the board of directors regarding the business, financial
and other aspects of the potential transaction with Cavium and the outcome of management’s due diligence review of Cavium. A representative of
Hogan Lovells reviewed certain legal and regulatory considerations in connection with the potential transaction with Cavium and provided a summary
of the principal terms of the merger agreement and other transaction documentation. Members of the board of directors asked questions and discussed
the potential transaction with Marvell’s management. Marvell’s board of directors also received a presentation from representatives of Goldman Sachs
with respect to its financial analyses of the potential transaction and representatives of Goldman Sachs rendered its oral opinion to Marvell’s board of
directors, subsequently confirmed in writing by delivery of a written opinion dated as of November 19, 2017, that as of the date of the written opinion
and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share
of Cavium common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Marvell. The full text of the written opinion of
Goldman Sachs, which sets forth the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and limitations on the review undertaken in
connection with the opinion, is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B. After further consideration and consultation with its advisors, including
consideration of the factors described under the section “ —Marvell’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors”
below in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Marvell’s board of directors determined that the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance were fair to and
in the best interests of Marvell and Marvell’s shareholders, and authorized the execution of the definitive merger agreement and related transaction
documents.

On November 19, 2017, Cavium’s board of directors held a meeting. At this meeting, Cavium’s board of directors received an update from Cavium’s
management and representatives of Skadden, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan regarding the status of discussions with Marvell. Skadden
representatives also reviewed certain legal and regulatory considerations in connection with a potential transaction with Marvell. Representatives of
Qatalyst Partners then rendered Qatalyst Partners’ oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Cavium board of directors that, as
of the date of Qatalyst Partners’ opinion and based upon and subject to the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Qatalyst Partners as set forth in Qatalyst Partners’ opinion, the merger
consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the merger agreement by the holders of shares of Cavium common stock (other than
Marvell or any of its affiliates) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as more fully described below under the caption “ —Opinions of
Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan—Opinion of Qatalyst Partners.” Representatives of J.P. Morgan then rendered J.P.
Morgan’s oral opinion, which was subsequently confirmed in writing, to the Cavium board of directors that, as of the date of J.P. Morgan’s opinion and
based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in J.P. Morgan’s opinion, the consideration to be paid to the holders of shares of Cavium
common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as more fully described below under the caption “ —Opinions of Cavium’s
Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan—Opinion of J.P. Morgan.” After further consideration and consultation with its advisors,
including consideration of the factors described under the section “ —Cavium’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of
Directors” below in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Cavium’s board of directors determined that the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby were advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and Cavium’s shareholders, and authorized management to execute the
final definitive agreement with Marvell.
 

77



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 91/263

Table of Contents

Following final negotiations, the parties executed and delivered the merger agreement and related transaction documents. Cavium and Marvell jointly
announced the transactions on the morning of November 20, 2017.

Marvell’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Marvell’s Board of Directors

By a vote at a meeting of the Marvell board of directors held on November 18, 2017, the Marvell board of directors unanimously determined that the
Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement, were fair to, and in the best
interests of, Marvell and its shareholders and approved the Merger Agreement, the Marvell Share Issuance and the other transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement. The Marvell board of directors unanimously recommends that Marvell shareholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Marvell
Share Issuance and “FOR” the Marvell Adjournment Proposal.

In evaluating the proposed Merger, the Marvell board of directors consulted with Marvell’s management and legal and financial advisors and, in
reaching its determination and recommendation, the Marvell board of directors considered a number of factors. The Marvell board of directors also
consulted with its outside legal counsel regarding legal due diligence matters and the legal terms of the Merger Agreement and with its financial
advisors regarding the financial terms of the Merger Agreement.

Many of the factors considered favored the conclusion of the Marvell board of directors that the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance were fair to and
in the best interests of Marvell and its shareholders, including the following (not in any relative order of importance):
 

 

•  the highly complementary product portfolios and end-market exposure of the businesses of Marvell and Cavium and the expectation that the
combined company will be able to create the scale and breadth to deliver more innovative and complete end-to-end solutions to its
customers across the cloud data center, enterprise and service provider markets by combining Marvell’s portfolio of leading HDD and SSD
storage controllers, networking solutions and high-performance wireless connectivity products with Cavium’s portfolio of leading multi-core
processing, networking communications, storage connectivity and security solutions;

 

 
•  the expectation that the combination of Cavium’s leadership in multi-core processors, security and fibre channel and Marvell’s leadership in

Ethernet and storage presents a unique opportunity for the combined company to emerge as a leader in infrastructure solutions;
 

 
•  the opportunity for the combined company to become a R&D innovation engine to accelerate product development, positioning the

combined company to meet today’s massive and growing demand for solutions encompassing data storage, heterogeneous computing and
high-speed connectivity;

 

 
•  the expectation based on estimates by Marvell’s management prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement that Marvell would achieve

annual run-rate synergies of at least $150 million to $175 million within 18 months following the completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  the expectation based on estimates by Marvell’s management prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement that the serviceable

addressable market for the combined company will expand to more than $16 billion;
 

 
•  the expectation based on estimates by Marvell’s management prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement that the Merger will be

accretive to Marvell’s revenue, margins and non-GAAP earnings per share in the first full year following the completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  the expectation of the Marvell board of directors, following consultation with Marvell’s management, that the combined company would be

able to execute and deliver on its business plans throughout the business cycle and in a semiconductor industry that is highly competitive,
cyclical and subject to constant and rapid technological change;

 
78



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 92/263

Table of Contents

 
•  the opportunity to further expand the combined company’s global market reach and customer base and expand into other business areas of

strategic importance;
 

 
•  the opportunity to combine expertise, and skills of experienced managers in the semiconductor industry, in order to meet the needs of the

customers of both Marvell and Cavium, and for the combined company to access Cavium’s intellectual property portfolio and other
resources after the completion of the Merger;

 

 
•  the expectation that the larger scale organization, greater marketing resources and financial strength of the combined company will lead to

improved opportunities for marketing and cross-selling the combined company’s products;
 

 
•  the expected generation, based on estimates by Marvell’s management prior to the execution of the Merger Agreement, of strong operating

cash flow, which is anticipated to permit the combined company to deleverage to a ratio of consolidated total indebtedness to consolidated
EBITDA of 1.3 to 1 within eight quarters after the completion of the Merger;

 

 
•  the probability that regulatory approvals for the Merger would be obtained in a timely manner without the imposition of any conditions that

Marvell would find unacceptable;
 

 
•  the fact that, based on the Marvell common shares then issued, Marvell shareholders are expected to own shares of the combined company

representing approximately 75% of the combined company’s issued shares immediately following the completion of the Merger;
 

 
•  information and discussions with Marvell’s management and advisors regarding Cavium’s business, assets, financial condition, results of

operations, reputation, current business strategy and prospects, including the projected long-term financial results of Cavium as a standalone
company, the size and scale of the combined company and the expected pro forma effect of the proposed Merger on the combined company;

 

 

•  the fact that Mr. Ali, Cavium’s Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors, as well as two other members
of Cavium’s board of directors who will be designated by Marvell, will become members of the Marvell board of directors as of the
Effective Time, which will provide additional semiconductor industry expertise to the Marvell board of directors and guidance on the
integration of Cavium and Marvell, and that the Marvell board of directors and senior management would otherwise continue as members of
the board of directors and senior management of Marvell;

 

 
•  that six key Cavium employees executed offer letters with Marvell, with their employment by Marvell contingent upon the completion of

the Merger;
 

 •  the belief that the Marvell management team will be able to successfully integrate the two companies;
 

 

•  the oral opinion of Goldman Sachs rendered to the Marvell board of directors on November 18, 2017, subsequently confirmed in writing by
delivery of a written opinion, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth therein, the Merger
Consideration to be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, pursuant to the Merger Agreement was fair to
Marvell from a financial point of view, such opinion more fully described below in the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Marvell’s
Financial Advisor, Goldman Sachs”;

 

 

•  the fact that the Starboard Shareholders have signed a voting agreement obligating the Starboard Shareholders to vote all Marvell common
shares owned by them in favor of the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance until termination of the voting agreement, which occurs
automatically upon the earliest of certain conditions, including termination of the Merger Agreement, the effective date of the Merger,
Cavium’s board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement, Marvell’s board of directors
changing its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or a Cavium Triggering Event (as more fully described
in the section entitled “The Merger—Voting Agreements”);

 
79



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 93/263

Table of Contents

 

•  the fact that Mr. Ali has signed a voting agreement obligating Mr. Ali to vote his Cavium shares in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement until termination of the voting
agreement, which occurs automatically upon the earliest of certain conditions, including termination of the Merger Agreement, the effective
date of the Merger, Cavium’s board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement, Marvell
board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or a Marvell Triggering Event (as
more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Voting Agreements”);

 

 

•  the review by the Marvell board of directors with its advisors of the structure of the proposed Merger and the financial and other terms of the
Merger Agreement, including the parties’ representations, warranties and covenants, the conditions to their respective obligations and the
termination provisions, as well as the likelihood of the completion of the Merger and the evaluation by the Marvell board of directors of the
likely time period necessary to complete the Merger. The Marvell board of directors also considered the following specific aspects of the
Merger Agreement:

 

 
•  the fact that the Exchange Ratio is fixed and will not adjust to compensate for any decrease in the trading price of Marvell common

shares prior to the completion of the Merger, which provides certainty to Marvell shareholders as to their pro forma percentage
ownership of the combined company;

 

 
•  the limited number and nature of the conditions to Cavium’s obligation to complete the Merger included in the Merger Agreement,

as well as the probability that those conditions to Cavium’s obligation to complete the Merger would be satisfied prior to 11:59 p.m.
(New York City time) on September 19, 2018, subject to certain exceptions (the “Outside Date”);

 

 
•  the conditions to Marvell’s obligation to complete the Merger, as well as the probability that these conditions to Marvell’s obligation

to complete the Merger would be satisfied prior to the Outside Date;
 

 
•  the extensive representations and warranties made by Cavium, as well as the interim operating covenants agreed to by Cavium

requiring Cavium to conduct its business in the ordinary course prior to completion of the Merger, subject to certain limitations;
 

 
•  the fact that the Merger Agreement includes restrictions on the ability of Cavium to solicit proposals for alternative transactions or

engage in discussions regarding such proposals, subject to certain exceptions and Marvell’s right to match any such proposals;
 

 
•  the ability of Marvell to terminate the Merger Agreement and receive a $180 million termination fee from Cavium in the event the

Cavium board of directors changes its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement;
 

 

•  Marvell’s right to engage in negotiations with, and provide information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited proposal that is
received prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by Marvell shareholders and relates to an alternative transaction if the
Marvell board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that (a) such proposal is, or could reasonably be expected to
lead to, a superior offer and (b) failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’
fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell; No Change in Marvell Board Recommendation”);

 

 
•  the right of the Marvell board of directors to change its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance,

including to recommend a superior offer, if the Marvell board of directors has determined in good faith, after having taken into
account the advice of an

 
80



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 94/263

Table of Contents

 

independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such
action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions
(including in connection with a termination of the Merger Agreement by Cavium as a result of such change of recommendation by
the Marvell board of directors, the payment by Marvell to Cavium of a $180 million termination fee) (as more fully described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell; No Change in Marvell Board
Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the belief of the Marvell board of directors, following consultation with its advisors, and based in part upon the financing
commitments that it had obtained, that it was likely that Marvell would be able to obtain the necessary financing to pay a portion of
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration and refinance existing Cavium indebtedness, and that after completing the Merger,
Marvell would be able to repay, service or refinance the indebtedness incurred in connection with the Merger and, to the extent such
indebtedness remains outstanding, to comply with the financial covenants applicable to such indebtedness, after its review and
discussion of various factors, including the terms of the proposed financing for the Merger (including fees and interest);

 

 
•  the belief of the Marvell board of directors, following consultation with its advisors, that the financing commitments it had obtained

to pay a portion of the cash portion of the Merger Consideration and to refinance certain of Cavium’s existing indebtedness were
sufficient for such purposes and on attractive terms for Marvell;

 

 
•  the fact that if Marvell shareholders fail to approve the Marvell Share Issuance, Marvell would have no liability to Cavium under the

Merger Agreement (unless it accepts or completes an alternative transaction within 12 months of termination of the Merger
Agreement under certain circumstances, in which event Marvell will pay a $180 million termination fee to Cavium); and

 

 
•  the fact that Marvell’s maximum liability to Cavium under the Merger Agreement in the event of a failure to obtain required

consents, approvals or clearances by applicable regulatory authorities is a $180 million termination fee to Cavium, subject to certain
exceptions.

In the course of its deliberations, the Marvell board of directors also considered a variety of risks and other potentially negative factors, including the
following (which are not in any relative order of importance):
 

 

•  the possibility that the Merger may not be completed or that completion may be unduly delayed for reasons beyond the control of Marvell,
including the potential length of the regulatory review process and the risk that CFIUS and/or applicable antitrust and competition
authorities may prohibit or enjoin the proposed Merger or otherwise impose conditions on Marvell and/or Cavium to obtain clearance for the
Merger;

 

 •  the potential dilution to Marvell shareholders;
 

 
•  the fact that Marvell’s refinancing of Cavium’s existing indebtedness (along with the incurrence of additional indebtedness to fund a portion

of the cash portion of the Merger Consideration payable in connection with the Merger) may, at least in the short term, among other things,
reduce Marvell’s operational flexibility;

 

 
•  the fact that Marvell’s obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement are not subject to any financing condition or similar contingency based

on Marvell’s ability to obtain financing, and that Cavium would be entitled to specifically enforce the Merger Agreement, including the
obligations of Marvell to complete the Merger, regardless of the availability or terms of Marvell’s financing;

 

 
•  the possible disruption to Marvell’s business that may result from the Merger, including the potential for diversion of management and

employee attention from other strategic opportunities or operational matters and for increased employee attrition during the period prior to
completion of the Merger, and the potential effect of the Merger on Marvell’s business and relations with customers and suppliers;

 
81



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 95/263

Table of Contents

 
•  the adverse impact that business uncertainty pending completion of the Merger could have on Marvell’s ability to attract, retain and motivate

key personnel;
 

 
•  the challenges of combining the businesses, operations and workforces of Cavium and Marvell and the risk that anticipated strategic and

other benefits to Marvell and Cavium following completion of the Merger, including the synergies described above, will not be realized or
will take longer to realize than expected;

 

 
•  the fact that the Exchange Ratio is fixed and will not adjust for any increase in the trading price of Marvell common shares prior to

completion of the Merger;
 

 •  certain terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, including:
 

 
•  the restrictions on Marvell’s ability to solicit proposals for alternative transactions or engage in discussions regarding such proposals,

subject to certain exceptions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions
by Marvell; No Change in Marvell Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  Cavium’s right to engage in negotiations with, and provide information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited proposal that is
received prior to the approval of the Merger Proposal by Cavium’s shareholders and relates to an alternative transaction if the
Cavium board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and Cavium’s outside legal counsel that (a) such proposal is, or could reasonably be expected to
lead to, a superior offer and (b) failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’
fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium; No Change in Cavium Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the right of the Cavium board of directors to change its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement, including
to recommend a superior offer, if the Cavium board of directors has determined in good faith, after having taken into account the
advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to
take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain
conditions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium; No
Change in Cavium Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the restrictions on the ability of the Marvell board of directors to change its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell
Share Issuance, and to recommend a superior offer, subject to certain exceptions and conditions (including in connection with a
termination of the Merger Agreement by Cavium as a result of such change of recommendation by the Marvell board of directors,
the payment by Marvell to Cavium of a $180 million termination fee), which could have the effect of discouraging such proposals
from being made or pursued;

 

 
•  the requirement that Marvell provide Cavium with an opportunity to propose revisions to the Merger Agreement prior to Marvell

being able to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a superior offer;
 

 

•  the requirement that Marvell pay a termination fee of $180 million to Cavium if CFIUS Approval has not been obtained and the
Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances or pay a termination fee of $50 million to Cavium if MOFCOM
approval has not been obtained and the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances (as more fully described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees”); and

 

 
•  the fact that Marvell’s current shareholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest in Marvell after the completion of the Merger

and will exercise less influence over the Marvell board of directors and management and policies of Marvell;
 

82



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 96/263

Table of Contents

 •  the transaction costs to be incurred in connection with the Merger, regardless of whether the Merger is completed;
 

 
•  the risks and contingencies relating to the announcement and pendency of the Merger and the risks and costs to Marvell if the Merger is not

completed on a timely basis or at all, including the impact on Marvell’s relationships with employees, with customers and with third parties;
 

 
•  the fact that if the Merger is not completed, Marvell will have expended significant human and financial resources on a failed transaction,

and may also be required to pay a termination fee under various circumstances (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees”); and

 

 
•  various other risks associated with the Merger and the business of Marvell and the combined company described in the sections entitled

“Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” respectively.

The reasons set forth above are not intended to be exhaustive, but include the material factors considered by the Marvell board of directors in approving
the Merger Agreement, the Marvell Share Issuance and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. In view of the wide variety of
factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the Merger and the complexity of these matters, the Marvell board of directors did not find it
useful to and did not attempt to quantify or assign any relative or specific weights to the various factors that it considered in reaching its determination to
approve the Merger Agreement, the Marvell Share Issuance and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and to make its
recommendation to Marvell shareholders. In addition, individual members of the Marvell board of directors may have given different weights to
different factors. The Marvell board of directors carefully considered all of the factors described above as a whole.

Cavium’s Reasons for the Merger and Recommendation of Cavium’s Board of Directors

The Cavium board of directors has determined that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
Merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its shareholders. Accordingly, by a vote at a meeting held on November 19, 2017,
the Cavium board of directors unanimously approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the
Merger.

The Cavium board of directors unanimously recommends that Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” each of the Merger Proposal, the Cavium
Adjournment Proposal and the Cavium Non-Binding Compensation Proposal at the Cavium special meeting.

In evaluating the proposed Merger, the Cavium board of directors consulted with Cavium’s management and Cavium’s legal and financial advisors and,
in reaching its determination and recommendation, the Cavium board of directors considered a number of factors. The Cavium board of directors also
consulted with Cavium’s legal counsel regarding its obligations, legal due diligence matters and the legal terms of the Merger Agreement and Cavium’s
financial advisors regarding the financial terms of the Merger Agreement.

Many of the factors considered favored the conclusion of the Cavium board of directors that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated
by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its shareholders, including the following:
 

 
•  the growing challenges faced by the semiconductor industry, including macroeconomic trends and the fact that the industry is highly

competitive, cyclical and subject to constant and rapid technological change with short product life-cycles for certain products and wide
fluctuations in product supply and demand;

 
83



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 97/263

Table of Contents

 
•  the opportunity to combine Marvell’s and Cavium’s product portfolios to create the scale and breadth to deliver comprehensive end-to-end

solutions for customers across the cloud data center, enterprise and service provider markets, and to expand the combined companies’
serviceable addressable market to more than $16 billion;

 

 
•  the opportunity to combine resources, including consolidating and reducing areas of overlap in operating and other expenses, such as the

expenses of maintaining two separate public companies;
 

 
•  the opportunity to combine expertise, including the skills of experienced managers in the semiconductor industry, to better meet the needs of

the customers of both Cavium and Marvell;
 

 
•  the products and development capabilities of Cavium and Marvell are complementary, and should enable the combined company to offer

broader product value to customers of both companies;
 

 
•  the opportunity for the combined company to become an R&D innovation engine to accelerate product development, positioning the

combined company to meet today’s massive and growing demand for solutions encompassing data storage, heterogeneous computing and
high-speed connectivity;

 

 •  the financial strength of the combined company and its ability to fund required investments to remain a leader in the semiconductor industry;
 

 
•  the fact that the share component of the Merger Consideration offers Cavium shareholders an opportunity to participate in the potential for

earnings per share accretion and potential synergies created by the Merger;
 

 

•  the fact that the consideration proposed by Marvell reflected extensive negotiations between the parties and their respective advisors, and the
Cavium board of directors’ belief that the agreed Merger Consideration represented the best proposal and economic value available to
Cavium shareholders, based upon an overall assessment of the net present value of the risk-adjusted returns that are likely to accrue to
shareholders over the long term;

 

 

•  the historical share prices of Cavium and Marvell, including the fact that the implied value of the Merger Consideration of $84.14 per share
(based on the price per Marvell common share of $20.29 on November 17, 2017, the last trading day prior to the approval by Cavium’s
board of directors of the Merger Agreement) represents a premium of approximately 27% based on the unaffected closing price per share of
Cavium common stock of $66.01 on November 2, 2017 (before the November 3, 2017 press reports regarding a possible strategic
transaction between Cavium and Marvell) and the closing price per Marvell common share of $20.29 on November 17, 2017;

 

 

•  the expectation that the Merger will result in greater long-term shareholder value than the potential for earnings per share accretion that
might result from other alternatives available to Cavium, including seeking an alternative transaction with another third party or remaining
an independent public company, in each case, considering the potential for Cavium shareholders to share in any future earnings growth of
Cavium’s businesses, and the continued expenses of operating a public company and the overall assessment of the net present value of the
risk-adjusted returns that are likely to accrue to shareholders over the long term;

 

 
•  the Cavium board of directors’ familiarity with, and understanding of, Cavium’s business, assets, financial condition, results of operations,

current business strategy, prospects and the risks facing the semiconductor industry and Cavium;
 

 
•  information and discussions with Cavium’s management and advisors regarding Marvell’s business, assets, financial condition, results of

operations, current business strategy and prospects, including the projected long-term financial results of Marvell as a standalone company,
the size and scale of the combined company and the expected pro forma effect of the proposed Merger on the combined company;

 

 
•  the oral opinion of Qatalyst Partners delivered to the Cavium board of directors on November 19, 2017, which was confirmed by delivery of

a written opinion from Qatalyst Partners dated November 19,
 

84



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 98/263

Table of Contents

 

2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Qatalyst Partners as set forth in its written opinion, the Merger
Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the Merger Agreement by the holders of shares of Cavium common stock
(other than Marvell or any of its affiliates) was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as more fully described in the section
entitled “The Merger—Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan.” The full text of Qatalyst Partners’
written opinion, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications
and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Qatalyst Partners in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex C to this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, and Cavium shareholders are urged to read this written opinion in its entirety;

 

 

•  the oral opinion of J.P. Morgan delivered to the Cavium board of directors on November 19, 2017, which was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion from J.P. Morgan dated November 19, 2017, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions
set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be paid to Cavium’s shareholders in the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of
view, to such holders, as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst
Partners and J.P. Morgan.” The full text of J.P. Morgan’s written opinion, which sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by J.P. Morgan in
rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and Cavium shareholders are urged to read this
written opinion in its entirety;

 

 
•  the fact that Cavium conducted a thorough process to explore Cavium’s strategic alternatives during which representatives of Cavium sought

offers from various potential buyers, none of which made an offer or even expressed an interest to engage in substantive discussions
concerning a transaction with Cavium;

 

 

•  the commitment that Mr. Ali, Cavium’s Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of directors, as well as two other
members of Cavium’s board of directors who will be designated by Marvell, will become members of the Marvell board of directors as of
the Effective Time, which will provide additional semiconductor industry expertise to the Marvell board of directors and guidance on the
integration of Cavium and Marvell;

 

 
•  the nature of the conditions to completion of the Merger included in the Merger Agreement, as well as the likelihood of satisfaction of all of

the conditions to the completion of the proposed Merger;
 

 

•  the obligation of the parties to use reasonable best efforts to obtain approvals or clearances from CFIUS and applicable antitrust and
competition authorities, including by furnishing certain information and agreeing to certain divestitures, hold separates and other conduct
remedies (provided that Marvell will not be required to, among other things, take any actions which would reasonably be expected to result
in a significant impact on the strategic or financial benefits of the Merger to Marvell or agree to divest Cavium’s or Marvell’s Ethernet
switch or processor businesses), and Marvell’s obligation to pay a termination fee to Cavium in the event that the Merger Agreement is
terminated based on the failure to receive any required regulatory clearance by CFIUS and/or MOFCOM (as more fully described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees”);

 

 
•  the delivery by Marvell of a debt commitment letter setting forth the financing commitments and other arrangements regarding the financing

available to Marvell to complete the proposed Merger;
 

 
•  the fact that Marvell’s obligations pursuant to the Merger Agreement are not subject to any financing condition or similar contingency based

on Marvell’s ability to obtain financing, and that Cavium would be entitled to specifically enforce the Merger Agreement, including the
obligations of Marvell to complete the Merger, regardless of the availability or terms of Marvell’s financing;

 

 
•  Cavium’s right to engage in negotiations with, and provide information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited proposal that is received

prior to the approval of the Merger Proposal by Cavium
 

85



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 99/263

Table of Contents

 

shareholders and relates to an alternative transaction, if the Cavium board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into
account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that (a) such
proposal is, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a superior offer and (b) failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to
be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium; No Change in Cavium Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the right of the Cavium board of directors to change its recommendation regarding the approval of the Merger Agreement, including to
recommend a superior offer, if the Cavium board of directors has determined in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an
independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action
would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions (including in
connection with a termination of the Merger Agreement by Marvell as a result of such change of recommendation by the Cavium board of
directors, the payment by Cavium to Marvell of a $180 million termination fee) (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium; No Change in Cavium Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the fact that the Starboard Shareholders have signed a voting agreement obligating the Starboard Shareholders to vote all Marvell common
shares owned by the Starboard Shareholders in favor of the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance until termination of the voting
agreement, which occurs automatically upon the earliest of certain conditions, including termination of the Merger Agreement, the effective
date of the Merger, Cavium’s board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement, Marvell’s
board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or a Cavium Triggering Event (as
more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Voting Agreements”);

 

 

•  the fact that Mr. Ali has signed a voting agreement obligating Mr. Ali to vote his Cavium shares in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement until termination of the voting
agreement, which occurs automatically upon the earliest of certain conditions, including termination of the Merger Agreement, the effective
date of the Merger, Cavium’s board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the adoption of the Merger Agreement, Marvell’s
board of directors changing its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance or a Marvell Triggering Event (as
more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger—Voting Agreements”);

 

 
•  the right of Cavium and Marvell to specific performance to prevent breaches and to enforce the Merger Agreement (as more fully described

in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Specific Performance; Remedies”);
 

 •  the availability of appraisal rights under Delaware law for the Cavium shareholders who oppose adoption of the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  the customary nature of the other representations, warranties and covenants of Cavium in the Merger Agreement; and
 

 
•  the requirement that Cavium or Marvell pay a termination fee to the other party under certain circumstances specified in the Merger

Agreement (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees”).

In the course of its deliberations, the Cavium board of directors also considered a variety of risks and other potentially negative factors, including the
following (which are not in any relative order of importance):
 

 
•  the possibility that the Merger may not be completed or that completion may be unduly delayed for reasons beyond the control of Cavium

and/or Marvell, including the potential length of the regulatory
 

86



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 100/263

Table of Contents

 
review process and the risk that CFIUS and/or applicable antitrust and competition authorities may prohibit or enjoin the proposed Merger
or otherwise impose conditions on Cavium and/or Marvell to obtain clearance for the Merger;

 

 
•  the fact that the Exchange Ratio is fixed, indicating that Cavium shareholders could be adversely affected by a decrease in the trading price

of Marvell common shares during the pendency of the proposed Merger and the fact that the Merger Agreement does not provide Cavium
with a price-based termination right or other similar protection in favor of Cavium or its shareholders;

 

 
•  the potential for diversion of management and employee attention and for increased employee attrition during the period prior to completion

of the proposed Merger, and the potential effect of the proposed Merger on Cavium’s business and relations with customers, suppliers and
strategic partners;

 

 

•  the restrictions on the conduct of Cavium’s business prior to completion of the proposed Merger, requiring Cavium to conduct its business
and operations in the ordinary course in all material respects and substantially in accordance with past practice, subject to specific
limitations, which could delay or prevent Cavium from undertaking business opportunities that may arise pending completion of the Merger
and could negatively impact Cavium’s ability to attract and retain employees and decisions of customers, suppliers and strategic partners;

 

 
•  the difficulty inherent in integrating the businesses, assets and workforces of two large companies and the risk that anticipated strategic and

other benefits to Cavium and Marvell following completion of the proposed Merger, including any expected synergies, will not be realized
or will take longer to realize than expected;

 

 
•  the transaction costs and retention costs to be incurred in connection with the proposed Merger, regardless of whether the proposed Merger

is completed;
 

 
•  the fact that the Merger Agreement includes restrictions on the ability of Cavium to solicit proposals for alternative transactions or engage in

discussions regarding such proposals, subject to certain exceptions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium; No Change in Cavium Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  Marvell’s right to engage in negotiations with, and provide information to, a third party that makes an unsolicited proposal that is received
prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by Marvell shareholders and relates to an alternative transaction if the Marvell board of
directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation and Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that (a) such proposal is, or could reasonably be expected to lead to, a superior offer and
(b) failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain
conditions (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell; No Change
in Marvell Board Recommendation”);

 

 

•  the right of the Marvell board of directors to change its recommendation regarding the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance, including to
recommend a superior offer, if the Marvell board of directors has determined in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an
independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to take such action
would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its directors’ fiduciary obligations, subject to certain conditions (as more fully
described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell; No Change in Marvell Board
Recommendation”);

 

 •  the risk that if Marvell shareholders fail to approve the Marvell Share Issuance, then Marvell may terminate the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the fact that if the Merger is not completed, Cavium will have expended significant human and financial resources on a failed transaction,

and may also be required to pay a termination fee under various circumstances (as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees”); and

 
87



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 101/263

Table of Contents

 
•  various other risks associated with the Merger and the business of Cavium and the combined company described in the sections entitled

“Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” respectively.

The Cavium board of directors considered all of these factors as a whole, and, on balance, concluded that they supported a determination to approve the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger. The foregoing discussion of the information and
factors considered by the Cavium board of directors is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Cavium board of directors
in connection with its evaluation of the proposed Merger and the complexity of these matters, the Cavium board of directors did not consider it practical
to, nor did it attempt to, quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. The Cavium
board of directors evaluated the factors described above, among others, and concluded that the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by
the Merger Agreement, including the Merger, were advisable, fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its shareholders. In considering the factors
described above and any other factors, individual members of the Cavium board of directors may have viewed factors differently or given different
weight or merit to different factors.

In considering the recommendation of the Cavium board of directors to approve the Merger Proposal, Cavium shareholders should be aware that
Cavium’s executive officers and directors may have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in addition to, those of Cavium shareholders
generally. The Cavium board of directors was aware of these interests during its deliberations on the merits of the Merger and in deciding to recommend
that Cavium shareholders vote “FOR” the Merger Proposal. See the section entitled “—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger” for more information.

Opinion of Marvell’s Financial Advisor, Goldman Sachs

Goldman Sachs rendered its opinion to Marvell’s board of directors that, as of the date of the written fairness opinion and based upon and subject to the
factors and assumptions set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, pursuant
to the Merger Agreement, was fair to Marvell from a financial point of view.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated November 19, 2017, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached as Annex B. Goldman Sachs provided advisory services
and its opinion for the information and assistance of Marvell’s board of directors in connection with its consideration of the transaction. The Goldman
Sachs opinion is not a recommendation as to how any holder of Marvell common shares should vote on the proposed transaction or any other matter.

In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing its related financial analyses, Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:
 

 •  the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  annual reports to shareholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of Marvell and Cavium for the five fiscal years ended January 28, 2017

and December 31, 2016, respectively;
 

 •  certain interim reports to shareholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of Marvell and Cavium;
 

 •  certain other communications from Marvell and Cavium to their respective shareholders;
 

 •  certain publicly available research analyst reports for Marvell and Cavium;
 

 
•  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Cavium prepared by its management and summarized in the section titled “The Merger

—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Cavium Unaudited Financial Information”; and
 

88



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 102/263

Table of Contents

 

•  certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for Marvell stand-alone and pro forma for the transaction and certain financial analyses and
forecasts for Cavium, in each case, as prepared by the management of Marvell and approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Marvell (referred to
in this section as the “Forecasts”), and certain operating synergies projected by the management of Marvell to result from the transaction, as
approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Marvell (referred to in this section as the “Synergies”) and summarized in the section entitled “The
Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Marvell Unaudited Financial Information.”

Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior managements of Marvell and Cavium regarding their assessment of the past and
current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of Cavium and with the members of senior management of Marvell regarding their
assessment of the past and current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of Marvell and the strategic rationale for, and the
potential benefits of, the proposed transaction; reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the Marvell common shares and the shares of Cavium
common stock; compared certain financial and stock market information for Marvell and Cavium with similar information for certain other companies
the securities of which are publicly traded; reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the semiconductor industry and in
other industries; and performed such other studies and analyses, and considered such other factors, as it deemed appropriate.

For purposes of rendering its opinion, Goldman Sachs, with Marvell’s consent, relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the
financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by it, without assuming any responsibility for
independent verification thereof. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed with Marvell’s consent that the Forecasts and the Synergies were reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of Marvell. Goldman Sachs did not make an
independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or other off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of
Marvell or Cavium or any of their respective subsidiaries and it was not furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. Goldman Sachs assumed that
all governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary for completion of the proposed transaction will be obtained without any adverse
effect on Marvell or Cavium or on the expected benefits of the transaction in any way meaningful to its analysis. Goldman Sachs has also assumed that
the transaction will be completed on the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, without the waiver or modification of any term or condition the effect
of which would be in any way meaningful to its analysis.

Goldman Sachs’ opinion does not address the underlying business decision of Marvell to engage in the transaction or the relative merits of the
transaction as compared to any strategic alternatives that may be available to Marvell; nor does it address any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting
matters. Goldman Sachs’ opinion addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view, as of the date of the opinion, of the Merger Consideration to
be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, pursuant to the Merger Agreement. Goldman Sachs’ opinion does not express
any view on, and does not address, any other term or aspect of the Merger Agreement or the transaction or any term or aspect of any other agreement or
instrument contemplated by the Merger Agreement or entered into or amended in connection with the transaction, including the fairness of the
transaction to, or any consideration received in connection therewith by, the holders of any class of securities, creditors, or other constituencies of
Marvell; nor as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any of the officers, directors or employees of
Marvell or Cavium, or any class of such persons in connection with the transaction, whether relative to the Merger Consideration to be paid by Marvell
for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement or otherwise. Goldman Sachs’ opinion was necessarily based on
economic, monetary market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to it as of, the date of its opinion and Goldman
Sachs assumed no responsibility for updating, revising or reaffirming its opinion based on circumstances, developments or events occurring after the
date of its opinion. In addition, Goldman Sachs does not express any opinion as to the prices at which the Marvell common shares will trade at any time
or as to the impact of the transaction on the
 

89



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 103/263

Table of Contents

solvency or viability of Marvell or Cavium or the ability of Marvell or Cavium to pay their respective obligations when they come due. Goldman Sachs’
opinion was approved by a fairness committee of Goldman Sachs.

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses delivered by Goldman Sachs to Marvell’s board of directors in connection with rendering
the opinion described above. The following summary, however, does not purport to be a complete description of the financial analyses performed by
Goldman Sachs, nor does the order of analyses described represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman Sachs. Some
of the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read together with the full text of each
summary and are alone not a complete description of Goldman Sachs’ financial analyses. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative
information, to the extent that it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before November 16, 2017 and is not necessarily
indicative of current market conditions.

Historical Stock Trading Analysis. Goldman Sachs first calculated $79.77 as the implied value of the per share Merger Consideration, determined by
adding $40.00, the cash portion of the per share Merger Consideration, to $39.77, the implied value of the equity portion of the per share Merger
Consideration calculated by multiplying the undisturbed price per Marvell common share on November 2, 2017, the last day of trading prior to rumors
of a transaction surfacing, of $18.28 by the exchange ratio of 2.1757.

Goldman Sachs then reviewed the historical trading prices and volumes for the shares of Cavium common stock for the five-year period ended
November 16, 2017. In addition, Goldman Sachs analyzed the implied value of the per share Merger Consideration to be paid to holders of Cavium
common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement in relation to certain per share prices of Cavium common stock on certain dates and for certain
periods. This analysis indicated that the implied value of the per share Merger Consideration represented:
 

 •  a premium of 4.6% based on the closing price of $76.30 per share of Cavium common stock on November 16, 2017;
 

 •  a premium of 20.8% based on the closing price of $66.01 per share of Cavium common stock on November 2, 2017;
 

 
•  a premium of 16.6% based on the volume-weighted average price of $68.44 per share of Cavium common stock for the one-month period

ended on November 2, 2017; and
 

 
•  a premium of 23.9% based on the volume-weighted average price of $64.38 per share of Cavium common stock for the three-month period

ended on November 2, 2017.

Goldman Sachs also noted that the 52-week high closing price per share of Cavium common stock for the period ended on November 2, 2017 was
$75.48 and the 52-week low closing price per share of Cavium common stock for the period ended on November 2, 2017 was of $52.31.

Selected Companies Analysis. Goldman Sachs reviewed and compared certain financial information, ratios and multiples for Cavium to corresponding
information for the following publicly traded companies in the semiconductor industry, the operations of which Goldman Sachs deemed similar for
purposes of this analysis, based on its professional judgment and experience, to certain operations of Cavium (collectively referred to in this section as
the “Cavium Selected Companies”):
 

 •  Advanced Micro Devices, Inc.
 

 •  Broadcom Limited
 

 •  Intel Corporation
 

 •  Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
 

 •  Microsemi Corporation
 

 •  Xilinx, Inc.
 

90



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 104/263

Table of Contents

Goldman Sachs also reviewed and compared certain financial information for Marvell to corresponding financial information, ratios and public market
multiples for the following publicly traded companies in the semiconductor industry, the operations of which Goldman Sachs deemed similar for
purposes of this analysis, based on its professional judgment and experience, to certain operations of Marvell (collectively referred to in this section as
the “Marvell Selected Companies”):
 

 •  Broadcom Limited
 

 •  Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
 

 •  Microsemi Corporation
 

 •  Quantenna Communications, Inc.
 

 •  Realtek Semiconductor Corp.
 

 •  Silicon Motion Technology Corporation

In addition, Goldman Sachs also reviewed and compared certain financial information for Cavium and Marvell to corresponding financial information,
ratios and public market multiples for the companies represented in the PHLX Semiconductor Sector index (the “SOX Companies”).

Although none of the Cavium Selected Companies is directly comparable to Cavium, none of the Marvell Selected Companies is directly comparable to
Marvell, and none of the SOX Companies is directly comparable to either Cavium or Marvell, in each case such companies were chosen because they
are publicly traded companies with operations that, for the purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain of Marvell’s or Cavium’s results,
market size and product profile.

In addition, for each of the Cavium Selected Companies, the Marvell Selected Companies and the SOX Companies, Goldman Sachs calculated and
compared various financial multiples and ratios using (i) the closing price per share as of November 2, 2017 and November 16, 2017 and (ii) the closing
prices per share for the three-month, six-month, one-year, two-year and three-year periods ended on November 2, 2017 and November 16, 2017,
respectively. Goldman Sachs also calculated for Cavium and Marvell various financial multiples and ratios using (i) the closing price per share as of
November 2, 2017 and (ii) the closing price per share as of each date in the three-month, six-month, one-year, two-year and three-year periods ended on
November 2, 2017. With respect to each of the Cavium Selected Companies, the Marvell Selected Companies, the SOX Companies, Cavium and
Marvell, Goldman Sachs calculated:
 

 
•  such company’s price per share as a multiple of its estimated next twelve months’ non-GAAP earnings per share based on the Institutional

Brokers’ Estimates System’s (“IBES”) consensus estimates (referred to in this section as the “NTM P/E Ratio”); and
 

 

•  such company’s estimated enterprise value, which is (x) the value of such company’s common equity based on closing prices multiplied by
the number of outstanding shares of such company plus (y) the net debt of such company, in each case based on data obtained from S&P
Capital IQ, as a multiple of its estimated next twelve months’ earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (referred to in
this section as “EBITDA”) excluding stock based compensation expense based on the IBES consensus estimates (referred to in this section
as the “NTM EV/EBITDA Multiple”).

 
91



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 105/263

Table of Contents

The results of these analyses are summarized as follows:
 

NTM P/E Ratio  
      For the Period Ended on November 2, 2017  

  
November 2,

2017    
3 Months
Average    

6 Months
Average    

1 Year
Average   

2 Years
Average   

3 Years
Average 

Cavium   18.8x    19.3x    20.5x    21.9x    25.5x    28.0x 
Marvell   14.9x    14.6x    14.8x    15.8x    18.0x    17.0x 
Cavium Selected Companies   15.9x    15.8x    15.7x    14.9x    14.0x    14.4x 
Marvell Selected Companies   15.7x    14.8x    14.8x    14.3x    13.7x    13.6x 
SOX Companies (exc. Nvidia Corporation) (1)   16.1x    15.6x    15.6x    15.8x    15.4x    15.6x 

      For the Period Ended on November 16, 2017  

  
November 16,

2017    
3 Months
Average    

6 Months
Average    

1 Year
Average   

2 Years
Average   

3 Years
Average 

Cavium Selected Companies   17.3x    16.0x    15.8x    15.1x    14.1x    14.4x 
Marvell Selected Companies   15.3x    14.8x    14.9x    14.4x    13.8x    13.7x 
SOX Companies (exc. Nvidia Corporation) (1)   16.3x    15.8x    15.6x    15.9x    15.5x    15.6x 

NTM EV/EBITDA Multiple  
      For the Period Ended on November 2, 2017  

  
November 2,

2017    
3 Months
Average    

6 Months
Average    

1 Year
Average   

2 Years
Average   

3 Years
Average 

Cavium   12.0x    13.3x    14.1x    15.1x    17.0x    18.9x 
Marvell   10.5x    10.1x    10.1x    10.2x    9.6x    8.9x 
Cavium Selected Companies   11.9x    11.5x    11.7x    11.9x    11.0x    10.7x 
Marvell Selected Companies   10.5x    10.2x    10.1x    10.1x    9.5x    9.5x 
SOX Companies (exc. Nvidia Corporation) (1)   11.5x    10.5x    10.7x    10.7x    9.9x    9.7x 

      For the Period Ended on November 16, 2017  

  
November 16,

2017    
3 Months
Average    

6 Months
Average    

1 Year
Average   

2 Years
Average   

3 Years
Average 

Cavium Selected Companies   11.8x    11.5x    11.6x    11.9x    11.0x    10.7x 
Marvell Selected Companies   10.5x    10.3x    10.1x    10.1x    9.5x    9.6x 
SOX Companies (exc. Nvidia Corporation) (1)   11.7x    10.8x    10.7x    10.8x    10.0x    9.7x 
 
(1) Nvidia Corporation was excluded because, among other reasons, its NTM P/E Ratios and NTM EV/EDITDA Multiples for the periods compared

were deemed too high to be meaningful for purposes of analysis.

Financial Analyses of Cavium

Selected Transactions Analysis. Goldman Sachs analyzed certain information relating to the following selected transactions in the semiconductor
industry since 2011 with targets with disclosed enterprise values greater than $1 billion (collectively referred to in this section as the “Selected
Transactions”):
 
Announcement Date   Acquirer   Target
January 5, 2011   Qualcomm Incorporated   Atheros Communications, Inc.
April 4, 2011   Texas Instruments Incorporated   National Semiconductor Corporation
September 12, 2011   Broadcom Corporation   NetLogic Microsystems, Inc.
December 16, 2013   Avago Technologies Limited   LSI Corporation
February 24, 2014   RF Micro Devices, Inc.   TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.
June 9, 2014   Analog Devices, Inc.   Hittite Microwave Corporation
 

92



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 106/263

Table of Contents

Announcement Date   Acquirer   Target
August 20, 2014   Infineon Technologies AG   International Rectifier Corporation
October 15, 2014   Qualcomm Incorporated   CSR plc
March 2, 2015   NXP Semiconductors N.V.   Freescale Semiconductors, Ltd.
April 30, 2015   Hua Capital Management Co., Ltd.   OmniVision Technologies, Inc.
May 28, 2015   Avago Technologies Limited   Broadcom Corporation
June 1, 2015   Intel Corporation   Altera Corporation
October 21, 2015   Western Digital Corporation   SanDisk Corporation
November 18, 2015   ON Semiconductor Corporation   Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.
November 24, 2015   Microsemi Corporation   PMC-Sierra, Inc.
January 19, 2016   Microchip Technology Incorporated   Atmel Corporation
June 15, 2016   Cavium, Inc.   QLogic Corporation
July 26, 2016   Analog Devices, Inc.   Linear Technology Corporation
September 12, 2016   Renesas Electronics Corporation   Intersil Corporation
October 27, 2016   Qualcomm Incorporated   NXP Semiconductors N.V.
November 2, 2016   Broadcom Limited   Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.

While none of the companies that participated in the Selected Transactions is directly comparable to Marvell or Cavium, the companies that participated
in the Selected Transactions are companies with operations that, for the purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain of Marvell’s or
Cavium’s results, market size and product profile.

For each of the Selected Transactions, Goldman Sachs calculated and compared various financial multiples, financial ratios and other financial
information, including:
 

 

•  the estimated transaction enterprise value, which is (x) the announced per share consideration paid or payable in the applicable transaction
multiplied by the number of diluted outstanding shares of the target company plus (y) the net debt of the target company, in each case based
on data obtained from public filings, as a multiple of the target’s estimated next twelve months’ revenue from the announcement date of the
transaction based on IBES consensus estimates (referred to in this section as the “NTM Transaction Revenue Multiple”);

 

 
•  the estimated transaction enterprise value, as a multiple of the target’s estimated next twelve months’ EBITDA excluding stock based

compensation expense, from the announcement date of the transaction based on IBES estimates and data obtained from Wall Street research
(referred to in this section as the “NTM Transaction EBITDA Multiple”); and

 

 
•  the announced per share consideration paid or payable in the applicable transaction, based on data obtained from public filings, as a multiple

of the target’s estimated next twelve months’ earnings per share from the announcement date for the transaction based on IBES estimates
and data obtained from Wall Street research (referred to in this section as the “NTM Transaction P/E Ratio”).

 
93



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 107/263

Table of Contents

The following table presents the results of this analysis:
 

Selected Transactions  

Acquirer   Target   

NTM
Transaction

Revenue
Multiple    

NTM
Transaction

EBITDA
Multiple    

NTM
Transaction
P/E Ratio  

Qualcomm Incorporated   Atheros Communications, Inc.    3.3x    17.2x    24.3x 
Texas Instruments Incorporated   National Semiconductor Corporation    4.3x    10.2x    18.2x 
Broadcom Corporation   NetLogic Microsystems, Inc.    7.8x    19.3x    29.2x 
Avago Technologies Limited   LSI Corporation    2.4x    11.5x    17.0x 
RF Micro Devices, Inc.   TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.    1.7x    8.4x    21.6x 
Analog Devices, Inc.   Hittite Microwave Corporation    6.7x    14.6x    29.5x 
Infineon Technologies AG   International Rectifier Corporation    1.8x    8.4x    22.8x 
Qualcomm Incorporated   CSR plc    2.8x    14.9x    26.5x 
NXP Semiconductors N.V.   Freescale Semiconductors, Ltd.    3.4x    13.9x    18.3x 
Hua Capital Management Co., Ltd.   OmniVision Technologies, Inc.    0.8x    9.0x    18.1x 
Avago Technologies Limited   Broadcom Corporation    3.6x    12.6x    15.0x 
Intel Corporation   Altera Corporation    7.6x    22.3x    31.7x 
Western Digital Corporation   SanDisk Corporation    2.9x    9.9x    21.6x 
ON Semiconductor Corporation   Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.    1.7x    8.2x    16.4x 
Microsemi Corporation   PMC-Sierra, Inc.    4.2x    12.5x    19.0x 
Microchip Technology Incorporated   Atmel Corporation    2.8x    14.9x    35.3x 
Cavium, Inc.   QLogic Corporation    2.1x    6.7x    14.8x 
Analog Devices, Inc.   Linear Technology Corporation    8.9x    16.5x    25.3x 
Renesas Electronics Corporation   Intersil Corporation    5.4x    25.1x    30.8x 
Qualcomm Incorporated   NXP Semiconductors N.V.    4.9x    14.0x    16.7x 
Broadcom Limited   Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.    2.3x    8.9x    13.4x 
Median    3.3x    12.6x    21.6x 
High    8.9x    25.1x    35.3x 
Low    0.8x    6.7x    13.4x 
Proposed Transaction    5.8x    15.2x    22.7x 

Goldman Sachs then applied an illustrative range of NTM Transaction P/E Ratios of 20.0x to 30.0x to Cavium’s non-GAAP earnings per share, as
provided in the Forecasts, to derive a range of implied equity values of $68 to $102 per share of Cavium common stock when rounded to the nearest
dollar.
 

94



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 108/263

Table of Contents

Premia Analysis. Goldman Sachs also calculated for each of the Selected Transactions the implied premia represented by the announced per share
consideration paid or payable in the applicable transaction, based on data obtained from public filings, relative to the last undisturbed closing share price
for the target company prior to the announcement of the applicable transaction (referred to in this section as the “Implied Premium”). The following
table presents the results of this analysis:
 

Selected Transactions  

Acquirer   Target   
Implied

Premium 
Qualcomm Incorporated   Atheros Communications, Inc.    21.6% 
Texas Instruments Incorporated   National Semiconductor Corporation    77.7% 
Broadcom Corporation   NetLogic Microsystems, Inc.    56.7% 
Avago Technologies Limited   LSI Corporation    41.0% 
RF Micro Devices, Inc.   TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.    15.4% 
Analog Devices, Inc.   Hittite Microwave Corporation    28.8% 
Infineon Technologies AG   International Rectifier Corporation    50.6% 
Qualcomm Incorporated   CSR plc    56.5% 
NXP Semiconductors N.V.   Freescale Semiconductors, Ltd.    4.2% 
Hua Capital Management Co., Ltd.   OmniVision Technologies, Inc.    20.9% 
Avago Technologies Limited   Broadcom Corporation    19.0% 
Intel Corporation   Altera Corporation    56.2% 
Western Digital Corporation   SanDisk Corporation    76.2% 
ON Semiconductor Corporation   Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.    41.4% 
Microsemi Corporation   PMC-Sierra, Inc.    78.0% 
Microchip Technology Incorporated   Atmel Corporation    23.7% 
Cavium, Inc.   QLogic Corporation    21.4% 
Analog Devices, Inc.   Linear Technology Corporation    23.9% 
Renesas Electronics Corporation   Intersil Corporation    43.9% 
Qualcomm Incorporated   NXP Semiconductors N.V.    33.8% 
Broadcom Limited   Brocade Communications Systems, Inc.    46.7% 
Median    41% 
High    78.0% 
Low    4.2% 
Proposed Transaction    20.8% 
 

95



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 109/263

Table of Contents

In addition, using data obtained from Thomson Reuters, Goldman Sachs also analyzed the premia paid in transactions involving the acquisition of
control of U.S. targets with disclosed enterprise values greater than $1 billion for the period from January 1, 2012 through November 16, 2017 and for
the subset of such transactions with a target in the technology, media and telecom sector, in each case in relation to the closing prices per share of the
common stock of the target involved in such transaction on the day prior to the announcement of such transaction. The following table presents the
results of this analysis:
 

Acquisition Premia
U.S. Targets with Enterprise Values over $1 Billion

January 1, 2012 through November 16, 2017

 
 
 

Median of 25th Percentile of Premia    14% 
Median of 75th Percentile of Premia    33% 
Median Premium    26% 

 
Acquisition Premia

U.S. Targets with Enterprise Values over $1 Billion
Technology, Media and Telecom Sector Only
January 1, 2012 through November 16, 2017

 
 

Median of 25th Percentile of Premia    12% 
Median of 75th Percentile of Premia    41% 
Median Premium    26% 

Goldman Sachs then applied an illustrative range of premia of 20% to 50% to the closing price of $66.01 per share of Cavium common stock on
November 2, 2017, to derive a range of implied per share equity values of $79 to $99 when rounded to the nearest dollar.

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Using the Forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis on Cavium.
Using discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 14.0%, reflecting estimates of Cavium’s weighted average cost of capital, Goldman Sachs discounted to
present value as of September 30, 2017 (i) estimates of unlevered free cash flow for Cavium for the fourth quarter of 2017, and then annually through
2026 as reflected in the Forecasts and (ii) a range of illustrative terminal values for Cavium, which were calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates
ranging from 4.0% to 6.0%, to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to be generated by Cavium, as reflected in the Forecasts (which analysis
implied exit terminal year next twelve months’ EBITDA multiples, excluding stock based compensation, ranging from 6.8x to 16.6x). Goldman Sachs
derived such discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including the company’s
target capital structure weightings, the cost of long-term debt, after-tax yield on permanent excess cash, if any, future applicable marginal cash tax rate
and a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. The range of perpetuity growth rates
was estimated by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account the Forecasts and market expectations
regarding long-term real growth of gross domestic product and inflation. Goldman Sachs derived ranges of illustrative enterprise values for Cavium by
adding the ranges of present values it derived above. Goldman Sachs then subtracted from the range of illustrative enterprise values it derived for
Cavium the net debt of Cavium as of September 30, 2017, as publicly reported and provided by the management of Marvell, to derive a range of
illustrative equity values for Cavium. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the number of fully diluted
outstanding shares of Cavium, as provided by the management of Marvell, to derive a range of illustrative present values per share ranging from $46.62
to $119.05.
 

96



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 110/263

Table of Contents

Financial Analyses of Marvell (Stand-Alone and Pro Forma for the Transaction)

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis. Using the Forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis for Marvell on
a stand-alone basis. Using discount rates ranging from 9.5% to 11.5%, reflecting estimates of Marvell’s weighted average cost of capital, Goldman
Sachs discounted to present value as of July 29, 2017 (i) estimates of unlevered free cash flow for Marvell for the second half of fiscal year 2018, and
then annually through fiscal year 2023 as reflected in the Forecasts and (ii) a range of illustrative terminal values for Marvell, which were calculated by
applying perpetuity growth rates ranging from 2.0% to 4.0%, to a terminal year estimate of the free cash flow to be generated by Marvell, as reflected in
the Forecasts (which analysis implied exit terminal year next twelve months’ EBITDA multiples, excluding stock based compensation, ranging from
8.7x to 14.7x). Goldman Sachs derived such discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain company-specific
inputs, including the company’s target capital structure weightings, the cost of long-term debt, after-tax yield on permanent excess cash, if any, future
applicable marginal cash tax rate and a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. The
range of perpetuity growth rates was estimated by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account the Forecasts
and market expectations regarding long-term real growth of gross domestic product and inflation. Goldman Sachs derived ranges of illustrative
enterprise values for Marvell by adding the ranges of present values it derived above. Goldman Sachs then subtracted from the range of illustrative
enterprise values it derived for Marvell the net debt of Marvell as of July 29, 2017, as publicly reported and provided by the management of Marvell, to
derive a range of illustrative equity values for Marvell. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the number of
fully diluted outstanding Marvell common shares, as provided by the management of Marvell, to derive a range of illustrative present values per share
ranging from $18.84 to $28.11.

Using the Forecasts and the Synergies, Goldman Sachs also performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis for Marvell pro forma for the
transaction (after giving effect to the Synergies). Using discount rates ranging from 10.0% to 12.0%, reflecting estimates of Marvell’s pro forma
weighted average cost of capital, Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of July 29, 2017 (i) estimates of pro forma unlevered free cash flow for
Marvell for the second half of fiscal year 2018, and then annually through fiscal year 2023, as reflected in the Forecasts, inclusive of the Synergies, and
(ii) a range of illustrative pro forma terminal values for Marvell, which were calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates ranging from 3.5% to 5.5%,
to a terminal year estimate of the pro forma free cash flow to be generated by Marvell as reflected in the Forecasts, inclusive of the Synergies that were
grown at perpetuity growth rates ranging from 2.5% to 4.5% (which analysis implied exit terminal year next twelve months’ EBITDA multiples,
excluding stock based compensation, ranging from 9.5x to 17.4x). Goldman Sachs derived such discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing
model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including the company’s target capital structure weightings, the cost of long-term debt, after-tax
yield on permanent excess cash, if any, future applicable marginal cash tax rate and a beta for the company pro forma for the transaction, as well as
certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally. The ranges of perpetuity growth rates was estimated by Goldman Sachs
utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account the Forecasts and market expectations regarding long-term real growth of gross
domestic product and inflation. Goldman Sachs derived ranges of illustrative pro forma enterprise values for Marvell by adding the ranges of present
values it derived above. Goldman Sachs then subtracted from the range of illustrative pro forma enterprise values it derived for Marvell the pro forma
net debt of Marvell, as provided by the management of Marvell, to derive a range of pro forma illustrative equity values for Marvell. Goldman Sachs
then divided the range of illustrative equity values it derived by the pro forma number of fully diluted outstanding Marvell common shares, as provided
by the management of Marvell, to derive a range of illustrative present values per Marvell common share pro forma for the transaction. This analysis
indicated that the range of illustrative present values per Marvell common share pro forma for the transaction ranged from $18.53 to $34.36.

Illustrative Present Value of Future Share Price Analysis. Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative analysis of the implied present value of the future
value per Marvell common share, which is designed to provide an
 

97



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 111/263

Table of Contents

indication of the present value of a theoretical future value of a company’s equity as a function of such company’s estimated future earnings and its
assumed price to future earnings per share multiple. Goldman Sachs first calculated the implied values per Marvell common share as of the fiscal years
ending February 3, 2018, February 2, 2019, February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021 and January 29, 2022, by applying a range of next twelve months’ price-
to-earnings per share multiples of 14.0x to 16.0x to the estimated earnings per Marvell common share for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2019,
February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and January 28, 2023 contained in the Forecasts. These illustrative multiple estimates were
derived by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account undisturbed and historical trading data and next
twelve months’ price-to-earnings per share multiples for Marvell and current and historical trading data and next twelve months’ price-to-earnings per
share multiples for the Marvell Selected Companies and the SOX Companies. Goldman Sachs then discounted the implied values per Marvell common
share back to implied present values as of July 29, 2017, using an illustrative discount rate of 10.2%, reflecting an estimate of Marvell’s cost of equity.
Goldman Sachs then used the same illustrative discount rate to discount back to implied present values as of July 29, 2017 the estimated cumulative
dividends per Marvell common share for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2019, February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and January 28,
2023 contained in the Forecasts. Goldman Sachs derived such range of discount rates by application of the capital asset pricing model, which requires
certain company-specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States financial markets generally.
Goldman Sachs then added together these theoretical future values per Marvell common share and the present value of the estimated cumulative
dividends per Marvell common share. This analysis resulted in a range of implied present values of $18 to $23 per Marvell common share when
rounded to the nearest dollar.

Goldman Sachs also performed an illustrative analysis of the implied present value of the future value per Marvell common share pro forma for the
transaction. Goldman Sachs first calculated the implied values per Marvell common share pro forma for the transaction as of the fiscal years ended
February 3, 2018, February 2, 2019, February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021 and January 29, 2022, by applying a range of next twelve months’ price-to-
earnings per share multiples of 15.0x to 17.0x to the estimated pro forma earnings per Marvell common share for the fiscal years ended February 2,
2019, February 1, 2020, January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and January 28, 2023 contained in the Forecasts. These illustrative multiple estimates were
derived by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into account undisturbed and historical trading data and next
twelve months’ price-to-earnings per share multiples for Marvell and current and historical trading data and next twelve months’ price-to-earnings per
share multiples for the Marvell Selected Companies and the SOX Companies. Goldman Sachs then discounted the implied values per Marvell common
share pro forma for the transaction back to implied present values as of July 29, 2017, using an illustrative discount rate of 11.3%, reflecting an estimate
of Marvell’s pro forma cost of equity. Goldman Sachs then used the same illustrative discount rate to discount back to implied present values as of
July 29, 2017 the estimated pro forma cumulative dividends per Marvell common share for the fiscal years ended February 2, 2019, February 1, 2020,
January 30, 2021, January 29, 2022 and January 28, 2023 contained in the Forecasts. Goldman Sachs derived such range of discount rates by application
of the capital asset pricing model, which requires certain company-specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics
for the United States financial markets generally. Goldman Sachs then added together these theoretical future values per Marvell common share pro
forma for the transaction and the present value of the estimated cumulative pro forma dividends per Marvell common share pro forma for the
transaction. This analysis resulted in a range of implied present values of $20 to $28 per Marvell common share pro forma for the transaction when
rounded to the nearest dollar.

General

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. Selecting
portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the
processes underlying Goldman Sachs’ opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of all of its analyses and
did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather, Goldman Sachs made its
 

98



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 112/263

Table of Contents

determination as to fairness on the basis of its experience and professional judgment after considering the results of all of its analyses. No company or
transaction used in the above analyses as a comparison is directly comparable to Marvell or Cavium or the contemplated transaction.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses for purposes of Goldman Sachs providing its opinion to Marvell’s board of directors that, as of the date of the
opinion, the Merger Consideration to be paid by Marvell for each outstanding share of Cavium common stock, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, was
fair from a financial point of view to Marvell. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals nor do they necessarily reflect the prices at which
businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based
upon numerous factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of Marvell, Cavium, Goldman Sachs or any other
person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecast.

The Merger Consideration was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between Marvell and Cavium and was approved by Marvell’s board of
directors. Goldman Sachs provided advice to Marvell during these negotiations. Goldman Sachs did not, however, recommend any specific exchange
ratio or amount of consideration to Marvell or its board of directors or that any specific exchange ratio or amount of consideration constituted the only
appropriate exchange ratio or amount of consideration for the transaction.

As described above, Goldman Sachs’ opinion to Marvell’s board of directors was one of many factors taken into consideration by Marvell’s board of
directors in making its determination to approve the Merger Agreement. The foregoing summary does not purport to be a complete description of the
analyses performed by Goldman Sachs in connection with the fairness opinion and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the written opinion of
Goldman Sachs attached as Annex B.

Goldman Sachs and its affiliates are engaged in advisory, underwriting and financing, principal investing, sales and trading, research, investment
management and other financial and non-financial activities and services for various persons and entities. Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and
employees, and funds or other entities in which they invest or with which they co-invest, may at any time purchase, sell, hold or vote long or short
positions and investments in securities, derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments of Marvell,
Cavium, any of their respective affiliates and third parties, or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement for the accounts of Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and employees and their customers. Goldman Sachs acted as financial advisor to
Marvell in connection with, and participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. At the
request of Marvell, an affiliate of Goldman Sachs entered into financing commitments and agreements to provide Marvell with a $900 million three-year
term loan facility and an $850 million 364-day bridge facility. An affiliate of Goldman Sachs may also act as a lead underwriter, initial purchaser,
placement agent, arranger and bookrunner in connection with Marvell’s possible incurrence of permanent debt financing to fund, in part, the cash
portion of the Merger Consideration, to refinance certain existing indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses. The actual amount of
aggregate fees received and to be received by Goldman Sachs and its affiliates in connection with this debt financing will depend upon, among other
things, the timing of reductions of the bridge loan commitments and term loan facility, Marvell’s credit rating and the issuance costs for such debt
financing. Marvell estimates that Goldman Sachs and its affiliates will in the aggregate receive approximately $10 million in fees in connection with the
bridge loan facility, term loan facility and permanent debt financing. This estimate is based on various assumptions, including that Marvell will incur
permanent debt financing in connection with the proposed transaction and will receive an investment grade credit rating from two of S&P, Moody’s and
Fitch. Except as disclosed herein with respect to the contemplated transaction and with respect to the debt financing, during the two year period ended
November 19, 2017, the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs has not been engaged by Marvell, Cavium or their respective affiliates to
provide financial advisory or underwriting services for which Goldman Sachs has received
 

99



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 113/263

Table of Contents

compensation. Goldman Sachs may also in the future provide financial advisory or underwriting services to Marvell, Cavium and their respective
affiliates for which the Investment Banking Division of Goldman Sachs may receive compensation, including compensation in connection with
providing Marvell with a revolving credit facility, borrowings under which would be used for general corporate purposes.

The Marvell board of directors selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that
has substantial experience in transactions similar to the transaction. Pursuant to a letter agreement dated November 11, 2017, Marvell engaged Goldman
Sachs to act as its financial advisor in connection with the contemplated transaction. The engagement letter between Marvell and Goldman Sachs
provides for a transaction fee of $22,000,000, of which $5,000,000 became payable upon execution of the Merger Agreement, and the remainder of
which is contingent upon completion of the Merger. In addition, Marvell has agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for certain of its expenses, including
attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs and related persons against various liabilities, including certain liabilities under the
federal securities laws.

Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan

Opinion of Qatalyst Partners

Cavium retained Qatalyst Partners to act as financial advisor to the Cavium board of directors in connection with a potential transaction such as the
Merger and to evaluate whether the Merger Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by the
holders of shares of Cavium common stock, other than Marvell or any of its affiliates, was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Cavium
selected Qatalyst Partners to act as its financial advisor based on Qatalyst Partners’ qualifications, expertise, reputation and knowledge of the business
and affairs of Cavium and the industry in which it operates. Qatalyst Partners has provided its written consent to the reproduction of the Qatalyst
Partners’ opinion in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. At the meeting of the Cavium board of directors on November 19, 2017, Qatalyst Partners
rendered its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the considerations, limitations and other
matters set forth therein, the Merger Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by the holders
of shares of Cavium common stock, other than Marvell or any of its affiliates, was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. Qatalyst Partners
delivered its written opinion, dated November 19, 2017, to the Cavium board of directors following the meeting of the Cavium board of directors.

The full text of Qatalyst Partners’ written opinion, dated November 19, 2017, to the Cavium board of directors is attached as Annex C to this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein. The opinion sets forth, among other things, the assumptions made,
procedures followed, matters considered and limitations and qualifications of the review undertaken by Qatalyst Partners in rendering its
opinion. You should read the opinion carefully in its entirety. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion was provided to the Cavium board of directors and
addresses only, as of the date of the opinion, the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to be received pursuant to,
and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by the holders of shares of Cavium common stock, other than Marvell or any of its
affiliates, and it does not address any other aspect of the Merger. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how
any Cavium shareholder should vote with respect to the Merger Proposal or any other matter and does not in any manner address the price at
which the shares of Cavium common stock or Marvell common shares will trade at any time. The summary of Qatalyst Partners’ opinion set
forth herein is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion.

In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners reviewed a draft of the Merger Agreement, certain related documents, and certain publicly available financial
statements of Cavium and Marvell and other business and financial information of Cavium, and to the extent made available by Cavium, of Marvell.
Qatalyst Partners also reviewed (i) certain forward-looking information relating to Cavium prepared by the management of Cavium, including
 

100



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 114/263

Table of Contents

financial projections and operating data of Cavium, which are described below in the section titled “The Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial
Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” (referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the “Cavium Projections”),
(ii) certain forward-looking information relating to Marvell prepared by the management of Marvell, including financial projections and operating data
of Marvell prepared by the management of Marvell, and adjusted by the management of Cavium, which are described below in the section titled “The
Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” (referred to in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Marvell Projections”), and (iii) information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits
anticipated from the Merger prepared by the management of Marvell, and adjusted by the management of Cavium, as described below in the section
titled “The Merger—Unaudited Prospective Financial Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” (referred to in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Marvell Synergies”). Additionally, Qatalyst Partners discussed the past and current operations and financial
condition and the prospects of Cavium and Marvell, including information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated
from the Merger, with senior executives of Cavium and Marvell, respectively. Qatalyst Partners also reviewed the historical market prices and trading
activity for shares of Cavium common stock and Marvell common shares and compared the financial performance of Cavium and Marvell and the prices
and trading activity of the shares of Cavium common stock and Marvell common shares with that of certain other selected publicly-traded companies
and their securities. In addition, Qatalyst Partners reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of selected acquisition transactions and
performed such other analyses, reviewed such other information and considered such other factors as Qatalyst Partners deemed appropriate.

In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information
that was publicly available or supplied or otherwise made available to, or discussed with, Qatalyst Partners by Cavium and Marvell, respectively. With
respect to the Cavium Projections, Qatalyst Partners was advised by management of Cavium, and Qatalyst Partners assumed, that such projections had
been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of Cavium of the future financial
performance of Cavium. With respect to the Adjusted Marvell Projections, Qatalyst Partners was advised by the management of Cavium, and Qatalyst
Partners assumed, that the Adjusted Marvell Projections had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of Marvell, as adjusted by the management of Cavium, of the future financial performance of Marvell. With respect to the
Adjusted Marvell Synergies, Qatalyst Partners was advised by the management of Cavium, and Qatalyst Partners assumed, that the Adjusted Marvell
Synergies had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of Marvell, and
adjusted by the management of Cavium, relating to the strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the Merger. Qatalyst Partners
assumed that the Merger will be completed in accordance with the terms set forth in the Merger Agreement, without any modification, waiver or delay.
In addition, Qatalyst Partners assumed that, in connection with the receipt of all the necessary approvals of the proposed merger, no delays, limitations,
conditions or restrictions will be imposed that could have an adverse effect on Cavium, Marvell or the contemplated benefits expected to be derived in
the proposed merger. Qatalyst Partners did not make any independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of
Cavium or Marvell, nor was Qatalyst Partners furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. In addition, Qatalyst Partners relied, without independent
verification, upon the assessment of the management of Cavium as to (i) the existing and future technology and products of Cavium and Marvell and the
risks associated with such technology and products; (ii) the ability to integrate the businesses of Cavium and Marvell; and (iii) the ability to retain key
employees of Cavium and Marvell. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion has been approved by Qatalyst Partners’ opinion committee in accordance with its
customary practice.

Qatalyst Partners’ opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available
to it as of, the date of the opinion. Events occurring after the date of the opinion may affect Qatalyst Partners’ opinion and the assumptions used in
preparing it, and Qatalyst Partners has not assumed any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion does not address
 

101



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 115/263

Table of Contents

the underlying business decision of Cavium to engage in the Merger, or the relative merits of the Merger as compared to any strategic alternatives that
may be available to Cavium. Qatalyst Partners’ opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger Consideration to be
received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by Cavium shareholders, other than Marvell or any of its affiliates, and
Qatalyst Partners expressed no opinion with respect to the fairness of the amount or nature of the compensation to any of the officers, directors or
employees of Marvell or Cavium, or any class of such persons, relative to such consideration.

The following is a brief summary of the material analyses performed by Qatalyst Partners in connection with its opinion dated November 19, 2017. The
analyses and factors described below must be considered as a whole; considering any portion of such analyses or factors, without considering all
analyses and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying Qatalyst Partners’ opinion. For purposes of its analyses,
Qatalyst Partners utilized both the consensus of third-party research analysts’ projections of the future financial performance of Cavium as of
November 17, 2017 (referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the “Analyst Projections”) as well as the Cavium Projections and certain
forward-looking information related to Marvell’s financial performance after taking into account the Merger based on the Cavium Projections, the
Adjusted Marvell Projections and the Adjusted Marvell Synergies (referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Pro Forma
Combined Projections”).

Some of the summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables are not intended to stand alone, and in order
to more fully understand the financial analyses used by Qatalyst Partners, the tables must be read together with the full text of each summary.
Considering the data set forth below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and
assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of Qatalyst Partners’ financial analyses.

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

Standalone Company

Qatalyst Partners performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis, which is designed to imply a potential, present value per share for Cavium
common stock as of December 31, 2017 by:
 

 •  adding:
 

 
•  the implied net present value of the estimated future unlevered free cash flows of Cavium, based on the Cavium Projections, for

calendar year 2018 through calendar year 2022 (which implied present value was calculated by using a mid-period discounting
convention and a range of discount rates of 9.5% to 13.5%, based on an estimated weighted average cost of capital for Cavium);

 

 

•  the implied net present value of a corresponding terminal value of Cavium, calculated by multiplying Cavium’s estimated net
operating profit after tax (referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as “NOPAT”) in calendar year 2023 of approximately
$569 million, based on the Cavium Projections, by a range of fully-diluted enterprise value to next-twelve-months NOPAT multiples
of 17.0x to 22.0x, and discounted to present value using the same range of discount rates used in the calculation of the implied net
present value of the estimated future unlevered free cash flows of Cavium described above; and

 

 
•  the estimated cash balance of Cavium as of December 31, 2017 of approximately $178 million, as provided by Cavium

management;
 

 
•  subtracting the estimated debt (including, without limitation, capital lease obligations and certain technology license obligations) of Cavium

as of December 31, 2017 of approximately $655 million, as provided by Cavium management;
 

102



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 116/263

Table of Contents

 
•  applying a dilution factor of approximately 13% to reflect the dilution to Cavium shareholders over the projection period due to the effect of

future issuances by Cavium of equity awards, as projected by Cavium’s management; and
 

 

•  dividing the resulting amount (the “Implied Equity Value”) by the number of fully-diluted shares of Cavium common stock outstanding,
adjusted for Cavium restricted stock units and Cavium options outstanding (options calculated using the treasury stock method), estimated
as of December 31, 2017, as provided by Cavium management on November 14, 2017 (which number of fully diluted shares of Cavium
common stock outstanding, based on the applicable Implied Equity Value, ranged from between approximately 83.0 million shares to 83.2
million shares).

Based on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for Cavium common stock of approximately $72.34 to $107.53 per
share of Cavium common stock. Qatalyst Partners noted that the implied value of the consideration to be received by Cavium shareholders pursuant to
the Merger Agreement was $84.14 per share of Cavium common stock, based on Marvell’s closing stock price on November 17, 2017.

Pro Forma Combined Company

Qatalyst Partners also performed an illustrative pro forma discounted cash flow analysis with respect to Marvell, taking into account the Merger, based
on the Adjusted Pro Forma Combined Projections, to calculate indications of the implied pro forma present value of the Marvell common shares
constituting the stock portion of the Merger Consideration as of December 31, 2017 and thus, by addition of the cash portion of the Merger
Consideration, the per share merger consideration by:
 

 •  adding:
 

 

•  the implied net present value of the estimated future unlevered free cash flows of Marvell, taking into account the Merger, based on
the Adjusted Pro Forma Combined Projections (such estimated future unlevered free cash flows calculated by adding (i) the
unlevered free cash flows based on the Cavium Projections, (ii) the unlevered free cash flows based on the Adjusted Marvell
Projections, and (iii) the after-tax cost synergies calculated by subtracting the incremental cash taxes associated with the increased
profits arising from the cost synergies (applying the pro forma cash tax rate) from the pre-tax cost synergies (based on the Adjusted
Marvell Synergies), subtracting one-time costs to achieve the pre-tax cost synergies (as detailed in the Adjusted Marvell Synergies),
and then adding the pro forma tax savings (as detailed in the Adjusted Marvell Synergies), for calendar year 2018 through calendar
year 2022 (which implied present value was calculated by using a mid-period discounting convention and a range of discount rates
of 9.0% to 12.5%, based on an estimated weighted average cost of capital for Marvell, taking into account the Merger); and

 

 

•  the implied net present value of a corresponding terminal value of Marvell, taking into account the Merger, calculated by multiplying
Marvell’s estimated NOPAT in calendar year 2023 of approximately $1,523 million, based on the Adjusted Pro Forma Combined
Projections, by a range of fully-diluted enterprise value to next-twelve-months NOPAT multiples of 14.0x to 18.0x, and discounted
to present value using the same range of discount rates used in the calculation of the implied net present value of the estimated future
unlevered free cash flows of Marvell described above;

 

 
•  subtracting the estimated net debt of Marvell as of December 31, 2017 of approximately $1,450 million, taking into account the Merger, as

projected by the management of Marvell and the management of Cavium, respectively;
 

 
•  applying a dilution factor of approximately 13% to reflect the dilution to Marvell shareholders, taking into account the Merger, over the

projection period due to the effect of future issuances of equity awards, as projected by the management of Cavium;
 

103



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 117/263

Table of Contents

 

•  dividing the resulting amount (the “Implied Pro Forma Equity Value”) by the number of fully-diluted Marvell common shares, adjusted for
Marvell restricted stock units and Marvell options issued (options calculated using the treasury stock method), taking into account the
Merger, estimated as of December 31, 2017, as provided by the management of Marvell and the management of Cavium, respectively
(which number of fully diluted Marvell common shares, based on the applicable Implied Pro Forma Equity Value, ranged from between
approximately 760.3 million shares and 763.8 million shares);

 

 
•  applying the exchange ratio comprising the stock portion of the Merger Consideration of 2.1757 Marvell common shares per share of

Cavium common stock; and
 

 •  adding the per share cash portion of the Merger Consideration of $40.00 per share of Cavium common stock.

Based on the calculations set forth above, this analysis implied a range of values for Cavium common stock of approximately $82.75 to $100.66 per
share of Cavium common stock. Qatalyst Partners noted that the implied value of the consideration to be received by Cavium shareholders pursuant to
the Merger Agreement was $84.14 per share of Cavium common stock, based on Marvell’s closing share price on November 17, 2017.

Selected Companies Analysis

Qatalyst Partners compared selected financial information and public market multiples for Cavium with publicly available information and public
market multiples for selected companies. The companies used in this comparison were those companies listed below, which were selected from publicly
traded companies in the semiconductor industry by Qatalyst Partners based on its professional judgment, which included such factors as companies
participating in similar lines of businesses to Cavium, having similar financial performance, or having other relevant or similar characteristics. Based
upon research analyst consensus estimates for calendar year 2018 as of November 17, 2017, Qatalyst Partners calculated, among other things, the ratio
of price to earnings per share for calendar year 2018 (referred to as the “CY2018E P/E Multiple”) for each of the selected companies. The CY2018E P/E
Multiples are based on closing prices as of November 17, 2017, except that Broadcom Limited is based on the closing price as of November 2, 2017, the
last full trading day before publication of press reports regarding its potential acquisition of QUALCOMM Incorporated.
 

Selected Company   
CY2018E P/E

Multiple  
Silicon Laboratories Inc.    26.1x 
Xilinx, Inc.    21.7x 
Inphi Corporation    19.8x 
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.    19.4x 
Integrated Device Technology, Inc.    18.0x 
Semtech Corporation    17.4x 
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.    16.0x 
Broadcom Limited    14.7x 
MaxLinear, Inc.    14.6x 
Intel Corporation    12.9x 
Microsemi Corporation    12.1x 

The CY2018E P/E Multiple for Cavium was 19.1x based on the Analyst Projections using Cavium’s closing share price on November 3, 2017, the last
full trading day before the publication of press reports regarding a potential sale of Cavium to Marvell.

Based on an analysis of the CY2018E P/E Multiples for the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative range of 15.0x to 22.0x and
applied this range to Cavium’s estimated calendar year 2018 per share
 

104



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 118/263

Table of Contents

earnings (excluding stock-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, amortization of acquisition related assets, acquisition and integration
related cost and tax adjustments, inventory charges and other non-recurring charges) based on each of the Cavium Projections and the Analyst
Projections. This analysis implied a range of values for Cavium common stock of approximately $53.63 to $78.65 per share of Cavium common stock
based on each of the Cavium Projections and the Analyst Projections. Qatalyst Partners noted that the implied value of the consideration to be received
by Cavium shareholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement was $84.14 per share of Cavium common stock, based on Marvell’s closing share price on
November 17, 2017.

No company included in the selected companies analysis is identical to Cavium. In evaluating the selected companies, Qatalyst Partners made
judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters. Many
of these matters are beyond the control of Cavium, such as the impact of competition on the business of Cavium and the industry in general, industry
growth and the absence of any material adverse change in the financial condition and prospects of Cavium or the industry or in the financial markets in
general. Mathematical analysis, such as determining the arithmetic mean, median, or the high or low, is not in itself a meaningful method of using
selected company data.
 

105



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 119/263

Table of Contents

Selected Transactions Analysis

Qatalyst Partners compared 26 selected transactions involving companies in the semiconductor industry announced between September 2006 and
November 2017, including transactions involving companies participating in similar lines of businesses to Cavium, having similar financial
performance, or having other relevant or similar characteristics. These transactions are listed below:
 

Announcement
Date

  

Target

  

Acquirer

  
Transaction

Multiples (NTM)  

      
EV /

Revenue   P/E*  
12/20/16   InvenSense, Inc.   TDK Corporation    4.0x    NM** 
10/27/16   NXP Semiconductors N.V.***   QUALCOMM Inc.    4.8x    16.6x 
09/12/16   Intersil Corporation   Renesas Electronics Corporation    5.4x    31.1x 
07/26/16   Linear Technology Corporation   Analog Devices, Inc.    9.0x    25.3x 
06/15/16   QLogic Corporation   Cavium, Inc.    2.1x    14.9x 
01/19/16   Atmel Corporation   Microchip Technology Inc.    2.9x    21.7x 
11/24/15   PMC-Sierra, Inc.   Microsemi Corporation    4.2x    18.6x 
11/18/15   Fairchild Semiconductor International, Inc.   ON Semiconductor Corporation    1.7x    20.9x 
10/21/15   SanDisk Corporation   Western Digital Corporation    3.1x    25.3x 
06/01/15   Altera Corporation   Intel Corporation    7.7x    35.6x 
05/28/15   Broadcom Corporation   Avago Technologies Ltd.    3.6x    15.0x 
04/30/15   OmniVision Technologies, Inc.   Investor Group    1.0x    22.0x 
03/02/15   Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.   NXP Semiconductors N.V.    3.4x    16.7x 
12/01/14   Spansion, Inc.   Cypress Semiconductor Corporation    1.5x    16.8x 
10/14/14   CSR plc   QUALCOMM Inc.    2.8x    27.1x 
08/20/14   International Rectifier Corporation   Infineon Technologies AG    2.0x    22.3x 
06/09/14   Hittite Microwave Corporation   Analog Devices, Inc.    6.5x    28.6x 
02/24/14   TriQuint Semiconductor, Inc.   RF Micro Devices, Inc.    1.8x    32.4x 
12/16/13   LSI Corporation   Avago Technologies Ltd.    2.7x    17.1x 
07/12/13   Spreadtrum Communications, Inc.   Tsinghua Holdings Co. Ltd.    1.5x    10.6x 
06/22/12   MStar Semiconductor, Inc.   MediaTek Inc.    2.1x    15.9x 
09/12/11   NetLogic Microsystems, Inc.   Broadcom Corporation    8.3x    29.2x 
04/04/11   National Semiconductor Corporation   Texas Instruments Inc.    4.4x    18.8x 
01/05/11   Atheros Communications Inc.   QUALCOMM Inc.    3.4x    23.5x 
12/04/06   Agere Systems Inc.   LSI Corporation    2.5x    22.6x 
09/15/06   Freescale Semiconductor Inc.   Investor Group    2.4x    17.7x 
 
* Estimates based on non-GAAP statistics as defined by each company and explicitly excluding stock-based compensation expense regardless of

non-GAAP treatment.
** Multiple greater than 100.0x considered not meaningful (“NM”).
*** Revenue estimate for NXP Semiconductors N.V. (“NXP”) is based on Wall Street analyst estimates as of September 28, 2016 including

contribution from NXP’s Standard Products business and further adjusted for the impact of the divestiture of NXP’s Standard Products business
(based on Wall Street analyst estimates of Standard Products’ business revenue and publicly announced guidance from NXP’s management). Non-
GAAP earnings per share estimate for NXP is based on Wall Street analyst estimates as of September 28, 2016 including contribution from NXP’s
Standard Products business. Fully-diluted enterprise value for NXP is adjusted for receipt of estimated post-tax proceeds from the sale of the
Standard Products business, as publicly reported in NXP’s filings on June 14, 2016.

 
106



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 120/263

Table of Contents

For each of the transactions listed above, Qatalyst Partners reviewed, among other things, the implied fully-diluted enterprise value of the target
company as a multiple of analyst estimates of the next-twelve-months revenue of the target company. Based on the analysis of such metrics for the
transactions noted above, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative range of 4.0x to 8.0x applied to Cavium’s estimated next-twelve-months revenue
(calculated as the four quarters ending on September 30, 2018 and based on the Analyst Projections). Based on the calculations set forth above, then
subtracting net debt of Cavium as of September 30, 2017, and then dividing the resulting amount by the fully-diluted shares of Cavium common stock
outstanding as of November 16, 2017, adjusted for Cavium restricted stock units and Cavium options outstanding (options calculated using the treasury
stock method), as provided by Cavium’s management on November 17, 2017, this analysis implied a range of values for Cavium common stock of
approximately $51.89 to $109.98 per share of Cavium common stock. Qatalyst Partners noted that the implied value of the consideration to be received
by Cavium shareholders pursuant to the Merger Agreement was $84.14 per share of Cavium common stock, based on Marvell’s closing share price on
November 17, 2017.

For each of the transactions listed above, Qatalyst Partners also reviewed, among other things, the price per share paid for the target company as a
multiple of analyst estimates of the next-twelve-months earnings per share (excluding stock-based compensation expense) of the target company. Based
on the analysis of such metrics for the transactions noted above, Qatalyst Partners selected a representative range of 20.0x to 30.0x applied to Cavium’s
estimated next-twelve-months earnings per share excluding stock-based compensation (calculated as the four quarters ending on September 30, 2018
and based on the Analyst Projections). This analysis implied a range of values for Cavium common stock of approximately $67.19 to $100.78 per share
of Cavium common stock. Qatalyst Partners noted that the implied value of the consideration to be received by Cavium shareholders pursuant to the
Merger Agreement was $84.14 per share of Cavium common stock, based on Marvell’s closing share price on November 17, 2017.

No company or transaction utilized in the Selected Companies Analysis is identical to Cavium or the Merger. In evaluating the selected transactions,
Qatalyst Partners made judgments and assumptions with regard to general business, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which
are beyond the control of Cavium, such as the impact of competition on the business of Cavium or the industry generally, industry growth and the
absence of any material adverse change in the financial condition of Cavium or the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the
public trading value of the companies and the aggregate value of the transactions to which they are being compared. Because of the unique
circumstances of each of these transactions and the Merger, Qatalyst Partners cautioned against placing undue reliance on this information.

Miscellaneous

In connection with the review of the Merger by the Cavium board of directors, Qatalyst Partners performed a variety of financial and comparative
analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily amenable to a partial
analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Qatalyst Partners considered the results of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute
any particular weight to any analysis or factor it considered. Qatalyst Partners believes that selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all
analyses as a whole, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying its analyses and opinion. In addition, Qatalyst Partners may
have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and may have deemed various assumptions more or less
probable than other assumptions. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis described above should not be taken to be
Qatalyst Partners’ view of the actual value of Cavium. In performing its analyses, Qatalyst Partners made numerous assumptions with respect to
industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of Cavium.
Any estimates contained in Qatalyst Partners’ analyses are not necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more
or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.
 

107



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 121/263

Table of Contents

Qatalyst Partners conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the Merger
Consideration to be received pursuant to, and in accordance with, the terms of the Merger Agreement by Cavium shareholders, other than Marvell or
any of its affiliates, and in connection with the delivery of its opinion to the Cavium board of directors. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or
to reflect the price at which Cavium common stock might actually trade.

Qatalyst Partners’ opinion and its presentation to the Cavium board of directors were just some of the many factors considered by the Cavium board of
directors in deciding to approve the Merger Agreement. The analyses as described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the
Cavium board of directors with respect to the Merger Consideration to be received by Cavium shareholders pursuant to the Merger or of whether the
Cavium board of directors would have been willing to agree to different consideration. The Merger Consideration was determined through arm’s-length
negotiations between Cavium and Marvell and was approved by the Cavium board of directors. Qatalyst Partners provided advice to Cavium during
these negotiations. Qatalyst Partners did not, however, recommend any specific consideration to Cavium or that any specific consideration constituted
the only appropriate consideration for the Merger.

Qatalyst Partners provides investment banking and other services to a wide range of corporations and individuals, domestically and offshore, from
which conflicting interests or duties may arise. In the ordinary course of these activities, affiliates of Qatalyst Partners may at any time hold long or short
positions, and may trade or otherwise effect transactions in debt or equity securities or loans of Cavium, Marvell or certain of their respective affiliates.
During the two year period prior to November 19, 2017, the date of Qatalyst Partners’ written opinion, no material relationship existed between Qatalyst
Partners or any of its affiliates and Cavium or Marvell pursuant to which compensation was received by Qatalyst Partners or its affiliates. Qatalyst
Partners and/or its affiliates may in the future provide investment banking and other financial services to Cavium or Marvell and their respective
affiliates for which it would expect to receive compensation.

Under the terms of its engagement letter, Qatalyst Partners provided Cavium with financial advisory services in connection with the Merger for which it
will be paid approximately $38 million (provided that the final actual fee will be, in part, based on an average of Marvell’s closing share price over ten
consecutive trading days up to and including the second trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the Merger, and, accordingly, the final fee
may vary significantly from this estimate), $150,000 of which became payable upon the execution of its engagement letter, $3.5 million of which
became payable upon delivery of its opinion, and the remaining portion of which will be paid upon, and subject to, the completion of the Merger.
Cavium has also agreed to indemnify Qatalyst Partners and its affiliates, their respective members, directors, officers, partners, agents and employees
and any person controlling Qatalyst Partners or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws, and
expenses related to or arising out of Qatalyst Partners’ engagement.

Opinion of J.P. Morgan

Pursuant to an engagement letter dated November 2, 2017 with an effective date of August 16, 2017, Cavium retained J.P. Morgan as its financial
advisor in connection with the proposed Merger.

At the meeting of the Cavium board of directors on November 19, 2017, J.P. Morgan rendered its oral opinion to the Cavium board of directors that, as
of such date and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in its opinion, the consideration to be paid to Cavium’s shareholders in
the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. J.P. Morgan has confirmed its November 19, 2017 oral opinion by
delivering its written opinion to the Cavium board of directors, dated November 19, 2017, that, as of such date, the consideration to be paid to Cavium’s
shareholders in the proposed Merger was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of J.P. Morgan dated November 19, 2017, which sets forth the assumptions made, matters considered and limits on
the review undertaken, is attached as Annex D to this joint proxy
 

108



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 122/263

Table of Contents

statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference. The summary of the opinion of J.P. Morgan set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. Cavium’s shareholders are urged to read the opinion in its
entirety. J.P. Morgan’s written opinion was addressed to the Cavium board of directors (in its capacity as such) in connection with and for the purposes
of its evaluation of the proposed Merger, was directed only to the consideration to be paid in the Merger and did not address any other aspect of the
Merger. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion as to the fairness of the consideration to the holders of any other class of securities, creditors or other
constituencies of Cavium or as to the underlying decision by Cavium to engage in the proposed Merger. The issuance of J.P. Morgan’s opinion was
approved by a fairness committee of J.P. Morgan. The opinion does not constitute a recommendation to any shareholder of Cavium as to how such
shareholder should vote with respect to the proposed Merger or any other matter.

In arriving at its opinion, J.P. Morgan, among other things:
 

 •  reviewed a draft dated November 18, 2017 of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information concerning Cavium and Marvell and the industries in which they

operate;
 

 
•  compared the proposed financial terms of the Merger with the publicly available financial terms of certain transactions involving companies

J.P. Morgan deemed relevant and the consideration paid for such companies;
 

 
•  compared the financial and operating performance of Cavium and Marvell with publicly available information concerning certain other

companies J.P. Morgan deemed relevant and reviewed the current and historical market prices of Cavium common stock and certain publicly
traded securities of such other companies;

 

 

•  reviewed certain internal financial analyses and forecasts prepared by or at the direction of the managements of Cavium and Marvell relating
to their respective businesses, as well as the estimated amount and timing of cost savings and related expenses and synergies expected to
result from the Merger (which, as adjusted by Cavium, as described below in the section titled “The Merger—Unaudited Prospective
Financial Information—Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information,” are referred to in this section of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Marvell Synergies”); and

 

 
•  performed such other financial studies and analyses and considered such other information as J.P. Morgan deemed appropriate for the

purposes of its opinion.

In addition, J.P. Morgan held discussions with certain members of the management of Cavium and Marvell with respect to certain aspects of the Merger,
and the past and current business operations of Cavium and Marvell, the financial condition and future prospects and operations of Cavium and Marvell,
the effects of the Merger on the financial condition and future prospects of Cavium and Marvell, and certain other matters J.P. Morgan believed
necessary or appropriate to its inquiry.

In giving its opinion, J.P. Morgan relied upon and assumed the accuracy and completeness of all information that was publicly available or was
furnished to or discussed with J.P. Morgan by Cavium and Marvell or otherwise reviewed by or for J.P. Morgan, and J.P. Morgan did not independently
verify (and did not assume responsibility or liability for independently verifying) any such information or its accuracy or completeness. J.P. Morgan did
not conduct and was not provided with any valuation or appraisal of any assets or liabilities, nor did J.P. Morgan evaluate the solvency of Cavium or
Marvell under any applicable laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. In relying on financial analyses and forecasts provided to J.P.
Morgan or derived therefrom, including the Adjusted Marvell Synergies, J.P. Morgan assumed that they were reasonably prepared based on assumptions
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments by management as to the expected future results of operations and financial condition of
Cavium and Marvell to which such analyses or forecasts relate. J.P. Morgan expressed no view as to such analyses or forecasts (including the Adjusted
Marvell
 

109



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 123/263

Table of Contents

Synergies) or the assumptions on which they were based. J.P. Morgan also assumed that the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement will have the tax consequences described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and in discussions with, and materials furnished to
J.P. Morgan by, representatives of Cavium, and will be completed as described in the Merger Agreement and this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and
that the definitive Merger Agreement would not differ in any material respect from the draft thereof provided to J.P. Morgan. J.P. Morgan also assumed
that the representations and warranties made by Cavium and Marvell in the Merger Agreement and the related agreements were and will be true and
correct in all respects material to its analysis. J.P Morgan is not a legal, regulatory or tax expert and relied on the assessments made by advisors to
Cavium with respect to such issues. J.P. Morgan further assumed that all material governmental, regulatory or other consents and approvals necessary
for the completion of the Merger will be obtained without any adverse effect on Cavium or Marvell or on the contemplated benefits of the Merger.

J.P. Morgan’s opinion was necessarily based on economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to J.P.
Morgan as of, the date of such opinion. J.P. Morgan’s opinion noted that subsequent developments may affect its opinion, and that J.P. Morgan does not
have any obligation to update, revise, or reaffirm such opinion. J.P. Morgan’s opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
consideration to be paid to Cavium’s shareholders in the proposed Merger, and J.P. Morgan has expressed no opinion as to the fairness of any
consideration to the holders of any other class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of Cavium or the underlying decision by Cavium to engage
in the Merger. Furthermore, J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion with respect to the amount or nature of any compensation to any officers, directors, or
employees of any party to the proposed Merger, or any class of such persons relative to the consideration in the proposed Merger or with respect to the
fairness of any such compensation. J.P. Morgan expressed no opinion as to the price at which Cavium common stock or Marvell common shares will
trade at any future time

The terms of the Merger Agreement, including the consideration, were determined through arm’s length negotiations between Cavium and Marvell, and
the decision to enter into the Merger Agreement was solely that of the Cavium board of directors and the Marvell board of directors. J.P. Morgan’s
opinion and financial analyses were only one of the many factors considered by the Cavium board of directors in its evaluation of the proposed Merger
and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the board of directors or management of Cavium with respect to the proposed Merger or the
consideration.

In accordance with customary investment banking practice, J.P. Morgan employed generally accepted valuation methodologies in rendering its opinion
to the Cavium board of directors on November 19, 2017 and contained in the presentation delivered to the Cavium board of directors in connection with
the rendering of such opinion and does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by J.P. Morgan. Some of the summaries
of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables are not intended to stand alone, and in order to more fully
understand the financial analyses used by J.P. Morgan, the tables must be read together with the full text of each summary. Considering the data set forth
below without considering the full narrative description of the financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses,
could create a misleading or incomplete view of J.P. Morgan’s analyses.

Public Trading Multiples

Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan compared selected financial data of Cavium with similar data for selected publicly traded companies
in the semiconductor industry:
 

 •  Inphi Corporation
 

 •  Integrated Device Technology, Inc.
 

 •  MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.
 

 •  Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
 

 •  MaxLinear, Inc.
 

110



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 124/263

Table of Contents

 •  Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.
 

 •  Microsemi Corporation
 

 •  Semtech Corporation
 

 •  Silicon Laboratories Inc.
 

 •  Xilinx, Inc.

These companies were selected, among other reasons, because they are publicly traded companies with operations and businesses that, for purposes of
J.P. Morgan’s analysis, may be considered similar to those of Cavium based on business sector participation, operational characteristics and financial
metrics. None of the selected companies is identical to Cavium, and certain of the selected companies may have characteristics that are materially
different from those of Cavium. The analyses necessarily involve complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operational characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the companies differently than they would affect Cavium. Using
publicly available information, J.P. Morgan calculated, for each selected company, (1) the multiple of firm value (which is referred to in this section as
“FV”) as of November 17, 2017 to estimated EBITDA (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization and excluding stock-based
compensation) for the calendar year 2018 (“FV/EBITDA CY2018E”) and (2) the multiple of closing share price as of November 17, 2017 to estimated
earnings per share for the calendar year 2018 (“P/E CY2018E”), in each case based on Wall Street analysts’ consensus estimates. This analysis indicated
the following FV/EBITDA CY2018E and P/E CY2018E multiples:
 

   
FV/EBITDA

CY2018E    
P/E

CY2018E 
Inphi Corporation    17.9x    19.8x 
Integrated Device Technology, Inc.    15.8x    18.0x 
MACOM Technology Solutions Holdings, Inc.    13.4x    15.8x 
Marvell Technology Group Ltd. (1)    10.6x    14.9x 
MaxLinear, Inc.    13.4x    14.6x 
Mellanox Technologies, Ltd.    13.3x    19.4x 
Microsemi Corporation    11.7x    12.0x 
Semtech Corporation    12.3x    17.6x 
Silicon Laboratories Inc.    20.2x    26.1x 
Xilinx, Inc.    17.0x    21.8x 

 
(1) Based on the closing price of Marvell Technology Group Ltd on November 3, 2017, prior to release of media outlet reports of Cavium’s potential

transaction with Marvell.

Based on the results of this analysis and such other factors that J.P. Morgan considered relevant, J.P. Morgan selected a multiple reference range for
FV/EBITDA CY2018E of 11.0x—18.0x and a multiple reference range for P/E CY2018E of 15.0x—20.0x.

After applying such ranges to Cavium management’s estimate of EBITDA and EPS for Cavium for calendar year 2018, the analysis indicated the
following implied equity value per share ranges for Cavium common stock, rounded to the nearest $0.25:
 

   
Implied equity
value per share  

   Low    High  
FV/EBITDA CY2018E   $51.00   $87.50 
P/E CY2018E   $53.75   $71.50 

 
111



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 125/263

Table of Contents

Transaction Multiples Analysis

Using publicly available information, J.P. Morgan examined selected transactions involving businesses that J.P. Morgan considered to be sufficiently
analogous to Cavium’s business or aspects thereof for purposes of analysis. For each of the selected transactions, J.P. Morgan calculated the FV implied
for the target company as a multiple of the target company’s EBITDA for the 12-month period following the announcement of the applicable
transaction, adjusted to exclude stock-based compensation (which is referred to as “FV / NTM EBITDA”). These transactions were selected, among
other reasons, because the businesses involved in these transactions share similar business characteristics to Cavium based on business sector
participation, operational characteristics and financial metrics. Specifically, J.P. Morgan reviewed the following transactions:
 

Month/Year Announced   Acquiror   Target   
FV / NTM
EBITDA  

October 2016   QUALCOMM Incorporated   NXP Semiconductors N.V.    13.8x 
September 2016

  
Renesas Electronics
Corporation   

Intersil Corporation
  

 20.2x 

July 2016
  

Analog Devices, Inc.
  

Linear Technology
Corporation   

 16.2x 

January 2016
  

Microchip Technology
Incorporated   

Atmel Corporation
  

 16.3x 

November 2015   Microsemi Corporation   PMC-Sierra, Inc.    15.9x 
June 2015   Intel Corporation   Altera Corporation    23.2x 
May 2015   Avago Technologies Limited   Broadcom Corporation    12.2x 
March 2015   NXP Semiconductors N.V.   Freescale Semiconductor, Ltd.    13.3x 
October 2014   QUALCOMM Incorporated   CSR plc    16.6x 
June 2014   Analog Devices, Inc.   Hittite Microwave Corporation    13.8x 

Based on the results of this analysis and other factors that J.P. Morgan considered relevant, J.P. Morgan selected a multiple reference range of 13.0x—
20.0x for FV / NTM EBITDA.

After applying such ranges to Cavium management’s estimates for NTM EBITDA, the analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share
range for Cavium common stock, rounded to the nearest $0.25:
 

   
Implied equity
value per share  

   Low    High  
FV / NTM EBITDA   $58.50   $93.25 

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis

J.P. Morgan conducted a discounted cash flow analysis for the purpose of determining the implied fully diluted equity value per share for Cavium
common stock. J.P. Morgan calculated the unlevered free cash flows that Cavium is expected to generate during the remainder of 2017 (applying a
valuation date as of September 30, 2017) and calendar years 2018 through 2027 based upon the Cavium Projections. J.P. Morgan treated stock-based
compensation as a cash expense in the unlevered free cash flow calculation for purposes of its discounted cash flow analysis, as stock-based
compensation was viewed as a true economic expense of the business. Based on Cavium management’s estimates of a 3.0% terminal growth rate
applicable to the industry in which Cavium
 

112



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 126/263

Table of Contents

operates, J.P. Morgan also calculated a range of terminal values for Cavium at the end of the projection period by applying terminal growth rates ranging
from 2.5% to 3.5% to the unlevered free cash flows, which J.P. Morgan selected based on its professional judgment. The unlevered free cash flows and
the range of terminal values were then discounted to present values using discount rates ranging from 9.0% to 11.0%, which range was chosen by J.P.
Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of Cavium, taking into account macro-economic assumptions, estimates of risk,
Cavium’s capital structure and other factors J.P. Morgan deemed appropriate. The present values of the unlevered free cash flows and the range of
terminal values were then adjusted for Cavium’s net debt as of September 30, 2017 and divided by the fully diluted shares outstanding of Cavium
(calculated using the treasury stock method). The discounted cash flow analysis indicated the following implied equity value per share range for Cavium
common stock, rounded to the nearest $0.25:
 

   
Implied equity
value per share  

   Low    High  
Discounted Cash Flow   $54.75   $86.00 

Intrinsic Value of Merger Consideration—DCF Based

J.P. Morgan prepared a value creation analysis that compared the equity value calculated from J.P. Morgan’s discounted cash flow analysis of Cavium on
a standalone basis to Cavium shareholders’ pro forma ownership of the equity value of the combined company. The pro forma combined company
equity value was equal to: (1) the Cavium standalone discounted cash flow value of $4.9 billion, plus (2) the Marvell standalone discounted cash flow
value of $9.9 billion, as derived from the Adjusted Marvell Projections, plus (3) the present value of Cavium management’s estimates of after-tax
synergies of $2.0 billion (net of one-time costs to achieve such synergies), less (4) the cash consideration paid to Cavium’s shareholders in the proposed
Merger and Cavium management’s estimates of the transaction expenses of $2.9 billion in the aggregate. For purposes of the discounted cash flow
values used in this analysis, J.P. Morgan used a terminal growth rate of 3.0% for the unlevered free cash flow for Cavium and a terminal growth rate of
2.0% for the unlevered free cash flow for Marvell and for the Adjusted Marvell Synergies, in each case as estimated by Cavium’s management, and a
discount rate of 10.0%. The discount rate of 10.0% was chosen by J.P. Morgan based upon an analysis of the weighted average cost of capital of
Marvell, taking into account macro-economic assumptions, estimates of risk, Marvell’s capital structure and other factors J.P. Morgan deemed
appropriate. J.P. Morgan then determined the implied pro forma equity value of the combined company attributable to Cavium’s shareholders based on
the equity ownership percentage of the combined company of approximately 25% to be owned by Cavium’s shareholders implied by the exchange ratio
provided for in the Merger Agreement plus the cash consideration to be paid to Cavium’s shareholders. J.P. Morgan then compared the result to the
implied equity value of Cavium on a standalone basis derived from the discounted cash flow analysis described above. The value creation analysis
indicated (i) implied total equity value of $6.2 billion, (ii) implied equity value per share, rounded to the nearest $0.25, of $84.50 and (iii) implied pro
forma accretion in equity value to the holders of Cavium common stock of 26%.

Other Information

J.P. Morgan reviewed and presented other information, including historical stock trading and equity research analyst price targets, and noted that these
are not valuation methodologies and were presented for reference purposes only.

Historical Stock Trading

J.P. Morgan reviewed the 52-week trading range of Cavium common stock for the period ended November 3, 2017 (the last market close prior to release
of media outlet reports of Cavium’s potential transaction with Marvell on November 3, 2017). J.P. Morgan noted that the low and high closing share
prices during this period were $52.35 and $75.48 per share of Cavium common stock, respectively.
 

113



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 127/263

Table of Contents

Equity Research Analyst Price Targets

J.P. Morgan reviewed the price targets of public equity research analysts for Cavium common stock, which provided a reference range as of
November 3, 2017 (the last market close prior to release of media outlet reports of Cavium’s potential transaction with Marvell on November 3, 2017) of
$67.00 to $85.00 per share of Cavium common stock.

Miscellaneous

The foregoing summary of certain material financial analyses does not purport to be a complete description of the analyses or data presented by J.P.
Morgan. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. J.P.
Morgan believes that the foregoing summary and its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of the foregoing summary and
these analyses, without considering all of its analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying the analyses and its
opinion. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular analysis or combination of analyses described above were merely utilized to
create points of reference for analytical purposes and should not be taken to be the view of J.P. Morgan with respect to the actual value of Cavium or
Marvell. The order of analyses described does not represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses by J.P. Morgan. In arriving at its
opinion, J.P. Morgan did not attribute any particular weight to any analyses or factors considered by it and did not form an opinion as to whether any
individual analysis or factor (positive or negative), considered in isolation, supported or failed to support its opinion. Rather, J.P. Morgan considered the
totality of the factors and analyses performed in determining its opinion.

Analyses based upon forecasts of future results are inherently uncertain, as they are subject to numerous factors or events beyond the control of the
parties and their advisors. Accordingly, forecasts and analyses used or made by J.P. Morgan are not necessarily indicative of actual future results, which
may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by those analyses. Moreover, J.P. Morgan’s analyses are not and do not purport to be
appraisals or otherwise reflective of the prices at which businesses actually could be acquired or sold. None of the selected companies reviewed as
described in the above summary is identical to Cavium or Marvell, and none of the selected transactions reviewed was identical to the Merger. However,
the companies selected were chosen because they are publicly traded companies with operations and businesses that, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s
analysis, may be considered similar to those of Cavium and Marvell. The transactions selected were similarly chosen because their participants, size and
other factors, for purposes of J.P. Morgan’s analysis, may be considered similar to the Merger. The analyses necessarily involve complex considerations
and judgments concerning differences in financial and operational characteristics of the companies involved and other factors that could affect the
companies compared to Cavium and Marvell and the transactions compared to the Merger.

As a part of its investment banking business, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates are continually engaged in the valuation of businesses and their securities in
connection with mergers and acquisitions, investments for passive and control purposes, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and
unlisted securities, private placements, and valuations for corporate and other purposes. J.P. Morgan was selected to advise Cavium with respect to the
Merger on the basis of, among other things, such experience and its qualifications and reputation in connection with such matters and its familiarity with
Cavium, Marvell and the industries in which they operate.

For services rendered in connection with the Merger, Cavium has agreed to pay J.P. Morgan a fee of approximately $25 million, of which $3.5 million
became payable upon delivery of the opinion and the remainder will be payable only upon the completion of the Merger. In addition, Cavium has agreed
to reimburse J.P. Morgan for its expenses incurred in connection with its services, including the fees and disbursements of counsel, and will indemnify
J.P. Morgan against certain liabilities arising out of J.P. Morgan’s engagement. During the two years preceding the date of J.P. Morgan’s opinion, J.P.
Morgan and its affiliates have had commercial or investment banking relationships with Cavium for which J.P. Morgan and such affiliates have received
customary compensation. Such services during such period have included acting as sole lead arranger
 

114



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 128/263

Table of Contents

and bookrunner on Cavium’s term loan facilities in August 2016 and in March 2017 and acting as financial advisor to Cavium on its acquisition of
QLogic in August 2016. In addition, J.P. Morgan’s commercial banking affiliate is an agent bank and a lender under outstanding credit facilities of
Cavium, for which it receives customary compensation or other financial benefits. During the two years preceding delivery of its opinion ending on
November 19, 2017, neither J.P. Morgan nor its affiliates had any material financial advisory or other material commercial or investment banking
relationships with Marvell. During such two year period, the aggregate fees received by J.P. Morgan from Cavium were approximately $25 million. In
addition, as of November 2, 2017, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates held, on a proprietary basis, less than 1% of the outstanding common shares of each of
Cavium and Marvell. In the ordinary course of their businesses, J.P. Morgan and its affiliates may actively trade the debt and equity securities of Cavium
or Marvell for their own accounts or for the accounts of customers and, accordingly, they may at any time hold long or short positions in such securities.

Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Marvell Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Marvell Management Projections of Marvell Financial Information

As noted above, Marvell does not normally publicly disclose long-term projections as to future revenue, earnings or other results due to, among other
reasons, the uncertainty, unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, in connection with the evaluation of
the Merger, Marvell provided its board of directors and its financial advisor (Goldman Sachs) with certain non-public, unaudited financial forecasts
relating to Marvell that were prepared by management of Marvell (the “Marvell Management Projections”). The projections for fiscal years 2018
through 2023 were prepared for the purpose of evaluating the Merger, and not for public disclosure. Marvell provided to Cavium a subset of the Marvell
Management Projections limited to fiscal years 2018 through 2021.

The following table presents a summary of the Marvell Management Projections:
 
   Fiscal Year  
   FY2018E  FY2019E   FY2020E   FY2021E   FY2022E   FY2023E 
   (in millions, except per share data)  
Revenue   $ 2,383  $ 2,460   $ 2,655   $ 2,874   $ 3,010   $ 3,144 
EBITDA (ex-SBC) (1)   $ 678  $ 763   $ 860   $ 964   $ 1,009   $ 1,053 
Net Income (2)   $ 589  $ 679   $ 778   $ 882   $ 929   $ 974 
EPS (2)   $ 1.14  $ 1.34   $ 1.55   $ 1.78   $ 1.91   $ 2.05 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (3)    n.a.(4)  $ 575   $ 661   $ 755   $ 790   $ 825 
 
(1) “EBITDA (ex-SBC)” is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as estimated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

(EBITDA) adjusted to exclude estimated share based compensation expenses.
(2) The subset of the Marvell Management Projections Marvell provided to Cavium made certain assumptions regarding future share repurchases of

Marvell common shares by Marvell which resulted in Net Income projections of $589 in fiscal year 2018, $680 in fiscal year 2019, $780 in fiscal
year 2020 and $885 in fiscal year 2021 and EPS projections of $1.14 in fiscal year 2018, $1.31 in fiscal year 2019, $1.47 in fiscal year 2020 and
$1.64 in fiscal year 2021.

(3) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and was calculated by Goldman Sachs using the Marvell Management Projections and
certain prospective financial information provided by management of Marvell by beginning with earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT),
adding depreciation and amortization, and subtracting (a) taxes, (b) capital expenditures and (c) increases in net working capital. Unlevered free
cash flow includes stock based compensation. These calculations of unlevered free cash flow were not made available to Cavium.

(4) Goldman Sachs calculated that the estimated unlevered free cash flow of Marvell for the second half of Marvell’s fiscal year 2018 as $306 million,
but did not calculate it for the entire fiscal year 2018.

 
115



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 129/263

Table of Contents

Marvell Management Adjustment of Cavium Prospective Financial Information

Marvell provided to Goldman Sachs certain non-public unaudited financial forecasts relating to Cavium that were provided by Cavium and adjusted by
Marvell Management for the calendar years 2017 through 2026 (the “Marvell Adjusted Cavium Projections”). Cavium provided Marvell with financial
forecasts limited to calendar years 2017 through 2022. Marvell management adjusted the forecasts provided by Cavium and then extrapolated them for
calendar years 2023 through 2026.

The following table presents a summary of the Marvell Adjusted Cavium Projections that Marvell made available to Goldman Sachs, and that Goldman
Sachs used, with Marvell’s approval, for purposes of its financial analyses and fairness opinion:
 
  Calendar Year ending December 31  
  CY2017E  CY2018E  CY2019E  CY2020E  CY2021E  CY2022E  CY2023E  CY2024E  CY2025E  CY2026E 
  (in millions, except per share data)  
Revenue  $ 984  $ 1,073  $ 1,173  $ 1,291  $ 1,408  $ 1,534  $ 1,660  $ 1,784  $ 1,904  $ 2,018 
EBITDA (ex-SBC) (1)  $ 313  $ 367  $ 425  $ 505  $ 593  $ 675  $ 754  $ 830  $ 903  $ 971 
Net Income  $ 205  $ 254  $ 316  $ 393  $ 470  $ 538  $ 607  $ 674  $ 738  $ 798 
EPS  $ 2.83  $ 3.44  $ 4.23  $ 5.20  $ 6.15  $ 6.99  $ 7.82  $ 8.62  $ 9.39  $ 10.09 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (2)   n.a.(3)  $ 189  $ 214  $ 276  $ 349  $ 415  $ 479  $ 543  $ 605  $ 665 
 
(1) “EBITDA (ex-SBC)” is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as estimated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

(EBITDA) adjusted to exclude estimated share based compensation expenses.
(2) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and was calculated by Goldman Sachs using the Marvell Adjusted Cavium Projections

and certain prospective financial information provided by management of Marvell, in each case, approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by Marvell by
beginning with earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), adding depreciation and amortization, and subtracting (a) taxes, (b) capital expenditures
and (c) increases in net working capital. Unlevered free cash flow includes stock based compensation.

(3) Goldman Sachs calculated that the estimated unlevered free cash flow of Cavium for its quarter ended December 31, 2017 as $45 million.
Goldman Sachs did not calculate the estimated unlevered free cash flow of Cavium for its calendar year 2017.

Marvell Management Synergy Projections

Marvell developed and provided to Goldman Sachs projections relating to the anticipated synergies (excluding any potential tax synergies) for Marvell’s
fiscal years 2018 through 2023 that would result from the Merger (the “Marvell Management Synergy Projections”). Marvell estimated that the pre-tax
costs to achieve these synergies would be $25 million, $45 million and $30 million in fiscal years 2019, 2020 and 2021, respectively, and no costs in
fiscal years 2022 and 2023.

The following table presents a summary of the Marvell Management Synergy Projections that Marvell made available to Goldman Sachs, and that
Goldman Sachs used, with Marvell’s approval, for purposes of its respective financial analyses and fairness opinion:
 
   Fiscal Year  
   FY2018E   FY2019E   FY2020E   FY2021E   FY2022E   FY2023E 
   (in millions)  
Total Anticipated Synergies   $ 0   $ 50   $ 140   $ 200   $ 200   $ 200 

Financial Forecasts Provided by Marvell Related to Combined Marvell and Cavium

In connection with the discussions regarding the proposed Merger, Marvell developed combined Marvell and Cavium Management Projections
(“Marvell’s Combined Marvell and Cavium Management Projections” and
 

116



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 130/263

Table of Contents

together with the Marvell Management Projections, the Marvell Adjusted Cavium Projections and the Marvell Management Synergy Projections, the
“Marvell Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”) for the fiscal years 2018 through 2023 based upon Marvell Management Projections, Marvell
Adjusted Cavium Projections and Marvell Management Synergy Projections. Marvell is including Marvell’s Combined Marvell and Cavium
Management Projections in this joint proxy statement/prospectus solely because they were among the financial information made available to the
Marvell board of directors and Goldman Sachs in connection with their evaluation of the Merger, and not to influence your decision on how to vote on
any proposal. Please read carefully the section entitled “The Merger—Important Information About the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”
below.

The following table summarizes Marvell’s Combined Marvell and Cavium Management Projections, which are inclusive of synergies, provided by
Marvell for Goldman Sachs’ use and reliance for purposes of its financial analysis and opinion:
 
   Fiscal Year (1)  

   
Combined
FY2018E   

Combined
FY2019E    

Combined
FY2020E    

Combined
FY2021E    

Combined
FY2022E    

Combined
FY2023E  

   (in millions, except for per share data)  
Revenue   $ 3,367  $ 3,533   $ 3,828   $ 4,165   $ 4,418   $ 4,678 
EBITDA (ex-SBC) (2)   $ 983  $ 1,173   $ 1,417   $ 1,661   $ 1,793   $ 1,918 
Net Income    n.a.(3)  $ 938   $ 1,185   $ 1,417   $ 1,537   $ 1,647 
EPS    n.a.(3)  $ 1.37   $ 1.75   $ 2.12   $ 2.33   $ 2.54 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (4)    n.a.(5)  $ 795   $ 981   $ 1,221   $ 1,375   $ 1,473 
 
(1) Fiscal year end assumes that Marvell’s January 31 fiscal year end is equivalent to Cavium’s December fiscal year end. For example, the column

FY 2018E represents Cavium’s December 31, 2018 fiscal year end and Marvell’s January 31, 2019 fiscal year end.
(2) “EBITDA (ex-SBC)” is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as estimated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization

(EBITDA) adjusted to exclude estimated share based compensation expenses.
(3) Net Income and earnings per share were not estimated for fiscal year 2018.
(4) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure and was calculated by Goldman Sachs using the Marvell Management Projections, the

Marvell Adjusted Cavium Projections, the Marvell Management Synergies Projections and certain prospective financial information provided by
management of Marvell by beginning with earnings before interest and taxes (EBIT), adding depreciation and amortization, and subtracting
(a) taxes, (b) capital expenditures and (c) increases in net working capital. Unlevered free cash flow includes stock based compensation.

(5) Goldman Sachs calculated that the estimated Unlevered free cash flow of the combined Marvell and Cavium for its second half of fiscal year 2018
as $351 million, but did not calculate it for the entire fiscal year 2018.

Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Cavium Management Projections of Cavium Financial Information

Cavium does not normally publicly disclose long-term projections as to future revenue, earnings or other results due to, among other reasons, the
uncertainty, unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, in connection with the evaluation of the Merger,
Cavium provided the Cavium board of directors, Marvell and their respective advisors with certain non-public, unaudited non-GAAP stand-alone
financial forecasts that were prepared by management of Cavium for internal purposes of assessing a possible strategic transaction, and not for public
disclosure.

At the direction of the Cavium board of directors, each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan used unaudited financial projections for Cavium’s calendar
years 2017 through 2027 based on forecasts for calendar years 2017 through 2019, and extrapolations of such forecasts for calendar years 2020 through
2027, provided and approved
 

117



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 131/263

Table of Contents

by Cavium’s management (the “Cavium Projections”), or subsets thereof, in performing their financial analyses in connection with rendering their
respective opinions described and summarized in the section titled “The Merger—Opinions of Cavium’s Financial Advisors, Qatalyst Partners and J.P.
Morgan.” Additionally, at the direction of the Cavium board of directors, Cavium provided to Marvell a subset of the Cavium Projections limited to
calendar years 2017 through 2022. The following table presents a summary of the Cavium Projections:
 
  Calendar year ending December 31,  
  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E   2023E   2024E   2025E   2026E   2027E  
  (in millions, except per share data)  
Net revenue  $ 984  $1,106  $1,245  $1,381  $1,519  $1,656  $1,789  $1,932  $2,067  $2,212  $2,322 
Non-GAAP income from operations (1)   236   303   371   439   516   577   632   683   731   782   821 
Non-GAAP net income per share,

diluted (2)  $2.82  $ 3.58  $ 4.34  $ 4.88  $ 5.67  $ 6.24  $ 6.74  $ 7.15  $ 7.52  $ 7.91  $ 8.16 
Net Operating Profit After Taxes (3)   232   289   346   395   464   519   569   615   658   704   739 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (4)   173   279   310   363   435   493   543   587   631   675   716 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (including

Stock-Based Compensation) (5)   73   172   198   250   317   369   413   450   487   524   558 
EBITDA (6)   314   385   458   541   632   707   773   835   893   955   1,003 
 
(1) Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of stock-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, inventory charges,

amortization of acquisition related assets, acquisition and integration related costs and other non-recurring charges.
(2) Non-GAAP net income per share, diluted excludes the impact of stock-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, inventory charges,

amortization of acquisition related assets, acquisition and integration related costs and tax adjustments and other non-recurring charges.
(3) Net operating profit after taxes is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income from operations (as shown in the

table above) and subtracting estimated taxes.
(4) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income from operations (as shown in the table

above) and subtracting estimated cash taxes payable, capital expenditures and investment in net working capital, and then adding back
depreciation and amortization expenses.

(5) Unlevered free cash flow (including stock-based compensation) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income
from operations (as shown in the table above) and subtracting estimated cash taxes payable, capital expenditures, investment in net working
capital and stock-based compensation expenses, and then adding back depreciation and amortization expenses.

(6) EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as Non-GAAP income from operations plus depreciation and amortization.

In addition to the revenue forecasts set forth above that were approved by Cavium’s board of directors to be furnished to Marvell and used by
Cavium’s financial advisors in their analysis of the Merger, Cavium management also discussed potential upside scenarios where revenue could
reach as high as $975 million in 2017, $1,165 million in fiscal 2018, and $1,357 million in fiscal 2019. These upside scenario revenue forecasts
were not relied upon by either Cavium’s financial advisors or Marvell’s financial advisor in their analyses of the proposed transaction.

 
118



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 132/263

Table of Contents

Cavium Management Adjustment of Marvell Prospective Financial Information

Cavium provided to each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan certain non-public unaudited financial forecasts for Marvell’s calendar years 2017
through 2027 that were based on forecasts provided by the management of Marvell as adjusted by the management of Cavium (referred to in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Marvell Projections”). Each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan used the Adjusted Marvell Projections, or
subsets thereof, with Cavium’s approval, for purposes of their respective financial analyses and fairness opinions. The following table presents a
summary of the Adjusted Marvell Projections:
 
  Calendar year ending December 31,  
  2017E   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E   2023E   2024E   2025E   2026E   2027E  
  (In millions, except per share data)  
Net revenue  $2,384  $2,429  $2,453  $2,502  $2,552  $2,604  $2,656  $2,709  $2,763  $2,818  $2,874 
Non-GAAP income from operations (1)   591   641   665   724   751   778   804   831   858   887   916 
Non-GAAP net income per share, diluted (2)  $ 1.13  $ 1.24  $ 1.33  $ 1.43  $ 1.48  $ 1.53  $ 1.58  $ 1.64  $ 1.69  $ 1.74  $ 1.80 
Net Operating Profit After Taxes (3)   567   615   638   695   721   747   772   798   824   851   879 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (4)   608   660   682   706   732   751   770   796   821   848   877 
Unlevered Free Cash Flow (including Stock-Based

Compensation) (5)   504   557   580   608   631   651   670   697   723   751   780 
EBITDA (6)   674   725   749   787   814   836   857   885   913   941   973 
 
(1) Non-GAAP income from operations excludes the impact of stock-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, inventory charges,

amortization of acquisition related assets, acquisition and integration related costs and other non-recurring charges.
(2) Non-GAAP net income per share, diluted, excludes the impact of stock-based compensation expenses and related payroll taxes, inventory charges,

amortization of acquisition related assets, acquisition and integration related costs and tax adjustments and other non-recurring charges.
(3) Net operating profit after taxes is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income from operations (as shown in the

table above) and subtracting estimated taxes.
(4) Unlevered free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income from operations (as shown in the table

above) and subtracting estimated cash taxes payable, capital expenditures and investment in net working capital, and then adding back
depreciation and amortization expenses.

(5) Unlevered free cash flow (including stock-based compensation) is a non-GAAP financial measure calculated by starting with non-GAAP income
from operations (as shown in the table above) and subtracting estimated cash taxes payable, capital expenditures, investment in net working
capital and stock-based compensation expenses, and then adding back depreciation and amortization expenses.

(6) EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure defined as Non-GAAP income from operations plus depreciation and amortization.

Cavium Management Adjustment of Marvell Synergy Projections

Cavium provided to each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan certain forecasts relating to the anticipated synergies for the fiscal years 2018 through
2027 that would result from the Merger that were based on forecasts provided by the management of Marvell, as adjusted by the management of Cavium
(referred to in this joint proxy statement/prospectus as the “Adjusted Marvell Synergies”). Each of Qatalyst Partners and J.P. Morgan used the Adjusted
Marvell Synergies, or subsets thereof, with Cavium’s approval, for purposes of their respective financial analyses and fairness opinions. The Adjusted
Marvell Synergies include $150 million in estimated pre-
 

119



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 133/263

Table of Contents

tax cost synergies annually and one-time restructuring costs to realize synergies of $65 million in calendar year 2018, and $15 million in calendar year
2019, and also include estimated annual tax savings related to the pro forma tax structure of the combined company. The following table presents a
summary of the Adjusted Marvell Synergies:
 
   Calendar year ending December 31,  
   2018E  2019E  2020E  2021E  2022E  2023E  2024E  2025E  2026E  2027E 
   (In millions, except per share data)  
Pre-Tax Cost Synergies   $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150  $ 150 
One-Time Costs to Achieve Pre-Tax Cost

Synergies (1)    65   15   —     —     —     —     —     —     —     —   
Pro Forma Cash Tax Rate    4%   4%   4%   4%   4%   4%   4%   4%   4%   4% 
Pro Forma Tax Savings (2)   $ 2  $ 10  $ 26  $ 31  $ 35  $ 38  $ 41  $ 44  $ 47  $ 49 
 
(1) Represents estimated one-time restructuring costs to realize synergies.
(2) Represents potential tax savings to be realized by adjusting Cavium’s non-GAAP pre-tax income, based on the Cavium Projections, for the pro

forma tax structure of the combined company.

Important Information About the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

The inclusion of the Marvell Unaudited Prospective Financial Information and the Cavium Unaudited Prospective Financial Information (together the
“Unaudited Prospective Financial Information”) as provided in the above section titled “Unaudited Prospective Financial Information” in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus should not be regarded as an indication that any of Marvell, Cavium, J.P. Morgan, Qatalyst Partners, Goldman Sachs, their
advisors or any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors, partners, advisors or other representatives considered, or now considers, those
projections to be predictive of actual future results, and does not constitute an admission or representation by Marvell or Cavium that this information is
material. There can be no assurance that the projected results will be realized or that actual results will not be materially lower or higher than estimated,
whether or not the Merger is completed.

While the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information summarized above was prepared in good faith by Marvell and Cavium based on information
available at the time of preparation, no assurances can be made regarding future events or that the assumptions made in preparing the Unaudited
Prospective Financial Information will accurately reflect future conditions. In preparing the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information, Marvell’s
management and Cavium’s management made assumptions that management considered were reasonable as of the date of preparation regarding, among
other things, future economic, competitive, regulatory and financial market conditions and future business decisions that may not be realized and that are
inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, including, among others, risks and uncertainties described or incorporated by reference
in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements,” all of which are difficult to predict and many of
which are beyond the control of Marvell and Cavium and will be beyond the control of the combined company. There can be no assurance that the
underlying assumptions or projected results in the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information will be realized, and actual results will likely differ, and
may differ materially, from those reflected in the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information, whether or not the Merger is completed. As a result, the
Unaudited Prospective Financial Information cannot be considered predictive of actual future operating results, and this information should not be relied
on as such.

Since the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information covers multiple years, the information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive
year. Marvell and Cavium shareholders are urged to review the SEC filings of Marvell and Cavium for a description of risk factors with respect to the
businesses of Marvell and Cavium, as well as the risks and other factors described or incorporated by reference in the sections entitled “Risk Factors”
and “Cautionary Note Concerning Forward-Looking Statements” of this joint proxy statement/
 

120



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 134/263

Table of Contents

prospectus. The Unaudited Prospective Financial Information was prepared by Marvell and Cavium solely for internal use by Marvell, Cavium, J.P.
Morgan, Qatalyst Partners and Goldman Sachs, as the case may be, and was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was the information
prepared with a view toward compliance with published guidelines of the SEC regarding forward-looking statements and the use of non-GAAP
measures, the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial
information, or GAAP.

The Unaudited Prospective Financial Information includes certain non-GAAP financial measures. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be
considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-GAAP financial measures as
used by Marvell and Cavium may not be comparable to similarly titled amounts used by other companies. The footnotes to the tables above provide
certain supplemental information with respect to the calculation of these non-GAAP financial measures. The independent registered public accounting
firms engaged by Marvell and Cavium have not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled or applied agreed upon procedures with respect to the Unaudited
Prospective Financial Information. Accordingly, the independent registered public accounting firms engaged by Marvell and Cavium do not express an
opinion or provide any form of assurance with respect thereto. The reports of the independent registered public accounting firms engaged by Marvell
and Cavium incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus relate to the historical financial information of Marvell and Cavium.
They do not extend to the Unaudited Prospective Financial Information and should not be read to do so. The Unaudited Prospective Financial
Information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date such information was prepared.

READERS OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS ARE CAUTIONED NOT TO PLACE UNDUE RELIANCE ON THE
UNAUDITED PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION. MARVELL AND CAVIUM DO NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE
REVISE THE UNAUDITED PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE
WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE
ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING THE UNAUDITED PROSPECTIVE FINANCIAL INFORMATION ARE NO LONGER APPROPRIATE, EXCEPT
AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY LAW.

Share Ownership and Voting of Directors and Executive Officers of Marvell and Cavium

Marvell

At the close of business on the record date for the Marvell general meeting, directors and executive officers of Marvell had the right to vote 34,168,030
Marvell common shares, collectively representing approximately 6.9% of the Marvell common shares issued on that date. Further information about
ownership of Marvell common shares by directors and executive officers of Marvell may be found in Marvell’s definitive proxy statement for its 2017
annual general meeting and Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017, which is incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.

Cavium

At the close of business on the record date for the Cavium special meeting, directors and executive officers of Cavium had the right to vote 2,303,909
shares of Cavium common stock, collectively representing approximately 3.3% of the shares of Cavium common stock outstanding on that date. Further
information about ownership of Cavium common stock by directors and executive officers of Cavium may be found in Cavium’s definitive proxy
statement for its 2017 annual meeting, and Cavium’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, which is incorporated
by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.
 

121



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 135/263

Table of Contents

Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

When considering the recommendation of the Cavium board of directors that Cavium shareholders vote in favor of adopting the Merger Agreement,
Cavium shareholders should be aware that the executive officers and directors of Cavium have interests in the Merger that are different from, or in
addition to, their interests as Cavium shareholders and the interests of shareholders of Cavium generally. The Cavium board of directors was aware of
these potentially differing interests and considered them, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the Merger Agreement and in reaching its
decision to approve the Merger Agreement.

Consideration Payable for Outstanding Cavium Common Stock Pursuant to the Merger

If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved, the shares of Cavium common stock held by Cavium’s directors and executive officers will
be treated in the same manner as outstanding shares of Cavium common stock held by all other shareholders. The following table sets forth (i) the
number of shares of Cavium common stock owned as of January 19, 2018 by each of Cavium’s executive officers and directors and (ii) the number of
Marvell common shares and the aggregate Per Share Cash Amount that each executive officer and director would receive for such shares of Cavium
common stock if the closing date of the Merger occurred on such date.
 

Name   

Number of
Shares of Cavium

Common Stock
Owned    

Share Consideration
Payable in Marvell

Common Shares    

Cash Consideration
Payable in Respect of

Shares of Cavium
Common Stock  

Named Executive Officers       
Syed B. Ali    1,726,075    3,755,421   $ 69,043,008 
M. Raghib Hussain    245,442    534,008   $ 9,817,684 
Arthur D. Chadwick    —      —     $ —   
Anil K. Jain    45,074    98,067   $ 1,802,971 
Vincent P. Pangrazio    7,663    16,752   $ 306,529 
Non-Employee Directors       
Brad Buss    7,700    16,752   $ 308,020 
Edward H. Frank    5,200    11,313   $ 208,014 
Sanjay Mehrotra    69,208    150,575   $ 2,768,339 
Madhav V. Rajan    26,208    57,020   $ 1,048,336 
Anthony Thornley    5,208    11,331   $ 208,321 

 
122



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 136/263

Table of Contents

Effect of the Merger Agreement on Cavium’s Equity Awards

Treatment of Stock Options Held by Cavium Executive Officers and Directors.

As described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Stock Options,” the Merger Agreement provides that at the
Effective Time, each outstanding Cavium stock option, whether vested or unvested (“Cavium Option”) to purchase shares of Cavium common stock,
other than Cavium Options held by non-employee directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time, will be
assumed by Marvell and converted into an option to purchase Marvell common shares (a “Converted Option”), in accordance with the methodology
described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Stock Options.” The chart below shows the number of shares
underlying vested and unvested options held by each executive officer which would become Converted Options, as of and assuming the closing date of
the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018.
 

Name   

Number of Shares Underlying
Unvested Cavium Options to

be converted into Marvell
Options    

Number of Shares Underlying
Vested Cavium Options to be

Converted into Marvell
Options  

Named Executive Officers     
Syed B. Ali    83,783    478,649 
M. Raghib Hussain    51,619    61,210 
Arthur D. Chadwick    34,050    108,830 
Anil K. Jain    27,444    43,044 
Vincent P. Pangrazio    21,026    30,553 

As described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Stock Options,” the Merger Agreement provides that at the
Effective Time, each outstanding and vested Cavium option held by a non-employee member of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on
Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time (a “Director Option”), including those Director Options that become vested by their terms
immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time, will be canceled and the director will be entitled to receive a cash payment, determined in accordance
with the methodology described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Stock Options.” The table below sets forth, as
of and assuming the closing date of the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018, the Director Options held by each of Cavium’s non-employee directors
and the cash payment each director would receive upon such date based on the above formulation and assuming all Director Options held by the non-
employee directors will become vested by their terms immediately prior to the Effective Time. The unvested stock options held by non-employee
members of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors will by their terms become vested immediately prior to or as
of the Effective Time.
 

Name   

Number of Shares
Underlying Director

Options    
Estimated Cash Payment of in

Respect of Director Options  
Non-Employee Directors     
Brad Buss    0   $ 0 
Edward H. Frank    0   $ 0 
Sanjay Mehrotra    39,500   $ 1,975,255 
Madhav V. Rajan    31,000   $ 1,408,720 
Anthony S. Thornley    39,500   $ 1,975,255 

Treatment of Restricted Stock Units Held by Executives and Directors

As described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Restricted Stock Units,” the Merger Agreement provides that at
the Effective Time, each Cavium RSU that is outstanding and unvested, other than restricted stock units held by non-employee directors, will be
converted into a Converted RSU, in accordance with the methodology described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity
 

123



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 137/263

Table of Contents

Awards—Restricted Stock Units.” The table below sets forth, as of and assuming the closing date of the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018, the
number of Cavium RSUs held by each executive officer that will be subject to such conversion.
 

Name   
Number of Unvested

Cavium RSUs  
Named Executive Officers   
Syed B. Ali    137,584 
M. Raghib Hussain    116,760 
Arthur D. Chadwick    78,075 
Anil K. Jain    63,443 
Vincent P. Pangrazio    49,992 

As described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Restricted Stock Units,” the Merger Agreement provides that at
the Effective Time, each outstanding and vested Cavium RSU and each Cavium RSU held by a non-employee director, whether vested or unvested, will
be canceled and extinguished in exchange for both a cash payment and Marvell common shares, each determined in accordance with the methodology
described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Restricted Stock Units.” There were no vested RSUs held by any
executive officer as of January 19, 2018. The table below sets forth, as of and assuming the closing date of the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018, the
Cavium RSUs held by each of Cavium’s non-employee directors and the cash payment and number of Marvell common shares each director would
receive upon such date based on the above formulation in exchange for the cancellation of their Cavium RSUs.
 

Name   

Number of Cavium
RSUs held by

Director    

Estimated Cash
Payment of in

Respect of Cavium
RSUs    

Number of Marvell
Common Shares

Payable in Respect
of Cavium RSUs  

Non-Employee Directors       
Brad Buss    3,803   $ 152,124   $ 8,274 
Edward H. Frank    3,803   $ 152,124   $ 8,274 
Sanjay Mehrotra    3,803   $ 152,124   $ 8,274 
Madhav V. Rajan    3,803   $ 152,124   $ 8,274 
Anthony S. Thornley    3,803   $ 152,124   $ 8,274 

Treatment of Performance Restricted Stock Units Held by Executives

As described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units,” the Merger
Agreement provides that at the Effective Time, each outstanding and unvested Cavium PRSU will be assumed and converted into Converted PRSU with
the vesting schedule applicable to such Converted PRSU based on the vesting date set forth in the award agreement applicable to such Cavium PRSU
prior to the Effective Time, but subject only to the continued service of the grantee with Cavium, Marvell or any of their respective affiliates through the
applicable vesting date and with the number of Marvell common shares subject to the Converted PRSUs determined in accordance with the
methodology described below in “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards—Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units.” The table
below sets forth, as of and assuming the closing date of the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018, the target number of Cavium PRSUs held by each
executive officer, which will be subject to such conversion.
 

Name   
Target Number of

Cavium PRSUs  
Named Executive Officers   
Syed B. Ali    172,406 
M. Raghib Hussain    20,294 
Arthur D. Chadwick    14,487 
Anil K. Jain    11,139 
Vincent P. Pangrazio    8,331 

 
124



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 138/263

Table of Contents

Potential Severance Payments and Benefits to Executive Officers

Cavium has entered into employment agreements or offer letters with each of its executive officers, which, among other things, specify the severance
payments and/or benefits to be provided upon termination of employment in certain circumstances. Under the terms of Mr. Ali’s employment agreement
with Cavium, if Cavium terminates Mr. Ali’s employment without cause (as defined in his employment agreement) or Mr. Ali is constructively
terminated (as defined in his employment agreement), Mr. Ali will be entitled to receive $14,583 (less applicable withholding taxes) per month for a
period of 12 months and, if terminated without cause, will also receive reimbursement for health care continuation coverage for the same period, subject
to his execution of a release of claims and subject to potential reduction if he secures employment (or its equivalent) during such 12-month period.

Under Cavium’s amended and restated offer letter agreement with Mr. Hussain, if his employment is terminated without cause (as defined in his offer
letter) or Mr. Hussain resigns for good reason (as defined in his offer letter), subject to his execution of a release of claims, Mr. Hussain will be entitled
to receive a lump sum payment equal to 12 months of his base salary and payment of his COBRA premiums for up to 12 months, subject to reduction if
Mr. Hussain obtains health benefits from a subsequent employer or ceases to be eligible for COBRA coverage.

Under the terms of Mr. Jain’s offer letter agreement with Cavium, if Cavium terminates his employment for any reason, Mr. Jain is entitled to receive his
salary as well as benefits for three months after such termination.

Cavium’s offer letter agreement with Mr. Pangrazio provides that if Cavium terminates Mr. Pangrazio’s employment without cause (as defined in his
offer letter) or Mr. Pangrazio resigns for good reason (as defined in his offer letter), two-thirds of his unvested stock options and restricted stock units
will become vested and Mr. Pangrazio will receive a lump sum payment equal to six months of his base salary plus half of his target annual cash bonus
(if applicable) and payment of COBRA premiums for six months (subject to reduction if Mr. Pangrazio obtains comparable health benefits from a
subsequent employer); provided that if such qualifying termination of employment occurs within three months prior to or 12 months following a change
in control (as defined in his offer letter agreement), which would include the Merger, or Mr. Pangrazio is not offered a similar position of responsibility
within the surviving or continuing entity within three months following the change in control, Mr. Pangrazio’s unvested stock options and restricted
stock units will vest in full. Under his offer letter agreement, in the event of a change in control, Mr. Pangrazio also has agreed to assist Cavium with the
transition following a change in control for up to three months.

Under an offer letter agreement between Mr. Chadwick and Cavium, in the event his employment is terminated by Cavium other than for cause (as such
term is defined in his offer letter agreement) or Mr. Chadwick terminates his employment for good reason (as such term is defined in his offer letter
agreement), 50% of his stock options and stock awards will vest upon such termination; provided that, if such termination occurs within three months
prior to or 12 months following a change in control (as defined in his offer letter agreement), which would include the Merger, or Mr. Chadwick is not
offered the position of chief financial officer of the surviving or continuing entity within three months following the change in control, then
Mr. Chadwick’s stock options and stock awards will vest in full. Under his offer letter agreement, in the event of a change in control, Mr. Chadwick also
has agreed to assist Cavium with the transition following a change in control for up to six months.

Terms of Equity Awards Held by Executive Officers

Under the terms of the applicable equity award agreements that Cavium has entered into with its executive officers, the executive officers are entitled to
acceleration of their awards upon a qualifying termination of employment in connection with a change in control, or, in the case of certain performance
based awards, may be entitled to single trigger acceleration, followed by double trigger acceleration for the remainder of the performance period. Under
the terms of the equity awards granted to Cavium’s executive officers in February
 

125



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 139/263

Table of Contents

2014, February 2015 and February 2016, 100% of the options and restricted stock units granted to Messrs. Ali, Hussain, Chadwick, Jain, and Pangrazio
will immediately vest if the executive’s employment is terminated by Cavium without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or the executive resigns
for good reason (as defined in the award agreement) within 12 months following the change in control (as defined in the award agreement), which
would include the Merger, or, with respect to those awards granted in February 2015 and February 2016, within three months prior to or 12 months
following a change in control.

Under the terms of the options granted to Cavium’s executive officers in February 2017 and restricted stock units granted to Messrs. Hussain, Chadwick,
Jain, and Pangrazio in February 2017 and in January 2018, 100% of the awards will immediately vest if the executive’s employment is terminated by
Cavium without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or the executive resigns for good reason (as defined in the award agreement) within three
months prior to or 12 months following a change in control (as defined in the award agreement), which would include the Merger. Under the terms of
the PRSUs granted to each of Cavium’s executive officers in 2017 and 2018, which become earned based on a non-GAAP EPS performance target, if a
change of control (as defined in the award agreement), which would include the Merger, occurs on or prior to January 31, 2018 (January 31, 2019 for the
awards granted in January 2018), then 50% of the target number of PRSUs will be delivered on January 31, 2018 (January 31, 2019 for the awards
granted in January 2018), and the remaining 50% of the target number of PRSUs will be delivered on January 31, 2019 (January 31, 2020 for the awards
granted in January 2018), subject to the executive’s continuous service through such date. If following such change of control and on or prior to
January 31, 2019 (January 31, 2020 for the awards granted in January 2018) either (i) the executives employment with Cavium is terminated without
cause (as defined in the award agreement) or (ii) the executive resigns for good reason (as defined in the award agreement), then the target number of
PRSUs (less any shares previously delivered) will be delivered on the date of such termination or resignation.

Under the terms of Mr. Ali’s PRSUs granted in 2015 with a two-year revenue target, in the event there is a change of control (as defined in the award
agreement), which would include the Merger, on or prior to January 31, 2017, then two-thirds of the target shares will be delivered on January 31, 2017,
and an additional one-third of the target shares will be delivered on January 31, 2018, subject to Mr. Ali’s continuous service through such date. If
following such change of control and on or prior to January 31, 2018 either (i) Mr. Ali’s employment with Cavium is terminated without cause (as
defined in the stock award agreement) or (ii) Mr. Ali resigns for good reason (as defined in the stock award agreement), then the PRSUs will vest at the
target level on the date of such termination or resignation.

In addition, the terms of Mr. Ali’s PRSUs granted in 2015 with a stock price contingent performance target, provide that in the event a change in control
(as defined in the award agreement), which would include the Merger, occurs on or prior to January 31, 2019 and (i) neither of the stock price contingent
criteria are achieved prior to such change of control, and (ii) following such change of control (but in any case on or prior to January 31, 2019), either
(x) Mr. Ali’s employment with Cavium is terminated without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or (y) Mr. Ali resigns for good reason (as
defined in the award agreement), the PRSUs will vest at the target level on the date of such termination or resignation.

The terms of Mr. Ali’s TSR-based PRSUs granted in February 2016 provide that in the event that a change in control (as defined in the award
agreement), which would include the Merger, occurs on or prior to February 11, 2019, then the performance period will be deemed to end upon the
completion of the change of control and a pro rata portion of the shares subject to the PRSU award will vest upon such change of control. The remaining
unvested shares subject to the PRSU award will vest in equal annual installments during the performance period; provided, however, if following such
change of control and on or prior to February 12, 2019 either (i) Mr. Ali’s employment with Cavium is terminated without cause (as defined in the award
agreement) or (ii) Mr. Ali resigns for good reason (as defined in the award agreement), the PRSUs will vest at target on the date of such termination or
resignation.

The terms of the TSR-based PRSUs granted to Mr. Ali in February 2017 and in January 2018 provide that in the event that a change in control (as
defined in the award agreement), which would include the Merger, occurs on or
 

126



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 140/263

Table of Contents

prior to February 10, 2020 (February 10, 2021 for the awards granted to Mr. Ali in January 2018), then the performance period will be deemed to end
upon the completion of the change of control and the number of PRSUs that vest will be determined based on a comparison of the Cavium TSR to the
S&P Semiconductor Select Industry Index TSR for the 30 trading days prior to the first date of the performance period and the 30 trading days
immediately prior to the change in control (the “Change in Control RSUs”). A pro rata portion of the shares subject to the Change in Control RSUs will
vest upon such change of control. The remaining unvested shares subject to the Change in Control RSUs will vest in equal annual installments during
the performance period. If, following such change of control and on or prior to February 10, 2020 (or February 10, 2021 for the awards granted to Mr.
Ali in January 2018), either (i) Mr. Ali’s employment with Cavium is terminated without cause (as defined in the award agreement) or (ii) Mr. Ali
resigns for good reason (as defined in the award agreement), then any remaining unvested PRSUs will vest on the date of such termination or
resignation.

Retention Bonus

Cavium entered into retention bonus agreements with each of its executive officers, pursuant to which each executive will receive a lump sum payment
(“Retention Bonus”) equal to six months of the executive’s base salary, as in effect as of November 19, 2017, following the Closing Date (such payment
date, if any, the “Payment Date”). To receive the Retention Bonus, the executive must remain employed through the Payment Date, provided that if his
employment is terminated without cause (as defined in the retention bonus agreements) prior to the Closing Date, then the executive will receive the
Retention Bonus on the 60th day following his termination of employment.

Post-Closing Marvell Board

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to take all necessary corporate actions prior to the Effective Time such that the Chairman and two
other members of the Cavium board of directors to be designated by Marvell will become members of the Marvell board of directors at the Effective
Time.

Executive Officer Arrangements Following the Transactions

In connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement, two of Cavium’s named executive officers entered into offer letter agreements with Marvell
regarding their continued service with Marvell’s U.S. operating subsidiary after the Effective Time, which are contingent on the consummation of the
Merger.

Offer Letter Agreement with Mr. Hussain

The agreement with Marvell provides that Mr. Hussain will serve as an officer of Marvell Semiconductor, Inc., contingent on the completion of the
Merger. He will receive an annual base salary of $450,000, will be eligible for an annual target bonus of 75% of annual base salary and will be
recommended to Marvell’s Executive Compensation Committee for initial equity awards with a total value of $3,500,000. In addition, in exchange for
agreeing that, for a period of 18 months following the completion of the Merger, the changes to his compensation, duties, authority or responsibilities as
set forth in the offer letter will not form the basis for a resignation for good reason or constitute a termination of employment under his outstanding
Cavium equity awards, Mr. Hussain is permitted to elect to cause up to one half of the unvested amount of each of his Cavium equity awards that are
outstanding as of the Effective Time to vest at or after the Effective Time, without the need for any termination of Mr. Hussain’s employment.
Mr. Hussain will also be eligible to participate in Marvell’s Change in Control Severance Plan (“CIC Plan”) at the Tier 2 level, which provides the
following benefits in connection with an Involuntary Termination (as defined in the CIC Plan) within 18 months following a change in control of
Marvell: (i) lump sum payment equal to 18 months of annual base salary; (ii) 150% of annual target bonus for the fiscal year in which Involuntary
Termination occurs, and annual target bonus for fiscal year in which Involuntary Termination occurs pro-rated for the number of full months employed
during the fiscal year; (iii) acceleration of 100% of outstanding and unvested equity awards (with performance-based equity
 

127



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 141/263

Table of Contents

awards subject to adjustment as set forth in the CIC Plan); and (iv) reimbursement of 18 months of continued health coverage. Receipt of benefits under
the CIC Plan is conditioned on the execution and non-revocation of a separation and release of claims in a form satisfactory to Marvell.

Offer Letter Agreement with Mr. Jain

The agreement with Marvell provides that Mr. Jain will serve as an officer of Marvell Semiconductor, Inc., contingent on the completion of the Merger.
He will receive an annual base salary of $400,000, will be eligible for an annual target bonus of 75% of annual base salary and will be recommended to
Marvell’s Executive Compensation Committee for initial equity awards with a total value of $1,614,000. In addition, in exchange for agreeing that, for a
period of 18 months following the completion of the Merger, the changes to his compensation, duties, authority or responsibilities as set forth in the
offer letter will not form the basis for a resignation for good reason or constitute a termination of employment under his outstanding Cavium equity
awards, Mr. Jain is permitted to (a) elect to cause up to one half of the unvested amount of each of his Cavium equity awards that are outstanding as of
the Effective Time to vest upon the Effective Time, without the need for any termination of Mr. Jain’s employment, and (b) between the end of the 18-
month period following the Effective Time and second anniversary of the Effective Time, elect to cause any then-outstanding and unvested Cavium
equity awards to vest, without the need for any termination of Mr. Jain’s employment. Mr. Jain will also be eligible to participate in the CIC Plan at the
Tier 2 level, which provides the following benefits in connection with an Involuntary Termination (as defined in the CIC Plan) within 18 months
following a change in control of Marvell: (i) lump sum payment equal to 18 months of annual base salary; (ii) 150% of annual target bonus for the fiscal
year in which Involuntary Termination occurs, and annual target bonus for fiscal year in which Involuntary Termination occurs pro-rated for the number
of full months employed during the fiscal year; (iii) acceleration of 100% of outstanding and unvested equity awards (with performance-based equity
awards subject to adjustment as set forth in the CIC Plan); and (iv) reimbursement of 18 months of continued health coverage. Receipt of benefits under
the CIC Plan is conditioned on the execution and non-revocation of a separation and release of claims in a form satisfactory to Marvell.

Restrictive Covenant Agreements

On November 20, 2017, Marvell entered into non-competition and non-solicitation agreements with Messrs. Ali, Jain and Hussain, in their capacity as
substantial security holders of Cavium. Such agreements contain non-competition and non-solicitation restrictive covenants in favor of Marvell that
become effective upon the consummation of the Merger and, in the case of Messrs. Jain and Hussain, terminate in the event the executive is terminated
without cause.

Golden Parachute Compensation

The following table sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding certain compensation that will or may be paid or
become payable to each of Cavium’s “named executive officers” (as identified in accordance with SEC regulations) and that is based on or otherwise
relates to the Merger. For additional details regarding the terms of the payments described below, see the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of
Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 122.
 

128



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 142/263

Table of Contents

The amounts listed below are estimates based on multiple assumptions that may or may not actually occur, including the assumptions that the closing
date of the Merger occurred on January 19, 2018 and that each named executive officer experienced a qualifying termination of employment on such
closing date. The actual amounts, if any, to be received by a named executive officer may differ from the amounts set forth below.

Quantification of Potential Payments and Benefits to
Named Executive Officers in Connection with the Merger

 
Name   Cash ($) (1)    Equity ($) (2)    Total ($)  
Syed B. Ali   $ 250,000   $ 28,863,903   $ 29,113,903 
M. Raghib Hussain   $ 225,000   $ 13,541,331   $ 13,766,331 
Arthur D. Chadwick   $ 187,500   $ 9,100,811   $ 9,288,311 
Anil K. Jain   $ 187,500   $ 7,349,529   $ 7,537,029 
Vincent P. Pangrazio   $ 142,500   $ 5,738,791   $ 5,881,291 

 
(1) Cash. Represents the retention bonus payments that may become payable to the named executive officers under their retention bonus agreements,

as described above under the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers.” These amounts are “single
trigger” payments (that is, they are generally triggered by a change in control and not conditioned upon the executive officer’s termination or
resignation).

(2) Equity. Represents the value of the accelerated vesting of Cavium Options, Cavium RSUs and Cavium PRSUs (less exercise prices, as applicable),
which accelerated vesting generally is a “double-trigger” (that is, they are payable upon a qualifying termination that occurs within a specified
period following, and in some cases prior to, a change in control), based on the assumptions described above, provided that certain portions of the
named executive officers’ PRSUs are subject to single trigger vesting as described in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Cavium
Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 122. The value of each such accelerated Cavium Option, Cavium RSU and
Cavium PRSU is calculated at a per share value of $87.95, which was Cavium’s average closing market price over the first five business days
following the first public announcement of the Merger, as required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K, reduced by the applicable exercise price with
respect to Cavium Options. Based on such per share formula, the value of the PRSUs that would vest on a single-trigger basis is $3,241,757 for
Mr. Ali, $892,449 for Mr. Hussain, $637,081 for Mr. Chadwick, $489,849 for Mr. Jain, and $366,365 for Mr. Pangrazio based on such per share
formula and for Mr. Hussain and Mr. Jain, an additional $6,621,796 and $3,579,863 could vest, respectively, on a single-trigger basis with respect
to their Cavium Options and Cavium RSUs pursuant to the terms of their offer letters with Marvell, as described under the section entitled “The
Merger—Interests of Cavium Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger,” beginning on page 122. The remainder of the amounts for each
executive vest on a double-trigger basis.

 

Name   

Value of Cavium
Stock Option

Payments    

Value of
Cavium RSU

Payments    
Value of

All PRSUs  
Syed B. Ali   $ 2,418,496   $12,100,788   $14,344,620 
M. Raghib Hussain   $ 1,487,158   $10,269,276   $ 1,784,898 
Arthur D. Chadwick   $ 959,798   $ 6,866,853   $ 1,274,161 
Anil K. Jain   $ 789,893   $ 5,579,939   $ 979,698 
Vincent P. Pangrazio   $ 609,167   $ 4,396,897   $ 732,729 

Voting Agreements

Concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Syed B. Ali, Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the board of
directors of Cavium, entered into a voting agreement with
 

129



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 143/263

Table of Contents

Marvell (the “Ali Voting Agreement”) with respect to all shares of Cavium common stock beneficially owned by him, and any additional shares of
Cavium common stock and any other voting securities of Cavium of which he acquires record and/or beneficial ownership of after the date of the Ali
Voting Agreement (the “Ali Voting Agreement Shares”). As of the date of the Ali Voting Agreement, Mr. Ali beneficially owned 1,813,333 shares of
Cavium common stock (approximately 2.62% of Cavium’s total issued and outstanding shares). Pursuant to the Ali Voting Agreement, Mr. Ali has
agreed, unless otherwise directed in writing by Marvell, to vote all of the Ali Voting Agreement Shares (a) in favor of (i) the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and the approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and (ii) any action in furtherance of any of
the foregoing; (b) against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Cavium in the
Merger Agreement; and (c) against any action, agreement, proposal or transaction involving Cavium or any of its subsidiaries which is intended, or
could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or adversely affect the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Ali Voting Agreement. Under the Ali Voting Agreement, Mr. Ali has granted to Marvell (and its
designees) an irrevocable proxy to vote the Ali Voting Agreement Shares as provided above.

By its terms, the Ali Voting Agreement, including the irrevocable proxy granted thereunder, will terminate upon the earliest of: (a) the date upon which
the Merger Agreement is validly terminated; (b) the date upon which the Merger becomes effective; (c) the date of any amendment, modification or
supplement to the Merger Agreement, in each such case if such amendment, modification or supplement materially and adversely affects the economic
interests or share ownership of Cavium’s shareholders; (d) the date upon which Marvell and Mr. Ali agree to terminate the Ali Voting Agreement in
writing; (e) the date upon which the Marvell board of directors makes a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined below in “The Merger
Agreement—Shareholder Meetings; No Change in Board Recommendation”); (f) the date upon which the Cavium board of directors makes a Cavium
Adverse Recommendation Change (as defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Shareholder Meetings; No Change in Board Recommendation”); and
(g) the date of any Marvell Triggering Event (as defined below in “The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement”).

Separately, concurrently with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, the Starboard Shareholders entered into a voting agreement with
Cavium (the “Starboard Voting Agreement”) with respect to all Marvell common shares beneficially owned by them, and any additional Marvell
common shares and any other voting securities of Marvell which they acquire record and/or beneficial ownership of after the date of the Starboard
Voting Agreement (the “Starboard Voting Agreement Shares”). As of the date of the Starboard Voting Agreement, the Starboard Shareholders
beneficially owned approximately 6.9% of Marvell’s total issued shares. Pursuant to the Starboard Voting Agreement, the Starboard Shareholders have
agreed, unless otherwise directed in writing by Cavium, to vote all of the Starboard Voting Agreement Shares (a) in favor of the Marvell Share Issuance
and in favor of any action in furtherance of the Marvell Share Issuance; (b) against any action or agreement that would result in a breach of any
representation, warranty, covenant or obligation of Marvell in the Merger Agreement; and (c) against any action, agreement, proposal or transaction
involving Marvell or any of its subsidiaries which is intended, or could reasonably be expected, to impede, interfere with, delay, postpone, discourage or
adversely affect the Marvell Share Issuance or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or the Starboard Voting Agreement.
Under the Starboard Voting Agreement, the Starboard Shareholders have granted to Cavium (and its designees) an irrevocable proxy to vote the
Starboard Voting Agreement Shares as provided above.

By its terms, the Starboard Voting Agreement, including the irrevocable proxy granted thereunder, will terminate upon the earliest of: (a) the date upon
which the Merger Agreement is validly terminated; (b) the date upon which the Merger becomes effective; (c) the date of any amendment, modification
or supplement to the Merger Agreement, in each such case if such amendment, modification or supplement materially and adversely affects the
economic interests or share ownership of Marvell’s shareholders; (d) the date upon which Cavium and the Starboard Shareholders agree to terminate the
Starboard Voting Agreement in writing; (e) the date upon which the Marvell board of directors makes a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change;
(f) the date upon which the
 

130



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 144/263

Table of Contents

Cavium board of directors makes a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change; and (g) the date of any Cavium Triggering Event (as defined below in
“The Merger Agreement—Termination of the Merger Agreement”).

Indemnification of Directors and Officers

Marvell Indemnification

Marvell was formed under the laws of Bermuda. Set forth below is a description of certain provisions of the Companies Act, Marvell’s Memorandum of
Association, and Marvell’s Bye-laws, as such provisions relate to the indemnification of Marvell’s directors and officers. This description is intended
only as a summary and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the applicable provisions of the Companies Act, Marvell’s Memorandum of
Association, and Marvell’s Bye-laws, which are incorporated herein by reference.

The Companies Act permits Marvell to indemnify its directors or officers in their capacity as such in respect of any loss arising or liability attaching to
them by virtue of any rule of law in respect of any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of which a director or officer may be guilty in
relation to Marvell other than in respect of his or her own fraud or dishonesty.

The Bye-laws provide that every director, officer, committee member and any resident representative of Marvell be indemnified and secured harmless
out of the assets of Marvell from and against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages or expenses incurred or sustained in such capacity, and none of
them shall be answerable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of the others of them subject to limitations imposed in the Companies Act and
provided that the indemnity shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty.

Section 32 of the Bye-laws stipulates that each shareholder and Marvell agree to waive any claim or right of action against any director, officer or
committee member, in respect of any failure to act or any action taken by such director, officer or committee member in the performance of his or her
duties with or for Marvell. The waiver does not extend to claims arising under United States federal securities laws or any claims, rights of action arising
from the fraud of the director, officer, committee member or to recover any gain, personal profit or advantage to which such individual is not legally
entitled.

Cavium Indemnification

Cavium is a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware. Set forth below is a description of certain provisions of the DGCL, Cavium’s
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the “Certificate of Incorporation”) and Cavium’s Amended and Restated Bylaws (the “Bylaws”), as such
provisions relate to the indemnification of Cavium’s directors and officers. This description is intended only as a summary and is qualified in its entirety
by reference to the applicable provisions of the DGCL, Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation, and Cavium’s Bylaws, which are incorporated herein by
reference.

Section 145 of the DGCL empowers a Delaware corporation to indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any
threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the
right of such corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such corporation, or is or was serving
at the request of such corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or enterprise. In accordance with Section 145 of the
DGCL, Article VI, Section B of Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation authorizes Cavium to indemnify its agents (as defined in Section 317 of the
California General Corporation Law (“CGCL”)) for breach of duty to the corporation and its shareholders through bylaw provisions or through
agreements with the agents, or through shareholder resolutions, or otherwise, in excess of the indemnification otherwise permitted by Section 317 of the
CGCL, subject at any time or times the corporation is subject to Section 2115(b) to the limits on such excess indemnification set forth in Section 204 of
the CGCL. Article VI, Section A of Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation provides that Cavium’s directors will not be personally liable
 

131



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 145/263

Table of Contents

to Cavium or its shareholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability (i) for any breach of the director’s duty
of loyalty to Cavium or its shareholders, (ii) for acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) under Section 174 of the DGCL or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived an improper personal benefit.

Cavium has entered into indemnification agreements with its executive officers and directors which require Cavium, among other things, to (i)
indemnify the officer or director, under the circumstances and to the extent provided for therein, for expenses, damages, judgments, fines and
settlements he or she may be required to pay in actions or proceedings which he or she is or may be made a party by reason of his or her position as a
director, officer or other agent of Cavium, and otherwise to the fullest extent permitted under Delaware law and Cavium’s Bylaws and (ii) advance
expenses the officer or director may be required to pay in such actions or proceedings.

Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, all indemnification rights existing in favor of the directors and officers of Cavium and its subsidiaries
for their acts and omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time, as set forth in Cavium and its subsidiaries’ respective organizational documents and as
provided in any indemnification agreements between Cavium or its subsidiaries, on the one hand, and their respective directors and officers, on the other
hand, will survive the Merger and will remain in effect for a period of six years from the Effective Time to the fullest extent such indemnification rights
are available under and consistent with Delaware law.

In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that, for a period of six years from the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation (as defined below in “The
Merger Agreement—The Merger”) will maintain in effect, for the benefit of the directors and officers of Cavium and its subsidiaries and with respect to
such directors’ and officers’ acts and omissions made in such capacity prior to the Effective Time, the existing directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
policy maintained by Cavium as of November 19, 2017, to the extent that such insurance coverage is available on commercially reasonable terms, or a
substitute policy or policies of comparable coverage is or are available. The Merger Agreement also provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the
Surviving Corporation will not be required to pay an annual premium for the existing (or any substitute) directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
policy in excess of 250% of the annual premium currently paid by Cavium for such policy (the “Maximum Premium”). The Merger Agreement further
provides that, if any future annual premiums for the existing (or any substitute) directors’ and officers’ insurance policy exceeds Maximum Premium,
the Surviving Corporation will be entitled to reduce the amount of coverage of the existing (or any substitute) directors’ and officers’ insurance policy to
the amount of coverage that can be obtained for a premium equal to the Maximum Premium.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, prior to the Effective Time, Cavium may purchase a pre-paid, non-cancellable “tail” policy on the existing
directors’ and officers’ insurance policy on terms and conditions no less favorable than its existing directors’ and officers’ insurance policy for a claims
reporting or discovery period of six years from the Effective Time; provided, however, that Cavium may not expend an amount for such “tail” policy
that exceeds the Maximum Premium without Marvell’s prior written consent. The Merger Agreement provides that, if Cavium purchases such “tail”
policy, the Surviving Corporation will, and Marvell will cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain such “tail” policy in full force and effect and
continue its obligations thereunder, instead of the obligations of the Surviving Corporation to maintain Cavium’s existing policy of directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance or any substitute for such policy.

Regulatory Approvals Required for the Merger

The completion of the Merger is subject to compliance with the HSR Act. Marvell and Cavium filed the notifications required under the HSR Act with
the Premerger Notification Office of the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice on December 27, 2017.

The completion of the Merger is also subject to compliance with applicable foreign antitrust laws. Under the Merger Agreement, the parties have agreed
to provide applicable notifications under the antitrust laws of the People’s Republic of China and Poland.
 

132



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 146/263

Table of Contents

Under the Merger Agreement, each of Marvell and Cavium has agreed to use reasonable best efforts, subject to specified limitations, to take, or cause to
be taken, all actions necessary to complete the Merger and make effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including
obtaining CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM approval. See “The Merger Agreement—Efforts to Complete the Merger” and “The Merger Agreement—
Conditions to Completion of the Merger” for more information.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, “CFIUS Approval” will be deemed to have been obtained if: (a) CFIUS has concluded that none of the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement is a “covered transaction” subject to review under the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended
(and all rules and regulations thereunder) (the “DPA”); (b) CFIUS has issued a written notice that it has completed a review or investigation of the
notification voluntarily provided pursuant to the DPA with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, and has concluded all
action under the DPA; or (c) CFIUS has sent a report to the President of the United States requesting the President’s decision and (i) the President has
announced a decision not to take any action to suspend or prohibit the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (ii) the President has not
taken any formal written action within 15 days after the date on which the President received such report from CFIUS; provided, however, that if the
written notice described in clause “(b)” above requires or contemplates that Marvell or any of its affiliates take or agree to take, or will take or agree to
take, any actions that would, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to constitute a Burdensome Condition (other than a Burdensome
Condition to which Marvell had previously agreed in writing), then the issuance of such written notice will not constitute CFIUS Approval.

Litigation Related to the Merger

Five putative class actions challenging the Merger have been filed on behalf of Cavium shareholders. Four of the complaints were filed in the United
States District Court for the Northern District of California. On January 2, 2018, a putative class action was filed by Scott Fineberg (Fineberg v. Cavium
et al.). On January 8, 2018, a putative class action was filed by Tammy Raul (Raul v. Cavium et al.). Also on January 8, 2018, a putative class action was
filed by Shiva Stein (Stein v. Cavium et al.). Finally, on January 12, 2018, a putative class action was filed by Jordan Rosenblatt (Rosenblatt v. Cavium et
al.).

These four complaints assert claims for violation of Section 14(a) of and Rule 14a-9 promulgated under the Exchange Act based on allegations that the
registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Marvell with the SEC on December 21, 2017 omits material information. Two of the complaints are filed
against Cavium and its directors; the other two complaints name those defendants as well as Marvell and Merger Sub. All complaints also assert control
person claims under Section 20(a) of the Exchange Act against the Cavium board of directors.

On January 29, 2018, a fifth putative class action was filed by Paul Berger in the Superior Court of California for the County of Monterey (Berger v.
Cavium et al.). The complaint in Berger v. Cavium, et al. alleges that Cavium’s directors breached their fiduciary duties in connection with the Marvell
transaction and that the registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Marvell with the SEC on December 21, 2017 omits material information.

Marvell and Cavium believe the allegations and claims asserted in the five putative class actions are without merit.

Shareholders may file additional lawsuits challenging the Merger, which may name Cavium, Marvell, members of the boards of directors of either party,
or others as defendants. No assurance can be made as to the outcome of such lawsuits or the lawsuits described above, including the amount of costs
associated with defending these claims or any other liabilities that may be incurred in connection with the litigation of these claims. If plaintiffs are
successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the parties from completing the Merger on the agreed-upon terms, such an injunction may delay the
completion of the Merger in the expected timeframe, or may prevent the Merger from being completed altogether.
 

133



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 147/263

Table of Contents

Dividend Policy Following the Merger

The payment of dividends by Marvell after the Merger is subject to the determination of its board of directors. Decisions regarding whether or not to pay
dividends and the amount of any dividends will be based on the judgment of the Marvell board of directors, compliance with the Companies Act,
compliance with the Merger Agreement and with agreements governing Marvell’s indebtedness (including the Facilities (as defined below)), earnings,
cash requirements, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition, developments in ongoing litigation, the best interests of Marvell and its
shareholders, and other factors that the Marvell board of directors may consider important. While Marvell anticipates that it would continue to pay
dividends, Marvell can make no assurances that this will be the case.

No Financing Condition; Financing

Marvell’s obligation to complete the Merger is not subject to a financing condition. Marvell anticipates that it will need approximately $3.4 billion in
order to pay Cavium’s shareholders the cash portion of the Merger Consideration under the Merger Agreement, to refinance certain existing
indebtedness of Cavium and to pay related fees and expenses. Marvell has entered into a Debt Commitment Letter (as defined below in “The Merger
Agreement—Financing Matters”) with the financial institutions party thereto (together, the “Initial Lenders”) to provide commitments for (a) a $900
million three-year term loan facility (the “Term Loan Facility”) and (b) an $850 million, 364-day bridge facility (the “Bridge Facility” and, together with
the Term Loan Facility, the “Facilities”).

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Debt Commitment Letter, the Initial Lenders have committed to provide the full amount of the Term Loan
Facility and the full amount of the Bridge Facility. The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility and the Bridge Facility (or permanent debt financing incurred
in lieu of the Bridge Facility) will be used, together with cash on hand of Marvell and Cavium and/or other available financing resources, (a) to finance
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (b) to refinance certain existing indebtedness of
Cavium and (c) to pay certain related transaction costs.

The Initial Lenders’ commitments under the Debt Commitment Letter include conditions typical for facilities of this kind, including a condition as to the
execution and delivery of the definitive financing documentation for the Facilities by Marvell and certain of its subsidiaries.

In lieu of borrowing, in whole or in part, under the Bridge Facility, Marvell may incur permanent debt financing. In addition, in connection with the
Merger, Marvell may obtain a revolving credit facility, borrowings under which will be used for general corporate purposes of Marvell and its
subsidiaries. There can be no assurance, however, that Marvell will be able to obtain any such permanent debt financing or revolving credit facility.

Maturity

The Term Loan Facility will mature on the date that is three years after the date of funding under the Term Loan Facility. The Bridge Facility will
mature on the date that is 364 days after the date of funding under the Bridge Facility. Neither the Term Loan Facility nor the Bridge Facility requires
any scheduled amortization prior to the final maturity thereof.

Commitment Reductions and Prepayments

Voluntary reductions of the unutilized commitments with respect to the Facilities and prepayments of borrowings under the Facilities will be permitted
at any time, in minimum principal amounts to be set forth in the definitive documentation for the Facilities, without premium or penalty.
 

134



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 148/263

Table of Contents

Subject to certain exceptions and thresholds, the Bridge Facility will be required to be prepaid with (or, prior to the borrowing thereunder, commitments
with respect to the Bridge Facility will be required to be reduced by the amount of) net cash proceeds of (a) non-ordinary course asset sales or other
dispositions and (b) the issuance of certain equity securities or the incurrence of certain indebtedness. The Term Loan Facility does not require
mandatory prepayments or commitment reductions.

Guarantees and Collateral

The Term Loan Facility and the Bridge Facility will be senior unsecured obligations of Marvell and certain of its subsidiaries that are required to
become guarantors under the Facilities (the “Subsidiary Guarantors”), unless Marvell does not obtain an investment grade rating from at least two of
S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, in which case the obligations of Marvell and the Subsidiary Guarantors under the Facilities
will be secured on a first-priority basis by substantially all of the assets of Marvell and the Subsidiary Guarantors, subject to certain exceptions.

Covenants and Events of Default

The Facilities will contain a number of negative covenants (to be applicable to Marvell and its subsidiaries) that, subject to certain exceptions, include
limitations on, among other things:
 

 •  indebtedness;
 

 •  liens;
 

 •  sale and leaseback transactions;
 

 •  restrictive agreements;
 

 •  mergers and other fundamental changes;
 

 •  sales and other dispositions of assets (including subsidiary shares); and
 

 
•  if Marvell does not obtain an investment grade rating from at least two of S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, dividends and other restricted junior

payments and acquisitions and other investments.

The Facilities will also contain a total leverage ratio financial covenant requiring that the ratio of consolidated total indebtedness of Marvell to
consolidated EBITDA of Marvell does not exceed 3.00 to 1.00.

The Facilities will contain a number of customary events of default permitting, among other things, acceleration of the final maturity of the Facilities in
the event of an occurrence thereof.

Listing of Marvell Common Shares and Delisting and Deregistration of Cavium Common Stock

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell and Cavium have agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take all actions required to be taken
under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder or any applicable state
securities or “blue sky” laws and the rules and regulations thereunder in connection with the issuance, exchange and listing of the Marvell common
shares to be issued to Cavium shareholders in connection with the Merger. The authorization and approval for listing of such shares on NASDAQ,
subject to official notice of issuance, is a condition to the obligation of each of Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium to complete the Merger. The Marvell
common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger will trade under the symbol “MRVL” and will be fully fungible with the Marvell common
shares currently trading under that symbol.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed to, prior to the Effective Time, cooperate with Marvell and use its reasonable best efforts to take all
actions reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to enable Cavium common
 

135



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 149/263

Table of Contents

stock to be delisted from NASDAQ and deregistered under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable after the Merger is completed. After such time,
Cavium will no longer be a public company wand will no longer file periodic and other reports with the SEC.

Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders

Because Cavium is a Delaware corporation, under Section 262 of the DGCL, if you are a Cavium shareholder, you have the right to dissent from the
Merger and to receive payment in cash for the “fair value” of your shares of common stock as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, together
with interest, if any, as determined by the court, but exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, in
lieu of the Merger Consideration you would otherwise be entitled to pursuant to the Merger Agreement. These rights are known as appraisal rights.
Cavium shareholders electing to exercise appraisal rights must comply with the provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL in order to perfect their rights.
Cavium will require strict compliance with the statutory procedures.

The following is intended as a brief summary of the material provisions of the Delaware statutory procedures required to be followed properly and in a
timely manner by a Cavium shareholder in order to dissent from the Merger and perfect appraisal rights.

This summary, however, is not a complete statement of all applicable requirements and is qualified in its entirety by reference to Section 262 of the
DGCL, the full text of which appears in Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Failure to precisely follow any of the statutory procedures
set forth in Section 262 of the DGCL may result in a termination or waiver of your appraisal rights. Moreover, due to the complexity of the
procedures for exercising appraisal rights, shareholders who are considering exercising such rights are encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel.
This summary does not constitute any legal or other advice, nor does it constitute a recommendation that you exercise your appraisal rights under
Section 262 of the DGCL. All references in Section 262 of the DGCL and in this summary to a “shareholder” are to the record holder of shares of
Cavium common stock, unless otherwise indicated.

Section 262 of the DGCL requires that stockholders for whom appraisal rights are available be notified not less than 20 days before the stockholders’
meeting where the Merger Agreement will be voted on that appraisal rights will be available. A copy of Section 262 of the DGCL must be included with
such notice. This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes Cavium’s notice to Cavium shareholders of the availability of appraisal rights in
connection with the Merger in compliance with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL and a copy of Section 262 of the DGCL is attached hereto
as Annex E. If you wish to consider exercising your appraisal rights, you should carefully review the text of Section 262 of the DGCL contained in
Annex E to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, since failure to timely and properly comply with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL will
result in the loss of your appraisal rights under the DGCL.

If you elect to demand appraisal of your shares, you must satisfy each of the following conditions.
 

 

•  You must deliver to Cavium a written demand for appraisal of your shares before the vote with respect to the Merger Agreement is taken.
This written demand for appraisal must be in addition to and separate from any proxy or vote abstaining from or voting against the adoption
of the Merger Agreement. Voting against or failing to vote for the adoption of the Merger Agreement by itself does not constitute a demand
for appraisal within the meaning of Section 262 of the DGCL.

 

 

•  You must not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement. A vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement in person at
the Cavium special meeting or the submission of a proxy in favor of the Merger Agreement by mail, over the Internet or by telephone (that
is not subsequently revoked), will constitute a waiver of your appraisal rights in respect of the shares so voted and will nullify any
previously filed written demands for appraisal. A submitted proxy that does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in
favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement.

 
136



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 150/263

Table of Contents

 
Therefore, a Cavium shareholder who submits a proxy and who wishes to exercise and perfect appraisal rights must vote against the Merger
Agreement, abstain from voting on the Merger Agreement or revoke any previously submitted proxy in favor of the Merger Agreement.

 

 
•  You must continue to hold your shares of common stock through the effective date of the Merger. Therefore, a Cavium shareholder who is

the record holder of shares of common stock on the date the written demand for appraisal is made but who thereafter transfers the shares
prior to the effective date of the Merger will lose any right to appraisal with respect to such shares.

If you fail to comply with any of these conditions and the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive the Merger Consideration, but you will
have no appraisal rights with respect to your shares of Cavium common stock.

All demands for appraisal should be addressed to Cavium, Inc., 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, Attn: General Counsel, and must be
delivered before the vote on the Merger Agreement is taken at the Cavium special meeting and must be executed by, or on behalf of, the record holder of
the shares of common stock, fully and correctly, as the shareholder’s name appears in the stock ledger. The demand must reasonably inform Cavium of
the identity of the Cavium shareholder, and the intention of the Cavium shareholder to demand appraisal of his, her or its shares of common stock.

Beneficial owners who do not also hold their shares of common stock of record may not directly make appraisal demands to Cavium. The beneficial
holder must, in such cases, have the registered owner, such as a broker, bank, trust company or other nominee, submit the required demand in respect of
those shares. If shares of common stock are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, execution of a demand
for appraisal should be made by or for the fiduciary, and if the shares of common stock are owned of record by more than one person, as in a joint
tenancy or tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or for all joint owners. An authorized agent, including an authorized agent for two or
more joint owners, may execute the demand for appraisal for a shareholder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or owners, and
expressly disclose the fact that, in executing the demand, he or she is acting as agent for the record owner. A record owner, such as a broker, who holds
shares of common stock as a nominee for others, may exercise his or her right of appraisal with respect to the shares of common stock held for one or
more beneficial owners, while not exercising this right for other beneficial owners. In that case, the written demand should state the number of shares of
common stock as to which appraisal is sought. Where no number of shares is expressly stated, the demand will be presumed to cover all shares held in
the name of the record owner.

If you hold your shares of common stock in an account with a broker, bank, trust company or other nominee, and you wish to exercise appraisal rights,
you are urged to consult with your broker, bank, trust company or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for making a demand for
appraisal.

Within 10 days after the closing date of the Merger, the Surviving Corporation must give written notice that the Merger has become effective to each
former Cavium shareholder who has properly filed a written demand for appraisal and who did not vote in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement. At any time within 60 days after the Effective Time of the Merger, any former Cavium shareholder who has demanded an appraisal and who
has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined such a proceeding as a named party, will have the right to withdraw the demand for appraisal and
to accept the cash payment specified by the Merger Agreement for his, her or its shares of common stock; after this 60-day period, the former Cavium
shareholder may withdraw such demand for appraisal only with the written consent of the Surviving Corporation. Within 120 days after the closing date
of the Merger, any former Cavium shareholder who has complied with Section 262 of the DGCL will, upon written request to the Surviving
Corporation, be entitled to receive a written statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the adoption of the Merger
Agreement and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received, and the aggregate number of holders of such shares. A person who is
the beneficial owner of shares of common stock held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such
 

137



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 151/263

Table of Contents

person may, in such person’s own name, request from the Surviving Corporation the statement described in the previous sentence. Such written
statement will be mailed to the requesting former Cavium shareholder within 10 days after such written request is received by the Surviving Corporation
or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal, whichever is later. Within 120 days after the closing date of the
Merger, but not thereafter, either the Surviving Corporation or any former Cavium shareholder who has complied with the requirements of Section 262
of the DGCL, and who is otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Delaware Court of
Chancery demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares of common stock held by Cavium shareholders who have complied with the
requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL and who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights. A person who was the beneficial owner of shares of
common stock held in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name, file the petition described in the
previous sentence. Upon the filing of the petition by a former Cavium shareholder, service of a copy of such petition must be made upon Cavium, as the
Surviving Corporation. The Surviving Corporation has no obligation to file such a petition if there are dissenting former Cavium shareholders.
Accordingly, the failure of a former Cavium shareholder to file such a petition within the period specified could nullify the former Cavium shareholder’s
previously written demand for appraisal. There is no present intent on the part of Cavium to file an appraisal petition, and Cavium shareholders seeking
to exercise appraisal rights should not assume that Cavium will file such a petition or that Cavium will initiate any negotiations with respect to the fair
value of such shares. Accordingly, Cavium shareholders who desire to have their shares appraised should initiate any petitions necessary for the
perfection of their appraisal rights within the time periods and in the manner prescribed in Section 262 of the DGCL.

If a petition for appraisal is timely filed by a former Cavium shareholder and a copy of the petition is delivered to the Surviving Corporation, the
Surviving Corporation will then be obligated, within 20 days after receiving service of a copy of the petition, to file with the Delaware Register in
Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and addresses of all former Cavium shareholders who have demanded an appraisal of their shares,
and with whom agreements as to the value of their shares have not been reached by the Surviving Corporation. After notice is made to dissenting former
Cavium shareholders who demanded appraisal of their shares as required by the Delaware Court of Chancery, the Delaware Court of Chancery is
empowered to conduct a hearing upon the petition to determine those former Cavium shareholders who have complied with Section 262 of the DGCL
and who have become entitled to the appraisal rights thereunder. Under Delaware law, the Delaware Court of Chancery may require former shareholders
who have demanded appraisal of their shares and who held stock represented by certificates to submit their stock certificates to the Delaware Register in
Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings, and if any such former shareholder who held stock represented by
certificates fails to comply with that direction, the Delaware Court of Chancery may dismiss the proceedings as to that former shareholder. The
Delaware Court of Chancery shall dismiss the appraisal proceeding unless (i) the total number of shares entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the
outstanding shares of common stock eligible for appraisal or (ii) the value of the consideration provided in the Merger for such total number of shares of
common stock exceeds $1 million.

After the Delaware Court of Chancery determines which former Cavium shareholders are entitled to appraisal of their shares of common stock, the
appraisal proceeding will be conducted in accordance with the rules of the Delaware Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing
appraisal proceedings. Through such proceeding, the Delaware Court of Chancery will appraise the shares of common stock held by former Cavium
shareholders who have complied with the requirements of Section 262 of the DGCL and who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, determining the
fair value of the shares exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the Merger, together with interest, if any, to
be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value (or, in certain circumstances described below, on the difference between the amount determined
to be the fair value and the amount paid to each shareholder entitled to appraisal prior to the entry of judgment in the appraisal proceeding). Unless the
Delaware Court of Chancery in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, interest from the effective date of the Merger through the date
of payment of the judgment will be compounded quarterly, and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge), as
established from time to time during the period between the closing date of the
 

138



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 152/263

Table of Contents

Merger and the date of payment of the judgment. When the fair value is determined, the Delaware Court of Chancery will direct the payment of such
value, with interest thereon accrued during the pendency of the proceeding, if the Delaware Court of Chancery so determines, to the former Cavium
shareholders entitled to receive the same (in the case of shares represented by certificates, payment will not be made until such certificates are
surrendered to the Surviving Corporation). At any time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings, the Surviving Corporation may pay to each
former shareholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case interest shall accrue thereafter only upon the sum of (i) the difference, if any,
between the amount paid and the fair value of the shares as determined by the Delaware Court of Chancery, and (ii) interest theretofore accrued, unless
paid at that time.

In determining fair value, and, if applicable, interest, the Delaware Court of Chancery is required to take into account all relevant factors. In Weinberger
v. UOP, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court discussed the factors that could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating
that “proof of value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial community and otherwise admissible in
court” should be considered, and that “fair price obviously requires consideration of all relevant factors involving the value of a company.”

Section 262 of the DGCL provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the
Merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor, Inc., the Delaware Supreme Court stated that such exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass
known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such accomplishment or expectation. In
Weinberger, the Delaware Supreme Court construed Section 262 of the DGCL to mean that “elements of future value, including the nature of the
enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the Merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered.”

You should be aware that the fair value of your shares of common stock as determined under Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as,
or less than the value that you are entitled to receive under the terms of the Merger Agreement if you did not seek appraisal of your shares. Investment
banking opinions as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the Merger Consideration are not necessarily opinions as to fair value under
Section 262 of the DGCL.

Costs of the appraisal proceeding may be imposed upon the Surviving Corporation and the former Cavium shareholders participating in the appraisal
proceeding by the Delaware Court of Chancery as the Court deems equitable in the circumstances. Upon the application of a former Cavium
shareholder, the Delaware Court of Chancery may order all or a portion of the expenses incurred by any former Cavium shareholder in connection with
the appraisal proceeding, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the
value of all shares entitled to appraisal. Any former Cavium shareholder who had demanded appraisal rights will not, after the Effective Time, be
entitled to vote shares subject to that demand for any purpose, or to receive payments of dividends or any other distribution with respect to those shares,
other than with respect to payment as of a record date prior to the Effective Time; however, if no petition for appraisal is filed within 120 days after the
Effective Time, or if the former Cavium shareholder delivers a written withdrawal of his, her or its demand for appraisal, and an acceptance of the terms
of the Merger within 60 days after the Effective Time (or thereafter with approval of the Surviving Corporation), then the right of that former Cavium
shareholder to appraisal will cease and that former Cavium shareholder will be entitled to receive the cash payment for shares of his, her or its shares of
common stock pursuant to the Merger Agreement. No appraisal proceeding in the Delaware Court of Chancery will be dismissed as to any former
Cavium shareholder without the prior approval of the Court, and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the Delaware Court of Chancery
deems just; provided, however, that any former Cavium shareholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a
named party will maintain the right to withdraw its demand for appraisal, and to accept the cash that such holder would have received pursuant to the
Merger Agreement within 60 days after the effective date of the Merger.
 

139



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 153/263

Table of Contents

In view of the complexity of Section 262 of the DGCL, Cavium shareholders who may wish to dissent from the Merger and pursue appraisal rights
should consult their legal advisors. To the extent there are any inconsistencies between the foregoing summary and Section 262 of the DGCL,
Section 262 of the DGCL will govern.

No Rights of Appraisal for Marvell Shareholders

Holders of Marvell common shares will not have any rights of appraisal as a result of the Merger.

Accounting Treatment

The Merger will be accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting with Marvell as the accounting acquiror.
Marvell’s shareholders immediately prior to the Effective Time will continue to own the majority of the Marvell common shares after the Effective
Time.

Shareholder Rights Plan

Cavium has not adopted a shareholder rights plan. Pursuant to Marvell’s Bye-laws, Marvell’s board of directors has the right to adopt a shareholder
rights plan, provided that any such plan adopted would have a term of less than 12 months following adoption of the plan or be submitted to Marvell’s
shareholders for approval not more than 12 months following the adoption of the plan. Marvell’s board has not adopted a shareholder rights plan to date.

Anti-takeover Statute

A corporation can elect not to be governed by Section 203 of the DGCL, which generally protects publicly-traded Delaware corporations from hostile
takeovers, and from actions following such takeover. Cavium’s board of directors has approved the Merger, thereby making Section 203 of the DGCL
inapplicable to the pending Merger.
 

140



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 154/263

Table of Contents

MATERIAL UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES

The following is a summary of (a) the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the Merger to U.S. holders (as defined below) of Cavium
common stock who hold their stock as a “capital asset” within the meaning of Section 1221 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”), (generally, property held for investment) and (b) the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership and disposition of
Marvell common shares by U.S. holders who receive Marvell common shares in connection with the Merger. The summary is based on the Code, the
U.S. Treasury Regulations issued under the Code, and administrative rulings and court decisions in effect as of the date of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, all of which are subject to change at any time, possibly with retroactive effect. Because holders of Marvell common shares will
retain their Marvell common shares in the Merger, the Merger should have no tax consequences for such shareholders.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of Cavium common stock or, after completion of the Merger, Marvell
common shares that is an individual citizen or resident of the United States, a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal
income tax purposes) created or organized in the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; an estate the income of which is subject to
U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or a trust that (i) is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or
more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) has a valid election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury
Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of Cavium common
stock or, after completion of the Merger, Marvell common shares that is not a U.S. holder or a partnership.

This summary is not a complete description of all the tax consequences of the Merger and, in particular, may not address U.S. federal income tax
considerations applicable to holders of Cavium common stock or, after completion of the Merger, Marvell common shares who are subject to special
treatment under U.S. federal income tax law (including, for example, non-U.S. holders, S corporations, partnerships (or an entity or arrangement treated
as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and partners therein or other pass-through entities and investors therein, financial institutions,
brokers or dealers in securities, traders that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities (including
private foundations), governmental organizations, individual retirement or other tax-deferred accounts, real estate investment trusts, regulated
investment companies, U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States, holders who acquired Cavium common stock
pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock option or right or otherwise as compensation, holders who will, after the Merger, own (actually or under
applicable constructive ownership rules) 10% or more of the Marvell common shares, holders who hold Cavium common stock as part of a hedge,
straddle or conversion transaction, and holders that have a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar). Also, this summary does not address U.S.
federal income tax considerations applicable to holders of options or warrants to purchase Cavium common stock, or holders of debt instruments
convertible into Cavium common stock. In addition, no information is provided with respect to the tax consequences of the Merger under the U.S.
federal estate, gift, Medicare, alternative minimum tax and other non-income tax laws, or any applicable state, local, or foreign tax laws. This summary
does not address the tax consequences of any transaction other than the Merger.

WE URGE YOU TO CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISORS AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES TO YOU OF THE MERGER
AND, AFTER COMPLETION OF THE MERGER, THE OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF MARVELL COMMON SHARES, INCLUDING
THE APPLICABILITY AND EFFECT OF FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, AND FOREIGN INCOME AND OTHER TAX LAWS IN LIGHT OF
YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.
 

141



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 155/263

Table of Contents

Tax Consequences of the Merger to U.S. Holders

The receipt of the Merger Consideration by U.S. holders in exchange for shares of Cavium common stock in connection with the Merger will be a
taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, a U.S. holder who receives the Merger Consideration in exchange for shares of
Cavium common stock in connection with the Merger will recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (1) the fair market
value of the Marvell common shares as of the Effective Time plus the amount of cash received, and (2) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such
shares of Cavium common stock.

Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and, if a U.S. holder’s holding period in the shares of Cavium common stock surrendered in the Merger is
greater than one year as of the closing date of the Merger, the gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss. Long-term capital gains of certain non-
corporate holders, including individuals, are generally subject to U.S. federal income tax at preferential rates. The deductibility of a capital loss
recognized on the exchange is subject to limitations. If a U.S. holder acquired different blocks of Cavium common stock at different times or different
prices, such U.S. holder must determine its adjusted tax basis and holding period separately with respect to each block of Cavium common stock.

A U.S. holder’s aggregate tax basis in Marvell common shares received in the Merger will equal the fair market value of the shares as of the Effective
Time of the Merger. The holding period of the Marvell common shares received in the Merger will begin on the day after the Merger.

Notwithstanding the above, in certain circumstances, the receipt of the cash portion of the Merger Consideration by U.S. holders of Cavium common
stock that also actually or constructively own Marvell common shares may be subject to Section 304 of the Code if holders who own (including by
attribution) 50% or more of the Cavium common stock before the Merger own (including by attribution), immediately after the Merger, 50% or more of
the Marvell common shares. If Section 304 of the Code applies to the cash portion of the Merger Consideration, to the extent a U.S. holder would
otherwise be treated for U.S. federal income tax purposes as selling Cavium common stock to Marvell for cash, such holder will instead be treated as
receiving the cash consideration from Marvell in deemed redemption of Marvell common shares deemed issued to such holder. If such deemed
redemption is not “substantially disproportionate” with respect to such U.S. holder or is “essentially equivalent to a dividend” under the tests set forth in
Section 302 of the Code, then a U.S. holder generally would recognize dividend income up to the amount of the cash received to the extent of such U.S.
holder’s allocable share of the applicable earnings and profits of Cavium and Marvell (or Marvell’s U.S. subsidiary if the U.S. subsidiary is treated as
acquiring the Cavium common stock). In the event of such treatment, non-corporate U.S. holders may be eligible for a reduced rate of taxation on any
deemed dividend arising under Section 304 of the Code, subject to exceptions for short-term and hedged positions, while corporate U.S. holders may be
treated as receiving an “extraordinary dividend” within the meaning of Section 1059 of the Code. It is not certain whether Section 304 of the Code will
apply to the Merger, because it is not certain whether shareholders who own (including by attribution) 50% or more of the Cavium common stock before
the Merger will own (including by attribution) 50% or more of the Marvell common shares immediately after the Merger. In addition, if Section 304 of
the Code applies to the Merger, because the possibility of dividend treatment depends upon each holder’s particular circumstances, including the
application of the constructive ownership rules, U.S. holders of Cavium common stock should consult their tax advisors regarding the application of the
foregoing rules to their particular circumstances.

Tax Consequences of Holding Marvell Common Shares to U.S. Holders

Taxation of Distributions from Marvell

Subject to the passive foreign investment company (“PFIC”) rules discussed below, distributions made by Marvell to a U.S. holder with respect to its
common shares (including the amount of any taxes withheld therefrom) will generally be treated as dividends to the extent paid out of Marvell’s current
or accumulated earnings and profits (as determined under U.S. federal income tax principles). To the extent those distributions
 

142



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 156/263

Table of Contents

exceed Marvell’s current and accumulated earnings and profits, the distributions will be treated as a non-taxable return of capital to the extent of the
U.S. holder’s tax basis in its Marvell common shares (and will reduce (but not below zero) the U.S. holder’s tax basis accordingly) and thereafter as
capital gain from the sale or exchange of such common shares. See “The Merger—Taxation of Sale, Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Marvell
Common Shares,” below. U.S. holders that are corporations will not be entitled to claim a dividends-received deduction with respect to distributions
treated as dividends they receive from Marvell.

If (a) U.S. persons own 50% or more of the Marvell common shares, by vote or value, and (b) at least 10% of Marvell’s earnings and profits are
attributable to sources within the United States, then, for purposes of computing a U.S. holder’s foreign tax credit limitation, a portion of any
distributions treated as dividends paid with respect to Marvell common shares would be treated as derived from sources within the United States.
Otherwise, any dividends paid by Marvell would be treated as foreign-source “passive category income” for purposes of computing allowable foreign
tax credits for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. The rules governing foreign tax credits are complex and are not described completely herein. U.S.
holders are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the availability of foreign tax credits in their particular circumstances.

Distributions treated as dividends received from Marvell by a U.S. holder that is an individual, trust or estate (a “U.S. individual holder”) generally will
be treated as “qualified dividend income,” which is currently taxable to such U.S. individual holder at preferential capital gain tax rates, provided that
(i) Marvell is a “qualified foreign corporation”; (ii) Marvell is not a PFIC for the taxable year during which the dividend is paid or the immediately
preceding taxable year (see “—PFIC Status and Significant Tax Consequences” below); (iii) the U.S. individual holder has owned its Marvell common
shares for more than 60 days during the 121-day period beginning 60 days before the date on which the common shares becomes ex-dividend (and has
not entered into certain risk limiting transactions with respect to such common shares); and (iv) the U.S. individual holder is not under an obligation to
make related payments with respect to positions in substantially similar or related property. A foreign corporation is treated as a qualified foreign
corporation with respect to dividends paid by that corporation on shares that are readily tradable on an established securities market in the United States.
U.S. Treasury Department guidance indicates that Marvell common shares, which are listed on NASDAQ, will be readily tradable on an established
securities market in the United States as a result of such listing. However, there can be no assurance that Marvell common shares will be considered
readily tradable on an established securities market in later years. Any dividends paid on Marvell common shares that are not eligible for these
preferential rates will generally be taxed as ordinary income to a U.S. individual holder.

Taxation on the Sale, Exchange or Other Taxable Disposition of Marvell Common Shares

Subject to the PFIC rules discussed below, upon the sale, exchange or other taxable disposition of a Marvell common share, a U.S. holder generally will
recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized upon the sale, exchange or other disposition and such U.S. holder’s
adjusted tax basis in the share. The U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in the common share generally will equal the fair market value of such share as of
the Effective Time, reduced by any dividends treated as a tax-free return of capital as discussed above under “The Merger—Taxation of Distributions
from Marvell.” Such gain or loss will be capital gain or loss and will generally be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. holder’s holding period for
the Marvell common share exceeds one year on the date of the sale or disposition. Certain non-corporate U.S. holders (including individuals) may be
eligible for preferential rates of U.S. federal income tax in respect of long-term capital gains. A U.S. holder’s ability to deduct capital losses is subject to
limitations. Such capital gain or loss generally will be treated as U.S.-source income or loss, as applicable, for U.S. foreign tax credit purposes. U.S.
holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the proper treatment of gain or loss in their particular circumstances.
 

143



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 157/263

Table of Contents

PFIC Status and Significant Tax Consequences

The discussion above assumes that Marvell is not and will not become a PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, a non-U.S. corporation
is a PFIC for any taxable year in which either:
 

 
•  at least 75% of its gross income (including its proportionate share of the gross income of any other corporation in which it owns, directly or

indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of such corporation’s stock) for such taxable year consists of certain types of passive income (e.g.,
dividends, interest, capital gains, royalties and the excess of gains over losses from sales of commodities); or

 

 
•  at least 50% of the value (based on an average of the quarterly values) of its assets (including its proportionate share of the assets of any

other corporation in which it owns, directly or indirectly, 25% or more (by value) of such corporation’s stock) is attributable to assets that
produce, or are held for the production of, passive income.

Based on the nature of Marvell’s business, the projected composition of its income and the projected composition and estimated fair market values of its
assets, Marvell does not believe it is a PFIC for its current taxable year, and it does not expect to become a PFIC in the future. However, because PFIC
status is determined annually at the close of each taxable year and depends on the composition of a company’s income and assets and the fair market
value of its assets, no assurance can be given that Marvell will not be a PFIC in the future.

If Marvell were a PFIC for any year in which a U.S. holder held Marvell common shares, certain adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences would
apply to such U.S. holder, including a recharacterization of any capital gain recognized on a sale or other disposition of Marvell common shares as
ordinary income, ineligibility for any preferential tax rate otherwise applicable to any “qualified dividend income,” a material increase in the amount of
tax that such U.S. holder would owe and the possible imposition of interest charges, an imposition of tax earlier than would otherwise be imposed, and
additional tax filing and reporting requirements. A U.S. holder owning shares in a PFIC might be able to avoid or mitigate the adverse tax consequences
of PFIC status by making certain elections, including “qualified electing fund” or “mark-to-market” elections, if deemed appropriate based on guidance
provided by its own tax advisor. In the event Marvell is deemed to be a PFIC, Marvell will provide its U.S. holders of Marvell common shares with the
information necessary for such U.S. holders to make a “qualified electing fund” election.

The PFIC rules are very complex and are not described completely herein. U.S. holders are encouraged to consult their own tax advisors regarding the
PFIC rules.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments made in exchange for shares of Cavium common stock in the Merger or payments made after the Merger with respect to any Marvell common
shares a U.S. holder receives in the Merger may be subject, under certain circumstances, to information reporting and backup withholding (currently, at
a rate of 24%). To avoid backup withholding, a U.S. holder that does not otherwise establish an exemption should complete and return an Internal
Revenue Service Form W-9, certifying under penalties of perjury that such U.S. holder is a “United States person” (within the meaning of the Code),
that the taxpayer identification number provided is correct and that such U.S. holder is not subject to backup withholding.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may be refunded or credited against a U.S.
holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that such U.S holder furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service in a
timely manner.

Tax Return Disclosure Requirement

Certain U.S. holders who hold “specified foreign financial assets” that exceed certain thresholds (the lowest being, with respect to certain individuals,
holding specified foreign financial assets with an aggregate value in
 

144



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 158/263

Table of Contents

excess of: (1) $50,000 on the last day of the tax year, or (2) $75,000 at any time during the tax year) are generally, subject to certain exceptions, required
to report information relating to such assets. The definition of “specified foreign financial assets” includes stocks and securities issued by non-U.S.
persons and interests in foreign entities. Accordingly, U.S. holders who receive Marvell common shares in the Merger may be required to file IRS Form
8938 (Statement of Specified Foreign Financial Assets) unless an exception is satisfied (including an exception for Marvell common shares held in
accounts maintained by certain financial institutions). Significant penalties may apply for failure to satisfy the reporting obligations described above.
U.S. holders are encouraged to consult with their own tax advisors regarding their reporting obligations, if any, as a result of their ownership or
disposition of Marvell common shares.

Holders of Cavium common stock should consult their tax advisors as to the specific tax consequences to them of the Merger and of the
ownership and disposition of Marvell common shares in light of their particular circumstances, including the applicability and effect of any
federal, state, local, foreign and other tax laws.
 

145



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 159/263

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following discussion summarizes certain material provisions of the Merger Agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein. The rights and obligations of the parties are governed by the express terms and conditions
of the Merger Agreement and not by this summary. This summary does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
complete text of the Merger Agreement. Marvell and Cavium urge you to read carefully this entire joint proxy statement/prospectus, including the
annexes and the documents incorporated by reference, before making any decisions regarding the Merger.

The Merger Agreement has been included to provide you with information regarding its terms, and Marvell and Cavium recommend that you read the
Merger Agreement carefully and in its entirety. Except for its status as the contractual document that establishes and governs the legal relations among
the parties with respect to the Merger, Marvell and Cavium do not intend for the Merger Agreement to be a source of factual, business or operational
information about the companies. The representations and warranties described below and included in the Merger Agreement were made by the parties
to each other as of specific dates. The assertions contained in those representations and warranties were made solely for purposes of the Merger
Agreement and may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by Marvell and Cavium in connection with negotiating the terms of
the Merger Agreement, which you should consider as you read the representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement. The representations and
warranties are qualified in their entirety by certain information Marvell and Cavium filed with the SEC prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, as
well as by confidential disclosure schedules that Marvell and Cavium delivered to each other in connection with the execution of the Merger Agreement.
Moreover, the representations and warranties may be subject to a contractual standard of materiality that may be different from what may be viewed as
material to shareholders of Marvell or Cavium, and the representations and warranties may have been used for the purpose of allocating risk between
Marvell and Cavium rather than establishing matters as facts. Accordingly, you should not rely on the representations and warranties in the Merger
Agreement as characterizations of the actual state of facts about Marvell and Cavium, and you should read the information provided elsewhere in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and in the documents that are incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus for information
regarding Marvell and Cavium and their respective businesses. See the section entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference” beginning on page 238
of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The Merger

On November 19, 2017, Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium entered into the Merger Agreement.

Subject to and upon the terms and the conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL, Merger Sub will be
merged with and into Cavium, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Cavium will continue its existence under the
laws of the State of Delaware as the surviving corporation (the “Surviving Corporation”) and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a
direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell. The Merger will have the effects set forth in the Merger Agreement and the applicable provisions of the
DGCL. At the Effective Time, all of the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of Cavium and Merger Sub will vest in the Surviving
Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of Cavium and Merger Sub will become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation.
The certificate of incorporation of the Surviving Corporation will be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to Exhibit B of the
Merger Agreement, and the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation will be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the bylaws of
Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time. The directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective
Time will be the respective individuals who are directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until the earlier of their
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, as the case may be.
 

146



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 160/263

Table of Contents

Effective Time and Completion of the Merger

The Merger Agreement provides that the completion of the Merger will take place: (a) if the Marketing Period (as defined below) ends on or before the
Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date (as defined below), on a business day to be mutually agreed by Marvell and Cavium, which must be no later than
the third business day after the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date, but subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing condition of each of Marvell
and Cavium relating to the receipt of certain certifications from the other party and the continued satisfaction or waiver of each of the other closing
conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement (see “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to Completion of the Merger” for more information regarding
closing conditions); or (b) if the Marketing Period has not ended on or before the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date, on the earlier of (i) any business
day during the Marketing Period (after the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date) designated by Marvell in a notice delivered to Cavium at least three
business days before the date so designated or (ii) the third business day after the end of the Marketing Period, but subject, in the case of each of clauses
“(i)” and “(ii),” to the satisfaction or waiver of the closing condition of each of Marvell and Cavium relating to the receipt of certain certifications from
the other party and the continued satisfaction or waiver of each of the other closing conditions set forth in the Merger Agreement. For purposes of the
Merger Agreement, the “Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date” is defined as the date on which the last to be satisfied or waived of the conditions to the
completion of the Merger set forth in the Merger Agreement (other than the condition relating to Marvell’s receipt of certain certifications from Cavium)
is satisfied or waived.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Marketing Period” is defined as the first ten consecutive business days, subject to certain terms and
excluded dates set forth in the Merger Agreement, during, throughout and at the end of which both: (a) Marvell has received certain specified financial
information in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement (including all information and data related to Cavium and its subsidiaries necessary
for Marvell to satisfy certain conditions set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter); and (b) all of the conditions precedent to the obligations of Marvell
and Merger Sub under the Merger Agreement as set forth in the Merger Agreement (other than the condition relating to Marvell’s receipt of certain
certifications from Cavium) have been satisfied and no event has occurred and no condition or circumstance exists that will, or would reasonably be
expected to, cause any of such conditions not to be satisfied assuming that the completion of the Merger were to be scheduled to occur on any day
during such ten consecutive business day period. The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the “Marketing Period” will not
commence until after this joint proxy statement/prospectus has been mailed.

The Merger will become effective when a certificate of merger satisfying the applicable requirements of the DGCL and consistent with the terms of the
Merger Agreement is duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time as may be mutually agreed by Marvell and
Cavium and specified in such certificate of merger (the “Effective Time”). The date on which the Effective Time occurs is referred to herein as the
“closing date of the Merger.”

Merger Consideration

At the Effective Time, each share of Cavium common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares held by
Marvell, Cavium or any of their respective subsidiaries and shares as to which appraisal rights have been properly exercised pursuant to Delaware law,
as described in “The Merger—Rights of Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders”) will be converted into the right to receive (a) 2.1757 Marvell common
shares and (b) $40.00 in cash, without interest.

On November 2, 2017, the last trading day prior to the first media report stating that Marvell and Cavium were in advanced discussions regarding a
potential transaction, the closing price of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $18.28. On January 22, 2018, the last practicable trading day prior
to the filing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the closing price of Marvell common shares on NASDAQ was $23.62 per share.

At the Effective Time, any shares of Cavium common stock that are held by Cavium (or held in Cavium’s treasury) or held by Marvell, Merger Sub or
any other subsidiary of Marvell immediately prior to the Effective
 

147



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 161/263

Table of Contents

Time will be canceled and retired and will cease to exist, and no consideration will be delivered in exchange for such shares. At the Effective Time, any
shares of Cavium common stock that are held, directly or indirectly, by a subsidiary of Cavium immediately prior to the Effective Time will be
unaffected by the Merger and will remain outstanding as an equal number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

The Merger Agreement provides that if, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Cavium common
stock are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock
split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, or if a stock dividend is declared by Cavium during such
period, or a record date with respect to any such event shall occur during such period, then the Exchange Ratio and Per Share Cash Amount will be
adjusted to the extent appropriate to provide the same economic effect as contemplated by the Merger Agreement prior to such action. The Merger
Agreement also provides that if, between the date of the Merger Agreement and the Effective Time, the issued Marvell common shares are changed into
a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of
shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, or if a share dividend is declared by Marvell during such period, or a record date
with respect to any such event shall occur during such period, then the Exchange Ratio (but not the Per Share Cash Amount) shall be adjusted to the
extent appropriate to provide the same economic effect as contemplated by the Merger Agreement prior to such action.

Fractional Shares

No fraction of a Marvell common share will be issued in connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such fractional share will be
issued. The Merger Agreement provides that any holder of Cavium common stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a Marvell
common share (after aggregating all fractions of Marvell common shares issuable to such holder) will, in lieu of such fraction of a share and, upon
surrender of such holder’s Cavium stock certificate(s) or the transfer of non-certificated shares of Cavium common stock represented by book entry
positions, be paid in cash the dollar amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, determined by multiplying such fraction by the closing
price of a Marvell common share on NASDAQ on the closing date of the Merger.

Exchange of Certificates

Marvell has selected its transfer agent, American Stock Transfer and Trust Company, to act as exchange agent in the Merger (the “Exchange Agent”).
The Merger Agreement provides that, as soon as practicable (and in any event within one business day) after the Effective Time, Marvell will deposit
with the Exchange Agent certificates or book entry positions representing the aggregate number of Marvell common shares issuable, and cash sufficient
to make payments of the cash consideration payable, as Merger Consideration for shares of Cavium common stock.

The Merger Agreement provides that, as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within seven business days) after the Effective Time, the
Exchange Agent will mail to record holders of certificates of shares of Cavium common stock or of shares of Cavium common stock represented by
book entry positions immediately prior to the Effective Time a letter of transmittal, customary in form and substance, and instructions on how to
surrender such certificates or transfer such shares in exchange for the Merger Consideration. The Merger Agreement further provides that, upon
surrender by a record holder of a certificate of shares of Cavium common stock to the Exchange Agent or receipt of an “agent’s message” by the
Exchange Agent in connection with the transfer of shares of Cavium common stock represented by book entry positions, together with a duly executed
letter of transmittal and such other documents as may be reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or Marvell, (a) such record holder will be entitled
to receive the Merger Consideration and (b) such certificate or such shares will be canceled. If any certificate of shares of Cavium common stock has
been lost, stolen or destroyed, Marvell or the Exchange Agent may, as a condition to the payment of the Merger Consideration, require the owner of
 

148



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 162/263

Table of Contents

such lost, stolen or destroyed certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond as indemnity against any claim that may be made
against the Exchange Agent, Marvell or the Surviving Corporation with respect to such certificate.

The Merger Agreement provides that no dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Marvell common shares with a record date
after the Effective Time will be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered certificate of Cavium common stock or to the holder of any Cavium common
stock represented by book entry positions that has not been transferred, in each case with respect to the Marvell common shares that such holder has the
right to receive in the Merger, until such holder surrenders such certificate or transfers such shares (at which time such holder will be entitled, subject to
the effect of applicable escheat or similar laws, to receive all such dividends and distributions, without interest).

The Merger Agreement provides that any portion of the Marvell common shares or cash amounts deposited by Marvell with the Exchange Agent (or any
dividends or distributions received by the Exchange Agent with respect to such shares) that has not been distributed within 365 days after the closing
date of the Merger will be delivered to Marvell upon demand, and any holders of certificates of Cavium common stock or Cavium common stock
represented by book entry positions who have not surrendered their certificates or transferred their shares may thereafter look only to Marvell for
satisfaction of their claims for the Merger Consideration and any dividends or distributions with respect to Marvell common shares included in the
Merger Consideration.

Treatment of Cavium Equity Awards

Stock Options

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each outstanding stock option, whether vested or unvested, other than stock options held by
non-employee members of Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time, will be
assumed by Marvell and converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such stock option, that number
of Marvell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Cavium common stock subject
to such stock option multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio (as defined below), at an exercise price per Marvell common share (rounded up to the
nearest whole cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (i) the per share exercise price for the Cavium common stock subject to such stock option,
by (ii) the Conversion Ratio.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Conversion Ratio” is defined as an amount equal to the sum of (a) the Exchange Ratio, plus (b) the quotient
obtained by dividing (i) the Per Share Cash Amount by (ii) the volume weighted average trading price of a Marvell common share for the five
consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately preceding the closing date of the Merger.

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each stock option that is outstanding and vested immediately prior to the Effective Time
(including any such stock options that become vested by their terms immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time) held by non-employee members of
Cavium’s board of directors who will not serve on Marvell’s board of directors following the Effective Time will be canceled, and the holder of such
stock option will be entitled to receive (subject to applicable withholding or other taxes) an amount in cash equal to the product of (a) the positive
difference (if any) between (i) the Equity Award Cash Consideration (as defined below) minus (b) the exercise price applicable to such stock option,
multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such stock option. The Merger Agreement further provides that, following
the Effective Time, any such canceled stock option will no longer be exercisable for shares of Cavium common stock and will entitle the former holder
thereof only to the payment just described, which will be made by the Surviving Corporation within ten business days after the Effective Time.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Equity Award Cash Consideration” is defined as an amount in cash equal to the sum of (a) the Per Share
Cash Amount plus (b) the product of (i) the Exchange Ratio multiplied by
 

149



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 163/263

Table of Contents

(ii) the volume weighted average trading price of a Marvell common share for the five consecutive trading days ending on the trading day immediately
preceding the closing date of the Merger.

Restricted Stock Units

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each Cavium restricted stock unit that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the
Effective Time, other than any Cavium restricted stock unit held by a non-employee member of the Cavium board of directors, will be converted into the
number of Marvell restricted stock units (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Cavium common
stock subject to such Cavium restricted stock unit, multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio. The Merger Agreement further provides that such converted
restricted stock units will be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable to the underlying Cavium restricted stock unit prior to the
Effective Time.

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each Cavium restricted stock unit (a) that is outstanding and vested (and with respect to
which shares of Cavium common stock have not yet been issued) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any Cavium restricted stock units
that become vested by their terms immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time) or (b) that is outstanding and held by a non-employee member of the
Cavium board of directors immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested, which awards will vest in full as of immediately prior to
the Effective Time, in the case of each of clauses “(a)” or “(b),” will be canceled and extinguished, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive
(subject to applicable withholding or other taxes, which withholding will first be applied against the cash portion of the consideration paid in respect of
such restricted stock units): (i) an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) the Per Share Cash Amount, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of
Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium restricted stock unit; and (ii) a number of Marvell common shares equal to the product of (A) the
Exchange Ratio, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium restricted stock unit. The Merger
Agreement further provides that, following the Effective Time, any such canceled Cavium restricted stock unit will entitle the former holder of such
Cavium restricted stock unit only to the payment just described, which will be made by the Surviving Corporation within ten business days after the
Effective Time or at such other time or times following the Effective Time consistent with the terms of the Cavium restricted stock unit to the extent
necessary to avoid the imposition of additional income tax under Section 409A of the Code.

Performance-Based Restricted Stock Units

The Merger Agreement provides that, at the Effective Time, each Cavium performance-based restricted stock unit that is outstanding and unvested
immediately prior to the Effective Time will be assumed and converted into that number of Marvell restricted stock units, rounded down to the nearest
whole share, equal to the product of (a) the target number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium performance-based restricted
stock unit, multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio. The Merger Agreement provides that such converted performance-based restricted stock units: (i) will
vest based on the vesting date set forth in the award agreement applicable to such performance-based restricted stock unit prior to the Effective Time,
subject only to the continued service of the grantee with the Surviving Corporation, Marvell or any of their affiliates through the applicable vesting date;
(ii) will not be subject to any performance-based vesting terms following the Effective Time; and (iii) will otherwise be subject to the same terms and
conditions as were applicable under such Cavium performance-based restricted stock units prior to the Effective Time.

Representations and Warranties

Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium made representations and warranties in the Merger Agreement on behalf of themselves and their respective
subsidiaries that are subject, in some cases, to certain exceptions and qualifications contained in the Merger Agreement (including qualifications by
concepts of knowledge, materiality and/or dollar thresholds) and are further modified and limited by confidential disclosure schedules delivered by
Marvell and Cavium
 

150



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 164/263

Table of Contents

to each other. The representations and warranties made by Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium also are subject to, and qualified by, certain information
disclosed in each of Marvell’s and Cavium’s filings made with the SEC between January 1, 2014 and the second business day before the date of the
Merger Agreement.

The representations and warranties made by each of Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium relate to the following subject matters, among other things:
 

 
•  corporate organization and similar corporate matters, including the qualification to do business under applicable law, corporate standing and

corporate power;
 

 •  capital structure and equity securities;
 

 
•  the timely filing of all documents required to be filed with the SEC by Marvell and Cavium since September 15, 2016 and January 1, 2014,

respectively, and the content and preparation of financial statements;
 

 •  intellectual property;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 •  legal proceedings and investigations;
 

 
•  authority to enter into and to perform the obligations under the Merger Agreement and to complete the other transactions contemplated

thereby;
 

 
•  the execution, delivery or performance of the Merger Agreement or the completion of the Merger or any of the other transactions

contemplated by the Merger Agreement not contravening applicable organizational documents, laws or contracts;
 

 •  opinion of Marvell’s financial advisor and opinions of each of Cavium’s financial advisors; and
 

 •  advisors’ fees.

The representations and warranties made solely by Cavium relate to the following subject matters, among other things:
 

 •  subsidiaries;
 

 •  the absence of certain changes, events and actions between December 31, 2016 and the date of the Merger Agreement;
 

 •  title to tangible assets, valid leasehold interests and absence of interests in real property;
 

 
•  material contracts, including that each such contract is valid and in full force and effect and the absence of a breach of or default under any

such contract;
 

 •  absence of certain liabilities;
 

 •  compliance with legal requirements, including export controls and corrupt practices legislation;
 

 
•  possession of permits, licenses, registrations or other qualifications or authorizations and the making of all necessary filings required under

applicable laws;
 

 •  labor and other employment matters;
 

 •  employee benefit matters;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  insurance;
 

 •  relations with top customers and suppliers;
 

151



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 165/263

Table of Contents

 
•  the approval and recommendation by Cavium’s board of directors to its shareholders regarding the Merger Agreement and the other

transactions contemplated thereby;
 

 •  required approvals for completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger;
 

 •  anti-takeover statutes and regulations and the absence of a shareholder rights plan; and
 

 
•  vote required for adoption of the Merger Agreement and approval of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger

Agreement.

The representations and warranties made solely by Marvell and Merger Sub relate to the following subject matters, among other things:
 

 •  the absence of certain changes and events between January 28, 2017 and the date of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  the approval and recommendation by Marvell’s board of directors to its shareholders regarding the Merger Agreement and the Marvell Share

Issuance;
 

 •  vote required for approval of the Marvell Share Issuance;
 

 •  absence of ownership of Cavium common stock;
 

 •  capitalization and absence of prior operations of Merger Sub;
 

 •  availability of financing; and
 

 •  solvency.

Several of the representations, warranties, covenants, closing conditions and termination provisions contained in the Merger Agreement are qualified by
or refer to the concept of a Material Adverse Effect. For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Material Adverse Effect” on Marvell or Cavium (a
“party”), means any effect, change, development, event or circumstance that, considered together with all other effects, changes, developments, events
or circumstances, has had or resulted in, or would reasonably be expected to have or result in, a material adverse effect on: (a) the business, condition
(financial or otherwise) or results of operations of a party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (b) the ability of a party to complete the Merger or
any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or to perform any of its obligations under the Merger Agreement; provided,
however, that, with respect to clause “(a)” above, a change occurring after the date of the Merger Agreement will not be deemed to constitute a Material
Adverse Effect on a party and its subsidiaries (and shall not be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect on a party has
occurred or is reasonably expected to occur) if that party demonstrates that such change results from:
 

 •  adverse economic conditions in the United States or in other locations in which that party or any of its subsidiaries has material operations;
 

 •  adverse economic conditions that generally affect the industry in which that party and its subsidiaries operate;
 

 
•  changes in the share price or trading volume of that party’s shares (it being understood, however, that the facts or circumstances giving rise

to any such change in share price or trading volume may be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect on that
party has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur);

 

 
•  the failure of that party to meet securities analysts’ published projections of earnings or revenues (it being understood, however, that the

facts or circumstances giving rise to any such failure may be taken into account in determining whether a Material Adverse Effect on that
party has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur);

 
152



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 166/263

Table of Contents

 
•  changes after the date of the Merger Agreement in legal requirements or other legal or regulatory conditions or changes after the date of the

Merger Agreement in U.S. GAAP or other accounting standards (or the interpretation thereof);
 

 
•  changes after the date of the Merger Agreement in political conditions in the United States or any other country in the world, or acts of war,

sabotage or terrorism (including any escalation or general worsening of any such acts of war, sabotage or terrorism) in the United States or
any other country in the world;

 

 •  acts of God, natural disasters, weather conditions or other calamities occurring after the date of the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  losses of customers, suppliers, distributors or other business partners or employees that are directly attributable to the announcement or

pendency of the Merger Agreement; and
 

 
•  any shareholder class action or derivative litigation commenced against that party after the date of the Merger Agreement and arising from

allegations of breach of fiduciary duty of that party’s directors relating to their approval of the Merger Agreement or from allegations of
false or misleading public disclosure by that party with respect to the Merger Agreement;

provided, however, that certain of the exceptions described above will not apply to the extent that a party and its subsidiaries are disproportionately
affected thereby relative to other companies of comparable size in the same industries in which that party and its subsidiaries operate.

Interim Operations of Marvell and Cavium

Marvell Interim Operating Covenants

Marvell has undertaken covenants in the Merger Agreement relating to the conduct of its business during the period from the date of the Merger
Agreement through the Effective Time. Under the Merger Agreement, during such period, except (a) as may be required by applicable legal
requirements, (b) with the prior written consent of Cavium (which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (c) as expressly
contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (d) as set forth in Marvell’s confidential disclosure schedule, Marvell has agreed that it will not, and will
ensure that its subsidiaries do not:
 

 
•  amend its memorandum of association or Bye-laws (or equivalent organizational documents) in any manner that would prohibit or hinder,

impede or delay in any material respect the Merger or the completion of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement or
have a material and adverse impact on the value of the Marvell common shares;

 

 
•  adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, bankruptcy restructuring, recapitalization or other similar reorganization of

Marvell;
 

 

•  issue, split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any Marvell common shares, or declare or pay any dividend of any Marvell common shares, or
other distribution in respect of any Marvell common shares or otherwise make any payments to shareholders in their capacity as such (other
than (i) ordinary quarterly cash dividends, (ii) issuances of Marvell common shares (A) pursuant to Marvell’s equity plans or employee
share purchase plan, (B) in connection with the exercise of equity-based awards granted pursuant to Marvell’s equity plans or (C) in
connection with acquisitions having a value of $100 million or less, or otherwise consistent with past practice and (iii) the issuance, grant or
delivery of equity-based awards granted pursuant to Marvell’s equity plans in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice);

 

 
•  acquire, or enter into or publicly announce a definitive agreement to acquire, any corporation, partnership, limited partnership or other

business or division thereof or any equity interest therein that,
 

153



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 167/263

Table of Contents

 at the time such action is taken, would reasonably be expected to materially delay or prevent the completion of the Merger; or
 

 •  authorize, agree, commit or offer to take any of the foregoing actions.

Cavium Interim Operating Covenants

Cavium has undertaken covenants in the Merger Agreement relating to the conduct of its business during the period from the date of the Merger
Agreement through the Effective Time. Under the Merger Agreement, during such period, except (a) as may be required by applicable legal
requirements, (b) with the prior written consent of Marvell (which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), (c) as expressly
contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (d) as set forth in Cavium’s confidential disclosure schedule: (i) Cavium has agreed that it will conduct, and
will ensure that each of its subsidiaries conducts, its business and operations in the ordinary course in all material respects and substantially in
accordance with past practices; and (ii) Cavium has agreed to use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that it and each of its subsidiaries
(A) preserves intact its current business organization, (B) keeps available the services of its current officers and employees (other than for routine
terminations in the ordinary course of business of any officers or employees that are not at the level of vice president or above) and (C) maintains in the
ordinary course of business its relations and goodwill with all suppliers, customers, landlords, creditors, licensors, licensees, employees and all other
persons or entities having material business relationships with such company.

In addition, under the Merger Agreement, during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the Effective Time, except (a) as may be
required by applicable legal requirements, (b) with the prior written consent of Marvell (which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed), (c) as expressly contemplated by the Merger Agreement or (d) as set forth in Cavium’s confidential disclosure schedule, Cavium has agreed
that it will not, and will ensure that its subsidiaries do not:
 

 
•  declare, accrue, set aside or pay any dividend or make any other distribution in respect of any shares of capital stock, or repurchase, redeem

or otherwise reacquire any shares of capital stock or other securities;
 

 

•  sell, issue, grant or authorize the issuance or grant of: (i) any capital stock or other security; (ii) any option, restricted stock unit, call,
warrant or right to acquire any capital stock or other security; or (iii) any instrument convertible into or exchangeable for any capital stock or
other security (except that: (A) Cavium may issue Cavium common stock upon the valid exercise of Cavium stock options or upon the
vesting of Cavium restricted stock units or performance-based restricted stock units in accordance with their terms, in each case, outstanding
as of the date of the Merger Agreement; and (B) Cavium may, in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practices and
amounts: (1) grant options and restricted stock units with time-based vesting to employees hired by Cavium after the date of the Merger
Agreement under certain of Cavium’s existing equity-based incentive plans specified in the Merger Agreement (collectively, the “Cavium
Equity Plans”); and (2) in addition to options and restricted stock units granted to employees hired by Cavium after the date of the Merger
Agreement, grant time-based vesting restricted stock units or performance restricted stock units under the Cavium Equity Plans as set forth
in the confidential disclosure schedules);

 

 
•  amend or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate the vesting under, any provision of any of the Cavium Equity Plans, any provision of

any agreement evidencing any outstanding stock option, restricted stock unit or any restricted stock purchase agreement, or otherwise
modify any of the terms of any outstanding option, restricted stock unit, warrant or other security or any related contract;

 

 

•  amend or permit the adoption of any amendment to its certificate of incorporation or bylaws or other charter or organizational documents, or
effect or become a party to any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, amalgamation, plan or scheme of arrangement,
recapitalization, reclassification of shares, stock split, reverse stock split, division or subdivision of shares, consolidation of shares or similar
transaction;

 
154



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 168/263

Table of Contents

 •  adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or dissolution;
 

 •  form any material subsidiary or acquire any material equity interest or other material interest in any other entity;
 

 

•  make any capital expenditure or incur any obligation or liability in respect thereof in excess of the amount budgeted for such expenditure in
Cavium’s capital expenditure budget as set forth in the confidential disclosure schedules (except that Cavium and its subsidiaries may make
unbudgeted capital expenditures that, when added to all other unbudgeted capital expenditures made by or on behalf of Cavium and its
subsidiaries during a fiscal quarter, do not exceed $500,000 in the aggregate);

 

 

•  enter into or become bound by, or permit any of the assets owned or used by it to become bound by, or amend or terminate, or waive or
exercise any material right or remedy under any material contract under which Cavium or any of its subsidiaries has made or received, or is
expected to make or receive, aggregate payments under such contract in excess of $3.5 million, in each case, other than in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice;

 

 

•  enter into or become bound by any contract containing any material exclusivity provision that restricts Cavium’s or any of its subsidiaries’
ability to: (i) engage in any line of business or compete with, or provide services to, any other person or entity or in any geographic area,
other than a sales representative agreement; or (ii)(A) acquire any material product or other asset or license any intellectual property from, or
provide any service to, any other person or entity, (B) sell any material product or other material asset to or perform any other service for
any other person or entity or (C) grant a license to any material product or service (including software) that has been, or is currently being,
designed, developed, distributed, provided, licensed or sold by Cavium or any of its subsidiaries or any material intellectual property rights
or intellectual property in which Cavium or any of its subsidiaries has (or purports to have) an ownership interest, in each case other than
(1) in the ordinary course of business (which, for the avoidance of doubt, shall include Cavium’s or any of its subsidiaries’ ASIC
development services) and (2) purchase orders that are entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices;

 

 

•  enter into or become bound by any contract that (i) grants material and exclusive rights to license, market, sell or deliver any product of
Cavium or any of its subsidiaries, (ii) contains any “most favored nation” or similar provision in favor of the other party or (iii) contains a
right of first refusal, first offer or first negotiation or any similar right with respect to any asset owned by Cavium or any of its subsidiaries
that is material to Cavium and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

 

 

•  acquire, lease or license any material assets from any other person or entity or sell or otherwise dispose of, or lease or license, any material
assets to any other person or entity (except, in each case, for assets acquired, leased, licensed or disposed of by Cavium in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practices, the renewal of any non-material real property lease upon the expiration thereof for a
renewal term no greater than 12 months and the acquisition, leasing or licensing of any tangible asset in accordance with Cavium’s capital
expenditure budget) or waive or relinquish any material right;

 

 
•  lend money to any person, or incur or guarantee any indebtedness (except that Cavium and its subsidiaries may (i) make borrowings under

its existing credit agreement, and (ii) lend money to Cavium or any of its subsidiaries, or incur any indebtedness to, or guarantee any
indebtedness of, Cavium or any of its subsidiaries, in each case in the ordinary course of business and in accordance with past practices);

 

 

•  establish, adopt, materially amend or terminate any employee benefit plan or employment agreement, pay or make any new commitment to
make any bonus, cash incentive payment or profit-sharing or similar payment to, or increase or make any commitment to increase the
amount of the wages, salary, commissions, fringe benefits or other compensation (including equity-based compensation, whether payable in
cash or otherwise, except as otherwise permitted under the second bullet above) or remuneration payable to, any of its directors, officers or
employees (except that Cavium may: (i) make routine, reasonable salary increases in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practices in connection with Cavium’s customary employee review process (with such increases not to exceed, in

 
155



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 169/263

Table of Contents

 
the aggregate, the amounts set forth on the confidential disclosure schedules); (ii) grant and pay customary bonus payments and profit
sharing payments in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices; and (iii) renew any existing employee benefit plan in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practices);

 

 

•  hire any new employee at the level of vice president or above (except in order to fill a position at the level of vice president or above vacated
after the date of the Merger Agreement) or hire any new employee with an annual base salary in excess of $300,000 (except in order to fill a
position vacated after the date of the Merger Agreement in which the individual who vacated the position had an annual base salary in
excess of $300,000), promote any employee (except (i) in order to fill a position vacated after the date of the Merger Agreement or (ii) in the
case of any employee below the vice president (or equivalent) level, in the ordinary course of business), or engage any consultant or
independent contractor for a period exceeding 30 days (except for arrangements entered into in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practices that are either (A) terminable at will or (B) consistent with Cavium’s past practices with respect to notice periods and
termination payments);

 

 
•  change in any material respect (i) any of its pricing policies, product return policies, product maintenance polices, service policies, product

modification or upgrade policies, personnel policies or other business policies or (ii) any of its methods of accounting or accounting
practices, including with respect to taxes (other than in accordance with U.S. GAAP);

 

 

•  except as set forth in the confidential disclosure schedules (i) change any material method of tax accounting or make any material tax
election (or allow any material tax election previously made to expire) that is inconsistent with positions taken, elections made or methods
used in preparing or filing tax returns with respect to periods ending prior to the Effective Time (including positions, elections or methods
that would have the effect of deferring income to periods ending after the closing date of the Merger or accelerating deductions to periods
ending on or before the closing date of the Merger), (ii) prepare or file any material tax return or amended tax return inconsistent with past
practice, (iii) settle or otherwise compromise any claim, dispute, notice, audit report or assessment relating to a material amount of taxes, or
enter into, cancel or modify any closing agreement or similar agreement relating to taxes or (iv) request any ruling, closing agreement or
similar guidance with respect to a material amount of taxes;

 

 

•  commence or settle any material legal proceeding, other than (i) any settlement that involves only the payment of an amount that is less than
$1 million and includes a full release in favor of Cavium or one of its subsidiaries or (ii) settlements entered into with respect to a legal
proceeding commenced or threatened against Cavium or any of its officers or directors relating to the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, (A) with respect to which legal proceeding Cavium provided Marvell with prompt notice thereof
and an opportunity to participate therein and (B) provided that any such settlement may not be agreed to outside the ordinary course of
business without the prior written consent of Marvell (which consent may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed);

 

 

•  other than in the ordinary course of business, transfer or repatriate to the United States cash, cash equivalents or liquid short-term or long-
term investments held outside the United States if any material U.S. withholding or income taxes would be incurred in connection with such
transfer or repatriation; provided, however, in the event that (i) Cavium notifies Marvell of any such proposed transfer or repatriation and
(ii) Marvell fails to promptly and in good faith consider such proposed transfer and repatriation and respond to Cavium with respect thereto,
the written consent of Marvell for such transfer or repatriation will be deemed to have been obtained by Cavium;

 

 •  become party to or approve or adopt any shareholder rights plan or “poison pill” agreement or similar takeover protection;
 

156



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 170/263

Table of Contents

 
•  cancel or terminate or allow to lapse without a commercially reasonable substitute policy therefor, or amend in any material respect or enter

into, any material insurance policy, other than the renewal of existing insurance policies or entering into comparable substitute policies
therefor; or

 

 •  authorize, agree, commit or offer to take any of the foregoing actions.

No Solicitation or Discussions by Cavium

Under the Merger Agreement, subject to the exceptions described below, Cavium has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, and will ensure that
each of its subsidiaries does not, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and their respective representatives not to, directly or indirectly
(other than with respect to Marvell and Merger Sub and their representatives):
 

 

•  solicit, initiate, knowingly encourage, knowingly induce or knowingly facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any Cavium
Acquisition Proposal (as defined below) or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry (as defined below), including by approving any transaction, or
approving any person or entity (other than Marvell and its affiliates) becoming an “interested stockholder” for purposes of Section 203 of
the DGCL;

 

 
•  furnish or otherwise provide access to any information regarding Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to any person or entity in response to a

Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry;
 

 •  engage in discussions or negotiations with any person or entity with respect to any Cavium Acquisition Proposal;
 

 •  approve, endorse or recommend any Cavium Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction (as

defined below), other than certain confidentiality agreements expressly permitted by the provisions of the non-solicitation covenants of the
Merger Agreement (any such confidentiality agreement being referred to herein as a “Permitted Confidentiality Agreement”); or

 

 •  publicly propose to do any of the foregoing.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has also agreed that it will, and will ensure that each of its subsidiaries will and will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause its and their respective representatives to, immediately cease and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with
any person or entity that relate to any Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has further agreed not to release or permit the release of any person or entity from, or waive or permit the waiver
of any provision of, any confidentiality, “standstill” or similar agreement to which Cavium or any of its subsidiaries is or becomes a party or under
which Cavium or any of its subsidiaries has any rights, and to use its reasonable best efforts to enforce or cause to be enforced each such agreement at
the request of Marvell. Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium also has agreed to promptly (a) request each person or entity that has executed, within 12
months prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, a confidentiality agreement or similar agreement in connection with its consideration of a possible
Cavium Acquisition Proposal or investment in Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to return or destroy all confidential information heretofore furnished to
such person or entity or any of such person’s or entity’s representatives by or on behalf of Cavium or any of its subsidiaries and (b) except as otherwise
permitted by the fiduciary exception described below, prohibit any third party from having access to any physical or electronic data rooms relating to
any possible Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, an “Acquisition Transaction” is defined as, with respect to any entity, any transaction or series of transactions
involving:
 

 
•  a merger, consolidation, amalgamation, business combination, acquisition of securities, issuance of securities, takeover offer, tender offer,

exchange offer or other similar transaction (a) which would
 

157



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 171/263

Table of Contents

 

result in a person or entity or group of persons or entities owning at least 15% of any class of equity or voting securities of such entity or any
of its Significant Subsidiaries (as defined below) or (b) in which such entity or any of its Significant Subsidiaries issues securities
representing more than 15% of the outstanding securities of any class of voting securities of such entity or any of its Significant
Subsidiaries;

 

 

•  any sale, lease, exchange, transfer, license, acquisition or disposition of any business or assets that constitute or account for 15% or more of
the consolidated net revenues or consolidated net income (measured based on the 12 full calendar months prior to the date of determination)
or consolidated assets (measured based on fair market value as of the last day of the most recently completed calendar month) of such entity
or any of its Significant Subsidiaries; or

 

 •  any liquidation or dissolution of such entity or any of its Significant Subsidiaries;

provided, however, that any transaction effected for the sole purpose of changing the place of domicile or organization of such entity is not an
Acquisition Transaction.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Significant Subsidiary” is defined as, with respect to an entity, a subsidiary of such entity that owns assets
that constitute or account for 10% or more of the consolidated net revenues, consolidated net income or consolidated assets of such entity and all of its
subsidiaries taken as a whole.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Cavium Acquisition Proposal” is defined as any offer or proposal (other than one made by Marvell)
contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction involving Cavium; and a “Cavium Acquisition Inquiry” is defined as an inquiry,
indication of interest or request for nonpublic information (other than one made by Marvell) that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Cavium
Acquisition Proposal.

Fiduciary Exception

Under the Merger Agreement, prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of
Cavium common stock outstanding on the record date for the Cavium special meeting (the “Required Cavium Shareholder Vote”), Cavium may furnish
nonpublic information regarding Cavium and its subsidiaries to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with, any person or entity who submits (and
does not withdraw) a Cavium Acquisition Proposal if:
 

 
•  neither Cavium or any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective representatives have materially breached the provisions of the Merger

Agreement prohibiting solicitation of, and discussions and negotiations with respect to, alternative transactions;
 

 
•  the Cavium board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of

nationally recognized reputation and Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that such Cavium Acquisition Proposal constitutes or could reasonably
be expected to lead to a Cavium Superior Offer (as defined below);

 

 
•  the Cavium board of directors concludes in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of its outside legal counsel, that the failure

to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable
law; and

 

 

•  at least 24 hours prior to furnishing any such information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, Cavium
(a) gives Marvell written notice of the identity of such person or entity and of Cavium’s intention to furnish information to, or enter into
discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, (b) receives from such person or entity, and delivers to Marvell a copy of, an
executed confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all nonpublic information furnished to
such person or entity by or on behalf of

 
158



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 172/263

Table of Contents

 
Cavium and its subsidiaries and other provisions no less favorable to Cavium than the provisions of the confidentiality agreement among
Cavium, Marvell and Marvell Semiconductor, Inc. and (c) furnishes such nonpublic information to Marvell (to the extent such nonpublic
information has not been previously furnished by Cavium to Marvell).

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed to promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt thereof) advise Marvell orally and in
writing of any Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or any related request for nonpublic information relating to Cavium or any
its subsidiaries (including the identity of the person or entity making or submitting such Cavium Acquisition Proposal, Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or
request, the material terms and conditions thereof, and, if available, any written documentation received by Cavium or such subsidiary or any of their
representatives from such person or entity or any of such person’s or entity’s representatives setting forth such terms and conditions) that is made or
submitted by any person or entity during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement through the Effective Time. Under the Merger Agreement,
Cavium also has agreed to keep Marvell reasonably informed, on a reasonably current basis, with respect to the status of any such Cavium Acquisition
Proposal, Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or request and any modification or proposed modification thereto (including by promptly (and in any case, within
24 hours) providing a copy of all material email or written communications between Cavium or such subsidiary or any of their representatives, on the
one hand, and the person or entity that made such Cavium Acquisition Proposal, Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or request or any of its representatives, on
the other hand, relating to such Cavium Acquisition Proposal, Cavium Acquisition Inquiry or request) and to promptly (and in no event later than 24
hours) notify Marvell orally and in writing if it intends to provide information in connection with, or to engage in discussions or negotiations
concerning, a Cavium Acquisition Proposal or Cavium Acquisition Inquiry.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Cavium Superior Offer” is defined as an unsolicited bona fide written offer by a third party to acquire all or a
majority of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock that is not conditioned on financing and that is determined by the Cavium board of
directors, in its good faith judgment, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation
and Cavium’s outside legal counsel and the likelihood and anticipated timing of completion, to be more favorable from a financial point of view to
Cavium and Cavium’s shareholders than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Merger), determined on a basis of long-
term value, without consideration of short-term changes in stock price or trading volume in and of itself.

No Solicitation or Discussions by Marvell

Under the Merger Agreement, subject to the exceptions described below, Marvell has agreed that it will not, directly or indirectly, and will ensure that
each of its subsidiaries does not, and will use its reasonable best efforts to cause its and their respective representatives not to, directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  solicit, initiate, encourage, induce or facilitate the making, submission or announcement of any Marvell Acquisition Proposal (as defined

below) or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry (as defined below);
 

 
•  furnish or otherwise provide access to any information regarding Marvell or any of its subsidiaries to any person or entity in response to a

Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry;
 

 •  engage in discussions or negotiations with any person or entity with respect to any Marvell Acquisition Proposal;
 

 •  approve, endorse or recommend any Marvell Acquisition Proposal;
 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or similar document or any contract contemplating or otherwise relating to any Acquisition Transaction, other

than a Permitted Confidentiality Agreement; or
 

 •  publicly propose to do any of the foregoing.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has also agreed that it will, and will ensure that each of its subsidiaries will and will use its reasonable best
efforts to cause its and their respective representatives to, immediately cease
 

159



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 173/263

Table of Contents

and cause to be terminated any existing discussions or negotiations with any person or entity that relate to any Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell
Acquisition Inquiry.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has further agreed not to release or permit the release of any person or entity from, or waive or permit the waiver
of any provision of, any confidentiality, “standstill” or similar agreement to which Marvell or any of its subsidiaries is or becomes a party or under
which Marvell or any of its subsidiaries has any rights, and to use its reasonable best efforts to enforce or cause to be enforced each such agreement at
the request of Cavium. Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell also has agreed to promptly (a) request each person or entity that has executed, within 12
months prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, a confidentiality agreement or similar agreement in connection with its consideration of a possible
Marvell Acquisition Proposal or investment in Marvell or any of its subsidiaries to return or destroy all confidential information heretofore furnished to
such person or entity or any of such person’s or entity’s representatives by or on behalf of Marvell or any of its subsidiaries and (b) except as otherwise
permitted by the fiduciary exception described below, prohibit any third party from having access to any physical or electronic data rooms relating to
any possible Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Marvell Acquisition Proposal” is defined as any offer or proposal contemplating or otherwise relating to any
Acquisition Transaction involving Marvell; and a “Marvell Acquisition Inquiry” is defined as an inquiry, indication of interest or request for nonpublic
information that would reasonably be expected to lead to a Marvell Acquisition Proposal.

Fiduciary Exception

Under the Merger Agreement, prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Marvell common shares
represented in person or by proxy at the Marvell general meeting at which a quorum is present (the “Required Marvell Shareholder Vote”), Marvell may
furnish nonpublic information regarding Marvell or any of its subsidiaries to, or enter into discussions or negotiations with, any person or entity who
submits (and does not withdraw) a Marvell Acquisition Proposal if:
 

 
•  neither Marvell or any of its subsidiaries nor any of their respective representatives have materially breached the provisions of the Merger

Agreement prohibiting solicitations of, and discussions and negotiations with respect to, alternate transactions;
 

 
•  the Marvell board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of

nationally recognized reputation and Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that such Marvell Acquisition Proposal constitutes or could reasonably
be expected to lead to a Marvell Superior Offer (as defined below);

 

 
•  the Marvell board of directors concludes in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of its outside legal counsel, that the failure

to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable
law; and

 

 

•  at least 24 hours prior to furnishing any such information to, or entering into discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, Marvell
(a) gives Cavium written notice of the identity of such person or entity and of Marvell’s intention to furnish information to, or enter into
discussions or negotiations with, such person or entity, (b) receives from such person or entity, and delivers to Cavium a copy of, an
executed confidentiality agreement containing customary limitations on the use and disclosure of all nonpublic information furnished to
such person or entity by or on behalf of Marvell and its subsidiaries and other provisions no less favorable to Marvell than the provisions of
the confidentiality agreement among Cavium, Marvell and Marvell Semiconductor, Inc. and (c) furnishes such nonpublic information to
Cavium (to the extent such nonpublic information has not been previously furnished by Marvell to Cavium).

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours after receipt thereof) advise Cavium orally and in
writing of any Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry or
 

160



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 174/263

Table of Contents

any related request for nonpublic information relating to Marvell or any its subsidiaries (including the identity of the person or entity making or
submitting such Marvell Acquisition Proposal, Marvell Acquisition Inquiry or request, the material terms and conditions thereof, and, if available, any
written documentation received by Marvell or any of its representatives from such person or entity or any of such person’s or entity’s representatives
setting forth such terms and conditions) that is made or submitted by any person or entity during the period from the date of the Merger Agreement
through the Effective Time. Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell also has agreed to keep Cavium reasonably informed, on a reasonably current basis,
with respect to the status of any such Marvell Acquisition Proposal, Marvell Acquisition Inquiry or request and any modification or proposed
modification thereto (including by promptly (and in any case, within 24 hours) providing a copy of all material email or other written communications
between Marvell or any of its representatives, on the one hand, and the person or entity that made such Marvell Acquisition Proposal, Marvell
Acquisition Inquiry or request or any of its representatives, on the other hand, relating to such Marvell Acquisition Proposal, Marvell Acquisition
Inquiry or request) and to promptly (and in no event later than 24 hours) notify Cavium orally and in writing if it intends to provide information in
connection with, or to engage in discussions or negotiations concerning, a Marvell Acquisition Proposal or Marvell Acquisition Inquiry.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Marvell Superior Offer” is defined as an unsolicited bona fide written offer by a third party to acquire all or a
majority of the issued Marvell common shares, that is not conditioned on financing and that is determined by the Marvell board of directors, in its good
faith judgment, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and Marvell’s outside
legal counsel and the likelihood and anticipated timing of completion, to be more favorable from a financial point of view to Marvell and its
shareholders than the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement (including the Merger).

Shareholder Meetings; No Change in Board Recommendation

Cavium Special Meeting

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed to (a) take all actions necessary in accordance with applicable legal requirements to call, give notice
of and hold a special meeting of its shareholders to vote on a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement as promptly as reasonably practicable following
the date of the Merger Agreement and (b) submit such proposal to, and use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in favor of such proposal from, its
shareholders at the Cavium special meeting. The Merger Agreement provides that Cavium may not submit any other proposal to its shareholders in
connection with the Cavium special meeting that is not related to the approval or completion of a transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement
without the prior written consent of Marvell. Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has also agreed to hold the Cavium special meeting (on a date
selected by Cavium in consultation with Marvell) as promptly as practicable after the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part is declared effective under the Securities Act.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed not to postpone or adjourn the Cavium special meeting without the consent of Marvell, other than
(a) to the extent necessary to ensure that any supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus that is required by applicable legal
requirements is disclosed to Cavium’s shareholders or (b) if, as of the time at which the Cavium special meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient
shares of Cavium common stock represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business to be conducted at
the Cavium special meeting, to the extent necessary to obtain such a quorum.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed to postpone or adjourn the Cavium special meeting up to two times for up to 30 days each time if
Marvell reasonably requests such postponement or adjournment in order to solicit additional proxies in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement
(but not later than five business days prior to the Outside Date), in which case, Cavium has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts during any such
postponement or adjournment to solicit and obtain such proxies in favor of the adoption of the Merger Agreement as soon as reasonably practicable.
Under the Merger Agreement, subject to applicable legal
 

161



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 175/263

Table of Contents

requirements: (a) Cavium has agreed to cooperate with Marvell and use its reasonable best efforts to cause the Cavium special meeting to be held on the
same date as the Marvell general meeting; and (b) if, notwithstanding such efforts, the Marvell general meeting is held prior to the Cavium special
meeting, Cavium has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause its meeting to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of
the Marvell general meeting.

Marvell General Meeting

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to (a) in accordance with its Bye-laws, take all actions necessary under all applicable legal
requirements to, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Merger Agreement, call, give notice of and hold a meeting of the holders of
Marvell common shares to vote on the Marvell Share Issuance as promptly as reasonably practicable after the date of the Merger Agreement and
(b) submit such proposal to, and use its reasonable best efforts to solicit proxies in favor of, such proposal from its shareholders at the Marvell general
meeting. The Merger Agreement provides that Marvell may not submit any other proposal to its shareholders in connection with the Marvell general
meeting that is not related to the approval or completion of a transaction contemplated by the Merger Agreement without the prior written consent of
Cavium. Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has also agreed to hold the Marvell general meeting on a date selected by Marvell in consultation with
Cavium and as promptly as practicable after the registration statement (of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part) is declared effective
under the Securities Act.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed not to postpone or adjourn the Marvell general meeting without the consent of Cavium, other than
(a) to the extent necessary to ensure that any supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus that is required by applicable legal
requirements is disclosed to Marvell’s shareholders or (b) if, as of the time at which the Marvell general meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient
Marvell common shares represented (either in person or by proxy) to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct the business to be conducted at the
Marvell general meeting, to the extent necessary to obtain such a quorum.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to postpone or adjourn the Marvell general meeting up to two times for up to 30 days each time if
Cavium reasonably requests such postponement or adjournment in order to solicit additional proxies in favor of the approval of the Marvell Share
Issuance (but not later than five business days prior to the Outside Date), in which case, Marvell has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts during any
such postponement or adjournment to solicit and obtain such proxies in favor of the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance as soon as reasonably
practicable. Under the Merger Agreement, subject to applicable legal requirements: (a) Marvell has agreed to cooperate with Cavium and use its
reasonable best efforts to cause the Marvell general meeting to be held on the same date as the Cavium special meeting; and (b) if, notwithstanding such
efforts, the Cavium special meeting is held prior to the Marvell general meeting, Marvell has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause its
meeting to be held as promptly as reasonably practicable following the date of the Cavium special meeting.

Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change

Cavium’s board of directors: (a) has determined and believes that the Merger is advisable and fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its
shareholders; (b) unanimously recommends that Cavium’s shareholders vote to adopt the Merger Agreement by voting “FOR” the approval of Merger
Proposal at the Cavium special meeting; and (c) has approved and adopted the Merger Agreement and approved the transactions contemplated in the
Merger Agreement, including the Merger, in accordance with the requirements of the DGCL.

The determination by Cavium’s board of directors that the Merger is advisable and fair to and in the best interests of Cavium and its shareholders and
the recommendation of Cavium’s board of directors that Cavium’s shareholders vote to adopt the Merger Agreement are collectively referred to as the
“Cavium Board Recommendation.”
 

162



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 176/263

Table of Contents

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the exceptions noted below, the Cavium board of directors (including any committee thereof) may not:
 

 
•  withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Marvell or Merger Sub, permit the withdrawal or modification in a manner adverse to Marvell or

Merger Sub or publicly propose to withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to Marvell or Merger Sub the Cavium Board
Recommendation (any such action being referred to as a “Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change”);

 

 •  approve, endorse, accept or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, accept or recommend, any Cavium Acquisition Proposal;
 

 

•  cause or permit Cavium or any subsidiary of Cavium to execute or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement
in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar
document or contract constituting or relating to, or that is intended to result in, contemplates or is reasonably likely to result in, an
Acquisition Transaction, other than a Permitted Confidentiality Agreement; or

 

 •  agree or publicly propose to take any of the actions contemplated in either of the two preceding bullets.

Fiduciary Exception

The Merger Agreement provides that, prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote, the Cavium board of
directors may make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change or cause Cavium to terminate the Merger Agreement and, concurrently with such
termination, cause Cavium to enter into a definitive agreement providing for consummation of a transaction contemplated by a Cavium Superior Offer
in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, but only:
 

 

•  if: (a) an unsolicited, bona fide, written Cavium Acquisition Proposal that did not result from a material breach of the applicable non-
solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement is made to Cavium after the date of the Merger Agreement and is not withdrawn;
(b) Cavium’s board of directors determines in good faith, after taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that such Cavium Acquisition Proposal constitutes a
Cavium Superior Offer, and that, in light of such Cavium Superior Offer, the failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change or
the failure to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Cavium Superior Offer would reasonably be expected to be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law; (c) prior to effecting such Cavium Adverse
Recommendation Change or terminating the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Cavium Superior Offer, Cavium’s board of directors
gives Marvell at least four business days’ prior written notice (i) that it has received a Cavium Superior Offer that did not result from a
material breach of any of the applicable non-solicitation provisions of the Merger Agreement, (ii) that it intends to make a Cavium Adverse
Recommendation Change as a result of such Cavium Superior Offer (and describing the intended Cavium Adverse Recommendation
Change) or to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Cavium Superior Offer and (iii) specifying the material terms and
conditions of such Cavium Superior Offer (and attaching the most current and complete version of any written agreement or other document
relating thereto); (d) for four business days after receipt by Marvell of such notice, Cavium’s board of directors does not make a Cavium
Adverse Recommendation Change and Cavium does not attempt to terminate the Merger Agreement; (e) during such four business day
notice period, Cavium engages (to the extent requested by Marvell) in good faith negotiations with Marvell to amend the Merger Agreement
in such a manner that the failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change or the failure to terminate the Merger in order to
accept such Cavium Superior Offer would not reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the fiduciary obligations of Cavium’s board of
directors to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law; and (f) at the time of any Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change or the
termination of the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Cavium Superior Offer, the Cavium board of directors

 
163



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 177/263

Table of Contents

 

determines in good faith, after taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and the
advice of Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change or the failure to terminate
the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Cavium Superior Offer would still reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the
fiduciary obligations of Cavium’s board of directors to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such Cavium Superior Offer;
provided, however, that when making such determination, Cavium’s board of directors will be obligated to consider any changes to the
terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by Marvell as a result of the negotiations required by clause “(e)” or otherwise; or

 

 

•  if: (a) there has been a Cavium Intervening Event (as defined below), (b) Cavium provides Marvell with 48 hours’ prior written notice of
any meeting of the Cavium board of directors at which the board is expected to consider and determine whether such Cavium Intervening
Event may require Cavium to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement;
(c) Cavium’s board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Cavium’s outside legal counsel, that, in light of such Cavium Intervening Event, the
failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations
to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law; (d) no Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change has been made for four business days
after receipt by Marvell of a written notice from Cavium confirming that Cavium’s board of directors has determined that the failure to make
such a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change in light of such Cavium Intervening Event would reasonably be expected to be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law; (e) during such four business day notice period,
Cavium engages (to the extent requested by Marvell) in good faith negotiations with Marvell to amend the Merger Agreement in such a
manner that the failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change would not reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the
fiduciary obligations of Cavium’s board of directors to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such Cavium Intervening
Event; and (f) at the time of any Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change, the Cavium board of directors determines in good faith, after
taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Cavium’s outside
legal counsel, that the failure to make a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change would still reasonably be expected to be inconsistent
with the fiduciary obligations of Cavium’s board of directors to Cavium’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such Cavium
Intervening Event; provided, however, that when making such determination, Cavium’s board of directors will be obligated to consider any
changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by Marvell as a result of the negotiations required by clause “(e)” or
otherwise.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Cavium Intervening Event” is defined as a material event, material development or change in circumstances
that relates to and is material to Cavium and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) (but does not relate to any Cavium Acquisition Proposal) that was not
known, and was not reasonably foreseeable, by Cavium or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Merger Agreement (or if known, the consequences of
which were not known, and were not reasonably foreseeable, by Cavium or any of its subsidiaries as of the date of the Merger Agreement), which event,
development or change in circumstance, or any material consequence thereof, becomes known to Cavium or any of its subsidiaries prior to the adoption
of the Merger Agreement by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote and did not result from or arise out of the announcement or pendency of, or any
action required to be taken (or to be refrained from being taken) pursuant to, the Merger Agreement.

Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change

Marvell’s board of directors: (a) has determined and believes that the Merger and the Marvell Share Issuance are fair to, and in the best interests of,
Marvell and its shareholders; (b) unanimously recommends that Marvell’s
 

164



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 178/263

Table of Contents

shareholders vote to approve the Marvell Share Issuance by voting “FOR” the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance at the Marvell general meeting;
and (c) has approved the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger and the Marvell Share
Issuance, in accordance with Marvell’s Bye-laws.

The determination by Marvell’s board of directors that the Marvell Share Issuance is fair to, and in the best interests of, Marvell and its shareholders and
the recommendation of Marvell’s board of directors that Marvell’s shareholders vote to approve the Marvell Share Issuance are collectively referred to
as the “Marvell Board Recommendation.”

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to the exceptions noted below, the Marvell board of directors (including any committee thereof) may not:
 

 
•  withdraw or modify in a manner adverse to Cavium, permit the withdrawal or medication in a manner adverse to Cavium or publicly

propose to withdraw or modify in any manner adverse to Cavium the Marvell Board Recommendation (any such action being referred to as
a “Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change”);

 

 •  approve, endorse, accept or recommend, or publicly propose to approve, endorse, accept or recommend, any Marvell Acquisition Proposal;
 

 

•  cause or permit Marvell or any subsidiary of Marvell to execute or enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement
in principle, merger agreement, acquisition agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar
document or contract constituting or relating to, or that is intended to result in, contemplates or is reasonably likely to result in, an
Acquisition Transaction, other than a Permitted Confidentiality Agreement; or

 

 •  agree or publicly propose to take any of the actions contemplated in either of the two preceding bullets.

Fiduciary Exception

The Merger Agreement provides that, prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote, the Marvell board
of directors may make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change or cause Marvell to terminate the Merger Agreement and, concurrently with such
termination, cause Marvell to enter a definitive agreement providing for consummation of a transaction contemplated by a Marvell Superior Offer in
accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement, but only:
 

 

•  if: (a) an unsolicited, bona fide, written Marvell Acquisition Proposal that did not result from a material breach of the Merger Agreement is
made to Marvell after the date of the Merger Agreement and is not withdrawn; (b) Marvell’s board of directors determines in good faith,
after taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Marvell’s
outside legal counsel, that such Marvell Acquisition Proposal constitutes a Marvell Superior Offer, and that, in light of such Marvell
Superior Offer, the failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change or the failure to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to
accept such Marvell Superior Offer would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Marvell’s shareholders
under applicable law; (c) prior to effecting such Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change or terminating the Merger Agreement in order to
accept such Marvell Superior Offer, Marvell’s board of directors gives Cavium at least four business days’ prior written notice (i) that it has
received a Marvell Superior Offer that did not result from a material breach of any of the provisions of the confidentiality provisions in the
Merger Agreement, (ii) that it intends to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change as a result of such Marvell Superior Offer (and
describing the intended Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change) or to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Marvell
Superior Offer and (iii) specifying the material terms and conditions of such Marvell Superior Offer (and attaching the most current and
complete version of any written

 
165



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 179/263

Table of Contents

 

agreement or other document relating thereto); (d) for four business days after receipt by Cavium of such notice, Marvell’s board of
directors does not make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change and Marvell does not attempt to terminate the Merger Agreement;
(e) during such four business day notice period, Marvell engages (to the extent requested by Cavium) in good faith negotiations with
Cavium to amend the Merger Agreement in such a manner that the failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change or the
failure to terminate the Merger in order to accept such Marvell Superior Offer would not reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the
fiduciary obligations of Marvell’s board of directors to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law; and (f) at the time of any Marvell
Adverse Recommendation Change or the termination of the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Marvell Superior Offer, the Marvell
board of directors determines in good faith, after taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized
reputation and the advice of Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that the failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change or the
failure to terminate the Merger Agreement in order to accept such Marvell Superior Offer would still reasonably be expected to be
inconsistent with the fiduciary obligations of Marvell’s board of directors to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such
Marvell Superior Offer; provided, however, that when making such determination, Marvell’s board of directors will be obligated to consider
any changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by Cavium as a result of the negotiations required by clause “(e)” or
otherwise; or

 

 

•  if: (a) there has been a Marvell Intervening Event (as defined below), (b) Marvell provides Cavium with 48 hours’ prior written notice of
any meeting of the Marvell board of directors at which the board is expected to consider and determine whether such Marvell Intervening
Event may require Marvell to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change in accordance with the terms of the Merger Agreement;
(c) Marvell’s board of directors determines in good faith, after having taken into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of
nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Marvell’s outside legal counsel, that, in light of such Marvell Intervening Event, the
failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations
to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law; (d) no Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change has been made for four business days
after receipt by Cavium of a written notice from Marvell confirming that Marvell’s board of directors has determined that the failure to make
such a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change in light of such Marvell Intervening Event would reasonably be expected to be
inconsistent with its fiduciary obligations to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law; (e) during such four business day notice period,
Marvell engages (to the extent requested by Cavium) in good faith negotiations with Cavium to amend the Merger Agreement in such a
manner that the failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change would not reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the
fiduciary obligations of Marvell’s board of directors to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such Marvell Intervening
Event; and (f) at the time of any Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change, the Marvell board of directors determines in good faith, after
taking into account the advice of an independent financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and the advice of Marvell’s outside
legal counsel, that the failure to make a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change would still reasonably be expected to be inconsistent
with the fiduciary obligations of Marvell’s board of directors to Marvell’s shareholders under applicable law in light of such Marvell
Intervening Event; provided, however, that when making such determination, Marvell’s board of directors will be obligated to consider any
changes to the terms of the Merger Agreement proposed in writing by Cavium as a result of the negotiations required by clause “(e)” or
otherwise.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Marvell Intervening Event” is a material event, material development or change in circumstances that relates
to and is material to Marvell and its subsidiaries (taken as a whole) (but does not relate to any Marvell Acquisition Proposal) that was not known, and
was not reasonably foreseeable, by Marvell or any of its subsidiaries on the date of the Merger Agreement (or if known, the consequences of which were
not known, and were not reasonably foreseeable, by Marvell or any of subsidiaries as of the date of the
 

166



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 180/263

Table of Contents

Merger Agreement), which event, development or change in circumstance, or any material consequence thereof, becomes known to Marvell prior to the
approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote and did not result from or arise out of the announcement or pendency
of, or any action required to be taken (or to be refrained from being taken) pursuant to, the Merger Agreement.

Financing Matters

In connection with the execution and delivery of the Merger Agreement, Marvell delivered to Cavium an executed copy of a debt commitment letter,
together with executed copies of the related fee letters (which have been redacted as set forth in the Merger Agreement), each in effect as of the date of
the Merger Agreement from Goldman Sachs Bank USA, Bank of America, N.A., and Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated (the “Debt
Commitment Letter”) to provide debt financing in an aggregate amount set forth therein and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein (the
“Committed Debt Financing”).

Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Marvell may amend, restate, supplement or otherwise modify or waive any of its rights under the Debt Commitment
Letter or any Definitive Debt Financing Agreement (as defined below) and/or substitute other debt financing for all or any portion of the Committed
Debt Financing from the same or alternative financing sources, subject to certain exceptions (a “Permitted Alterative Debt Financing”).

The Merger Agreement provides that, if the commitments with respect to all or any portion of the Committed Debt Financing expire or are terminated,
or all or any portion of the Committed Debt Financing otherwise becomes unavailable, other than in connection with (x) any Permitted Alternative Debt
Financing having been obtained that does not require the consent of Cavium pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement or (y) the commitments
with respect to the Committed Debt Financing set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter being replaced with commitments with respect thereto set forth
in the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements, then Marvell must:
 

 •  promptly notify Cavium of such event and the reasons therefor;
 

 

•  use reasonable best efforts to, as promptly as practicable following the occurrence of such event (but no later than the third business day
prior to the Outside Date), arrange and obtain, at its sole expense, from alternative sources debt financing in an amount sufficient, when
taken together with all other sources of cash available to Marvell, to satisfy the Financing Uses “—Financing Matters,” (such financing, a
“Required Alternative Debt Financing,” and together with the Committed Debt Financing and any Permitted Alternative Debt Financing, the
“Debt Financing”) on terms and conditions (including any “flex” provisions) that (a) are not materially less favorable to Marvell than the
Committed Debt Financing set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter and (b) would not adversely affect the ability of Marvell to timely
complete the Merger; and

 

 
•  when obtained, promptly provide Cavium with a copy of each executed commitment letter in respect of such alternative financing, together

with all related fee letters (with customary redactions).

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, the “Financing Sources” are defined as the parties to the Debt Commitment Letter (other than Marvell) on the
date of the Merger Agreement and each other person or entity (other than Marvell or any of its subsidiaries) that has committed to provide or otherwise
entered into any commitment letter, engagement letter, credit agreement, underwriting agreement, purchase agreement, indenture or other agreement
with Marvell or any of its affiliates in connection with, or that is otherwise acting as an arranger, bookrunner, underwriter, initial purchaser, placement
agent, administrative or collateral agent, trustee or a similar representative in respect of, all or any part of the Debt Financing.

As part of its covenants under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to
do, or cause to be done, all things necessary or advisable to arrange and obtain the Debt Financing on the terms and conditions (as such terms may be
modified or adjusted in accordance with the terms, and within the limits, of the “flex” provisions contained in any fee letter) contemplated by the Debt
Commitment Letter.
 

167



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 181/263

Table of Contents

In furtherance of the foregoing, under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed not to amend, restate, supplement, or otherwise modify, or waive any
provision of, the Debt Commitment Letter, any fee letter related thereto, or any definitive agreements with respect to the Debt Financing (the “Definitive
Debt Financing Agreements”), or substitute any portion of the Debt Financing, without the prior written consent of Cavium if such amendment,
restatement, supplement or other modification or waiver or such substitution would:
 

 

•  reduce the aggregate amount of the Debt Financing, including by increasing the amount of fees to be paid or original issue discount, to an
amount below the amount needed, when taken together with all other sources of cash available to Marvell, to satisfy all of Marvell’s
payment obligations under the Merger Agreement, including the payment when due of the consideration for the Merger, and all costs and
expenses of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and any repayment or refinancing of indebtedness (including
indebtedness under Cavium’s existing credit agreement) contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter (collectively, the “Financing Uses”);
or

 

 

•  impose new or additional conditions, or otherwise amend, modify or expand any conditions, to the initial funding of the Debt Financing in a
manner that would (a) delay or prevent the funding of the Debt Financing in at least the amount needed, when taken together with all other
sources of cash available to Marvell, to satisfy the Financing Uses or (b) adversely impact the ability of Marvell to (i) enforce its rights
against the other parties to the Debt Commitment Letter or the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements or (ii) timely complete the
transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, except that Marvell may (A) add financing sources in accordance with the terms of the
Debt Commitment Letter or the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements and (B) implement any “flex” provisions contained in one or more
fee letters related to the Debt Financing.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has also agreed to furnish Cavium with executed copies of any amendments to the Debt Commitment Letter
(with any fee letter redacted in a customary manner) and all Definitive Debt Financing Agreements promptly upon their execution, and to use reasonable
best efforts to:
 

 •  maintain in effect the Debt Commitment Letter or, if applicable, the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements;
 

 •  negotiate, enter into and deliver the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements;
 

 
•  satisfy on a timely basis all terms, conditions and covenants applicable to Marvell and its subsidiaries, including with respect to the payment

of any commitment, engagement or placement fees, in the Debt Commitment Letter and the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements to the
extent the failure to do so would result in a failure of a condition precedent to the availability of the Debt Financing; and

 

 
•  seek to enforce its rights with respect to funding under the Debt Commitment Letter and the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements in the

event of a breach thereof by the Financing Sources party thereto.

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell also has obligations to promptly notify Cavium (in any event, within two business days after becoming aware
thereof) if, prior to the Effective Time:
 

 

•  the Debt Commitment Letter expires or is terminated, other than in connection with (x) any substitute Debt Financing having been obtained
that does not require the consent of Cavium pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement or (y) the commitments with respect to the Debt
Financing set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter being replaced with commitments with respect thereto set forth in the Definitive Debt
Financing Agreements;

 

 
•  Marvell becomes aware of any actual or potential default or material breach (or any event that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both,

would give rise to any default or material breach) by any party to the Debt Commitment Letter or any Definitive Debt Financing
Agreements;

 

 
•  Marvell becomes aware of any oral or written repudiation of, or indication by any Financing Source that it will not provide, or if it refuses to

provide, all or any portion of the Debt Financing contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter or the Definitive Debt Financing
Agreements on the terms and conditions set forth therein;

 
168



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 182/263

Table of Contents

 
•  Marvell receives any written notice from any person or entity with respect to any material dispute or disagreement between or among any

parties to the Debt Commitment Letter or any Definitive Debt Financing Agreement relating to the availability of the Debt Financing on or
prior to the closing date of the Merger; or

 

 

•  Marvell believes in good faith that it will not be able to obtain all or any portion of the Debt Financing on the terms and conditions, in the
manner or from the sources contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter or the Definitive Debt Financing Agreements, as the case may be,
to the extent such Debt Financing is needed, when taken together with all other sources of cash available to Marvell, to satisfy the Financing
Uses.

Under the Merger Agreement, subject to certain limitations, prior to the Effective Time, Cavium has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to provide, and
to use reasonable best efforts to cause its subsidiaries and its representatives to provide, to Marvell all cooperation reasonably requested by Marvell in
connection with the Debt Financing, including by using reasonable best efforts to:
 

 
•  cause the management of Cavium, in each case, with appropriate seniority and expertise, to participate, upon reasonable advance notice, in a

reasonable number of meetings, presentations, roadshows, drafting sessions, sessions with rating agencies and due diligence sessions at
times and in locations reasonably acceptable to Cavium;

 

 

•  subject to the confidentiality undertakings set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter or other customary confidentiality undertakings in
connection with the Debt Financing, provide reasonable and customary assistance with the preparation of materials relating to Cavium and
its subsidiaries in connection with any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement for rating agency presentations and
marketing materials with respect to the Debt Financing, and provide reasonable cooperation with the due diligence efforts of the Financing
Sources with respect to Cavium and its subsidiaries;

 

 

•  (a) obtain customary payoff letters and such other documents relating to the repayment of the existing indebtedness under Cavium’s existing
credit agreement or (to the extent required by the conditions precedent set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter or the Definitive Debt
Financing Agreements) any other material contract and the release of any related guarantees and liens as are reasonably requested by
Marvell or the Financing Sources, (b) provide, at least three business days prior to the closing date of the Merger, all documentation and
other information required by bank regulatory authorities under applicable “know-your-customer” and anti-money laundering rules and
regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, relating to Cavium or any of its subsidiaries, in each case as reasonably requested by Marvell
or the Financing Sources at least ten business days prior to the closing date of the Merger and (c) provide customary authorization letters
(which shall contain customary representations) with respect to information relating to Cavium and its subsidiaries that is contained in any
marketing materials with respect to the Debt Financing;

 

 
•  furnish to Marvell and the Financing Sources (a) certain financing deliverables described in the Merger Agreement as promptly as

practicable following Marvell’s request therefor and (b) certain financing information described in the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  take such actions as are reasonably requested by Marvell to facilitate the satisfaction on a timely basis of all conditions precedent to

obtaining the Debt Financing that are within Cavium’s control;
 

 •  cause its independent auditors to provide reasonable and customary cooperation in connection with the Debt Financing;
 

 
•  upon reasonable request, identify any material non-public information relating to Cavium and its subsidiaries or their securities contained in

the marketing materials for the Debt Financing and make such disclosures as may be required to comply with Regulation FD to the extent
applicable to such material non-public information relating to Cavium and its subsidiaries or their securities;

 
169



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 183/263

Table of Contents

 

•  assist Marvell with Marvell’s preparation of pro forma financial statements and projections that are necessary to satisfy any condition to the
Debt Financing or that are customarily included in marketing materials for the Debt Financing (provided that Cavium, its subsidiaries and
their representatives shall not be responsible for the preparation of such pro forma financial statements (or any related pro forma
adjustments) or such projections);

 

 
•  assist with the preparation of Definitive Debt Financing Agreements (including review of any disclosure schedules related thereto for

completeness and accuracy);
 

 

•  cooperate to facilitate the granting of guarantees by, or pledging of, granting of security interests in and obtaining perfection of any liens on
collateral owned by, Cavium and its subsidiaries in connection with the Debt Financing (including (a) entering into the applicable Definitive
Debt Financing Agreements effective as of the Effective Time and (b) delivering to Marvell original copies of all certificated securities
evidencing any equity interests owned by Cavium or any of its subsidiaries in any of Cavium’s subsidiaries substantially concurrently with
completion of the Merger);

 

 
•  obtain such consents, approvals, authorizations and instruments as are reasonably requested by Marvell to permit the completion of the Debt

Financing;
 

 
•  furnish to Marvell and the Financing Sources customary fact back-up reasonably requested by Marvell for information relating to Cavium

and its subsidiaries to be included in certain offering documents for the Debt Financing; and
 

 
•  furnish to Marvell and the Financing Sources other documents of Cavium and its subsidiaries reasonably requested by the Financing Sources

in connection with any Debt Financing that includes an offering of securities in order to allow such Financing Sources to establish a “due-
diligence” defense.

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, Cavium will be reimbursed by Marvell for all reasonable and documented out-of-
pocket costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) incurred in connection with its cooperation in obtaining the Debt Financing, and
indemnified by Marvell for any losses, damages, claims, costs or other expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) suffered or incurred in
connection with the arrangement of the Debt Financing and any information used in connection therewith, except when such losses, damages, claims,
costs or other expenses arise from Cavium’s bad faith, fraud, intentional misrepresentation or willful misconduct.

Employee Matters

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell has agreed:
 

 

•  for a period of one year following the Effective Time and subject to the applicable legal requirements of each jurisdiction, to maintain, or
cause the Surviving Corporation to maintain, for each employee of Cavium and its subsidiaries who continues in employment with Marvell,
the Surviving Corporation or any subsidiary thereof, base salary at a level that is no less favorable than the base salary provided to such
employee immediately prior to the Effective Time;

 

 

•  that all employees of Cavium and its subsidiaries who continue employment with Marvell, the Surviving Corporation or any subsidiary of
the Surviving Corporation after the Effective time (collectively, the “Continuing Employees”) will be eligible to continue to participate in
the Surviving Corporation’s, or an applicable subsidiary’s, health and welfare benefit plans (or, in the event such plans are terminated, in
Marvell’s health and welfare benefit plans), to substantially the same extent as similarly situated employees of Marvell;

 

 
•  with respect to each benefit plan, program, practice, policy or arrangement maintained by Marvell or its subsidiaries (including the

Surviving Corporation) following the Effective Time and in which any of the Continuing Employees participate (a “Marvell Plan”), and
except to the extent necessary to avoid duplication of benefits, for purposes of determining eligibility to participate and vesting, service with

 
170



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 184/263

Table of Contents

 
Cavium and its subsidiaries (or predecessor employers to the extent Cavium provides past service credit under its benefit plans) will, to the
extent permitted by the terms of the applicable benefit plan, program, practice, policy or arrangement, be treated as service with Marvell and
its subsidiaries;

 

 
•  that each applicable Marvell Plan will, to the extent permitted by the terms of the applicable Marvell Plan, waive eligibility waiting periods

and pre-existing condition limitations to the extent waived or not included under the corresponding Cavium employee benefit plan; and
 

 

•  to the extent permitted under the applicable Marvell Plan, to give or cause its subsidiaries (including the Surviving Corporation) to give the
Continuing Employees credit under the applicable Marvell Plan for amounts paid prior to the Effective Time during the calendar year in
which the Effective Time occurs under a corresponding Cavium employee benefit plan for purposes of applying deductibles, co-payments
and out-of-pocket maximums as though such amounts had been paid in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Marvell Plan.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed, if requested by Marvell prior to the Effective Time, to adopt, or cause to be adopted, all corporate
resolutions (which shall be subject to Marvell’s reasonable review and approval) to terminate, effective immediately prior to the Effective Time, any
employee benefit plan sponsored or maintained by Cavium or any ERISA Affiliate that contains a cash or deferred arrangement intended to qualify
under Section 401(k) of the Code (the “Cavium 401(k) Plan”). The Merger Agreement provides that, immediately prior to such termination, Cavium (or
such ERISA Affiliate) shall make all necessary payments to fund: (a) the contributions necessary or required to maintain the tax-qualified status of the
Cavium 401(k) Plan; (b) the contributions for elective deferrals made pursuant to the Cavium 401(k) Plan for the period prior to termination; and (c) the
contributions for any employer contributions (including matching contributions) for the period prior to termination. The Merger Agreement provides
that, in the event of such termination of the Cavium 401(k) Plan, promptly following the Effective Time, Marvell will cause a plan maintained by
Marvell and intended to be qualified under Code Section 401(a) which includes a cash or deferred arrangement intended to qualify under Code
Section 401(k) to accept eligible (i) rollover contributions in cash of amounts distributed to Continuing Employees from Cavium’s 401(k) Plan and
(ii) in-kind rollovers of Continuing Employees’ loan balances, and will provide for continued repayments of any such loans through payroll deductions
commencing not later than with the first payroll period ending not more than 14 days following the date of such rollover.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, an “ERISA Affiliate” is defined as any trade or business, whether or not incorporated, that together with
Cavium would be, or, within the preceding six years would have been, deemed to be a single employer for purposes of section 4001 of ERISA or
Sections 414(b), (c), (m), (n) or (o) of the Code.

Indemnification and Insurance

The Merger Agreement provides that all rights to indemnification existing in favor of those persons or entities who have been or are directors and
officers of Cavium or any of its subsidiaries (the “Indemnified Persons”) for their acts and omissions occurring prior to the Effective Time, as provided
in Cavium’s or the applicable subsidiary’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (as in effect as of the date of the Merger Agreement) and as provided in
any indemnification agreements between Cavium or the applicable subsidiary and such Indemnified Persons (as in effect as of the date of the Merger
Agreement) that were made available to Marvell prior to the date of the Merger Agreement, will survive the Merger and continue in full force and effect
(to the fullest extent such rights to indemnification are available under and consistent with Delaware law) for a period of six years from the Effective
Time.

The Merger Agreement provides that, from the Effective Time until the sixth anniversary of the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will maintain
in effect, for the benefit of the Indemnified Persons with respect to their acts and omissions as directors and officers occurring prior to the Effective
Time, the existing policy of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance maintained by Cavium as of the date of the Merger Agreement in the form made
available to Marvell prior to the date of the Merger Agreement (the “Existing D&O Policy”), to the extent that
 

171



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 185/263

Table of Contents

such directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage is available on commercially reasonable terms; provided, however, that: (a) the Surviving
Corporation may substitute for the Existing D&O Policy a policy or policies of comparable coverage; and (b) the Surviving Corporation will not be
required to pay annual premiums for the Existing D&O Policy (or for any substitute policies) in excess of the Maximum Premium. The Merger
Agreement provides that if any future annual premiums for the Existing D&O Policy (or any substitute policies) exceed the Maximum Premium in the
aggregate, the Surviving Corporation will be entitled to reduce the amount of coverage of the Existing D&O Policy (or any substitute policies) to the
amount of coverage that can be obtained for a premium equal to the Maximum Premium. Prior to the Effective Time, Cavium may purchase a pre-paid,
non-cancellable “tail” policy on the Existing D&O Policy for a claims reporting or discovery period of six years from the Effective Time and otherwise
on terms and conditions that are no less favorable than the terms and conditions of the Existing D&O Policy; provided, however, that Cavium will not,
without the prior written consent of Marvell, expend an amount for such tail policy in excess of the Maximum Premium. The Merger Agreement
provides that, if such “tail” policy is purchased, the Surviving Corporation will, and Marvell will cause the Surviving Corporation to, maintain such
“tail” policy in full force and effect and continue its obligations thereunder, in lieu of all other obligations of the Surviving Corporation under the first
sentence of this paragraph for so long as such “tail” policy is maintained in full force and effect.

Efforts to Complete the Merger

Under the Merger Agreement, each of Marvell and Cavium has agreed to use its reasonable best efforts, subject to the limitations described below, to
take, or cause to be taken, all actions necessary to complete the Merger and make effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement, including obtaining CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM approval. The Merger Agreement provides that, without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, but subject to the limitations described below, each of Marvell and Cavium will, among other things:
 

 
•  make all filings, give all notices (if any) and provide all information (if any) required to be made, given or provided by such party in

connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;
 

 
•  consult with such party’s employees to the extent required under applicable legal requirements in connection with the Merger or any of the

other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; and
 

 
•  use its reasonable best efforts to obtain each consent (if any) required to be obtained (pursuant to any applicable legal requirement or

contract, or otherwise) by such party in connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained in the Merger Agreement, Marvell will have
no obligation to:
 

 
•  dispose of or transfer or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to dispose of or transfer any assets, or to commit to cause Cavium or any of

its subsidiaries to dispose of any assets;
 

 
•  discontinue or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to discontinue offering any product or service, or to commit to cause Cavium or any

of its subsidiaries to discontinue offering any product or service;
 

 
•  license or otherwise make available, or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to license or otherwise make available, to any person or

entity, any software or other intellectual property or intellectual property right, or to commit to cause Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to
license or otherwise make available to any person or entity any software or other intellectual property or intellectual property right;

 

 
•  hold separate or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to hold separate any assets or operations (either before or after the closing date of

the Merger), or to commit to cause Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to hold separate any assets or operations; or
 

172



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 186/263

Table of Contents

 
•  make or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to make any commitment regarding its future operations or the future operations of Cavium

or any of its subsidiaries,

unless the actions referred to in the foregoing five bullet points (a) are reasonably necessary to satisfy the closing conditions relating to regulatory
matters and (b) would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a significant impact on the strategic or financial benefits
of the Merger to Marvell.

The Merger Agreement provides that, notwithstanding the foregoing, or anything to the contrary contained in the Merger Agreement, (a) Marvell will
have no obligation to contest, or cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates to contest, any legal proceeding relating to the Merger if Marvell reasonably
determines in good faith that contesting such legal proceeding would not be advisable and (b) Marvell will not be required to:
 

 

•  divest, transfer or otherwise dispose of, to hold separate or to commit to cause any of its subsidiaries or affiliates or Cavium or any of its
subsidiaries to divest, transfer or otherwise dispose of or to hold separate all or any portion of (i) the Ethernet switch business or the
embedded communication processor business of Marvell and its subsidiaries or (ii) the Ethernet switch business or the processor business of
Cavium and its subsidiaries;

 

 •  change, or commit to change, its place of domicile or organization; or
 

 •  restructure or commit to restructure any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

provided, however, that if Marvell elects to change its place of domicile or organization or to restructure any of the transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement in response to a request from a governmental body or in order to facilitate the satisfaction of any of the closing conditions relating to
regulatory matters, then Cavium has agreed that it will, and will cause its subsidiaries to (x) consent to, and cooperate with Marvell in connection with,
the taking of any such action and (y) take any other action in connection therewith as Marvell may reasonably request. The Merger Agreement provides
that, at the request of Marvell, Cavium will divest, sell, dispose of, hold separate or take any other action with respect to any of the businesses, product
lines or assets of Cavium and its subsidiaries, provided that any such action is conditioned upon the completion of the Merger.

Any condition, remedy or action that Marvell is not obligated to accept or take pursuant to the three previous sentences is referred to herein as a
“Burdensome Condition.”

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium and Marvell have further agreed to:
 

 
•  promptly after the date of the Merger Agreement, prepare and file the notification and report forms required to be filed under the HSR Act

and any notification or other document required to be filed or submitted under any applicable foreign antitrust or competition-related legal
requirement in connection with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  respond as promptly as practicable to (a) any inquiries or requests received from the Federal Trade Commission or the Department of Justice

for additional information or documentation and (b) any inquiries or requests received from any state attorney general, foreign antitrust or
competition authority or other governmental body in connection with antitrust or related matters;

 

 
•  promptly (and not later than 20 business days after the date of the Merger Agreement, unless otherwise agreed by the parties) make a draft

filing in connection with obtaining CFIUS Approval in accordance with the DPA;
 

 
•  make a final filing in connection with obtaining CFIUS Approval in accordance with the DPA promptly after receipt of confirmation that

CFIUS has no further comments with respect to the draft filing; and
 

 
•  respond as promptly as practicable to any information request from CFIUS or any other agency or branch of the U.S. government in

connection with the CFIUS review or investigation of the Merger.
 

173



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 187/263

Table of Contents

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium and Marvell have agreed that if CFIUS suggests or requests that, or Cavium or Marvell determines it to be
appropriate that, the parties withdraw and resubmit the filing submitted to CFIUS pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Cavium and Marvell will
cooperate in withdrawing and resubmitting the CFIUS filing; provided, however, that neither Cavium nor Marvell will be under any obligation to
resubmit such filing if Cavium or Marvell reasonably determines that CFIUS Approval could not be obtained before the Outside Date.

Listing and Delisting

Under the Merger Agreement, Marvell and Cavium have agreed to use their respective reasonable best efforts to take all actions required to be taken
under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder, any applicable state
securities or “blue sky” laws and the rules and regulations thereunder in connection with the issuance, exchange and listing of the Marvell common
shares to be issued to Cavium shareholders in connection with the Merger.

Under the Merger Agreement, Cavium has agreed to, prior to the Effective Time, cooperate with Marvell and use its reasonable best efforts to take all
actions reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to enable the Cavium common stock to be delisted from NASDAQ and deregistered under the
Exchange Act as promptly as practicable after the Merger is complete.

Other Covenants

The Merger Agreement contains certain other covenants, including, among other things, covenants relating to cooperation between Marvell and Cavium
in the preparation of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, other filings to be made with the SEC or any other governmental body, notification of certain
matters, cooperation between Marvell and Cavium with respect to public announcements, and cooperation between Marvell and Cavium regarding
certain litigation relating to the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

Conditions to Completion of the Merger

The completion of the Merger depends upon the satisfaction or waiver of a number of conditions, which, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and
as described below, may be waived by Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium, as applicable.

Under the Merger Agreement, the obligations of Marvell and Merger Sub to complete the Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Marvell,
on behalf of itself and Merger Sub), at or prior to the completion of the Merger, of each of the following conditions:
 

 

•  each representation and warranty made by Cavium in the Merger Agreement relating to the authorization and validity of the Merger
Agreement, takeover statutes and shareholder rights plans, the requisite shareholder vote needed by Cavium with respect to the approval and
adoption of the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the opinions of Cavium’s financial advisors and advisors’ fees
was accurate in all material respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and is accurate in all material respects as of the closing date of
the Merger (in each case, other than any such representation and warranty made as of a specific earlier date, which must have been accurate
in all material respects as of such earlier date); provided, however, that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of the foregoing
representations and warranties, all “Material Adverse Effect” and other materiality and similar qualifications will be disregarded;

 

 
•  each representation and warranty made by Cavium in the Merger Agreement relating to certain capitalization and related matters was

accurate in all respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and is accurate in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger (in each
case, other than any

 
174



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 188/263

Table of Contents

 
representation and warranty made as of November 16, 2017, which must have been accurate in all respects as of such date), except that any
inaccuracies in such representations and warranties that are, in the aggregate, de minimis in nature will be disregarded;

 

 

•  each other representation and warranty made by Cavium in the Merger Agreement was accurate in all respects as of the date of the Merger
Agreement and is accurate in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger (in each case, other than any such representation and warranty
made as of a specific earlier date, which must have been accurate in all respects as of such earlier date), except that any inaccuracies in such
representations and warranties will be disregarded if the circumstances giving rise to all such inaccuracies (considered collectively) do not
constitute, and would not reasonably be expected to have or result in, a Material Adverse Effect on Cavium and its subsidiaries; provided,
however, that, for purposes of determining the accuracy of the foregoing representations and warranties, all “Material Adverse Effect” and
other materiality and similar qualifications will be disregarded;

 

 
•  the covenants and obligations in the Merger Agreement that Cavium is required to comply with or to perform at or prior to the completion of

the Merger have been complied with and performed in all material respects;
 

 
•  the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part is effective in accordance with the provisions of the

Securities Act, and no stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose have been
initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC that have not been withdrawn;

 

 
•  the Merger Agreement has been duly adopted by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote and the Marvell Share Issuance has been duly

approved by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote;
 

 
•  Marvell’s receipt of a certificate executed on behalf of Cavium by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer confirming that to

the knowledge of such officer, the closing conditions relating to Cavium’s representations and warranties and compliance with covenants,
described above, have been duly satisfied;

 

 
•  since the date of the Merger Agreement, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect on Cavium and its subsidiaries that is

continuing;
 

 

•  the waiting period applicable to the completion of the Merger under the HSR Act has expired or been terminated without the imposition of a
Burdensome Condition (other than a Burdensome Condition to which Marvell had previously agreed in writing) and any similar waiting
period under any applicable antitrust or competition-related law or regulation or other legal requirement in the United States, the People’s
Republic of China and Poland has expired or been terminated without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition (other than a Burdensome
Condition to which Marvell had previously agreed in writing);

 

 •  CFIUS Approval has been obtained and is in full force and effect;
 

 
•  MOFCOM approval has been obtained and is in full force and effect without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition (other than a

Burdensome Condition to which Marvell had previously agreed in writing);
 

 

•  any other governmental authorization or other consent required under any applicable foreign antitrust or competition-related law or
regulation or other legal requirement in the United States, the People’s Republic of China and Poland has been obtained and is in full force
and effect without the imposition of a Burdensome Condition (other than a Burdensome Condition to which Marvell had previously agreed
in writing);

 

 
•  the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger are authorized and approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance) on

NASDAQ;
 

 
•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other binding order preventing the completion of the Merger has

been issued by any Specified Governmental Body (as defined below)
 

175



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 189/263

Table of Contents

 
and is still in effect, and there is no legal requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger by any Specified Governmental Body that
makes completion of the Merger illegal and is still in effect; and

 

 

•  there is no pending or overtly threatened legal proceeding brought by a governmental body: (a) challenging or seeking to restrain or prohibit
the completion of the Merger or any of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement; (b) seeking to prohibit or limit in any
material respect Marvell’s ability to vote, receive dividends with respect to or otherwise exercise ownership rights with respect to the stock
of the Surviving Corporation; (c) that could materially and adversely affect the right of Marvell or Cavium or any of its subsidiaries to own
the assets or operate the business of Cavium and its subsidiaries; (d) seeking to compel Cavium or Marvell or any of their respective
subsidiaries to dispose of or hold separate any material assets as a result of the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
Merger Agreement; or (e) relating to the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and seeking to
impose (or that would reasonably be expected to result in the imposition of) any criminal sanctions or criminal liability on Marvell or
Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries or any of the officers, directors or affiliates of Marvell or Cavium or any of Cavium’s subsidiaries.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Specified Governmental Body” is defined as any governmental body that has jurisdiction over Cavium,
Marvell, Merger Sub, any of their respective Significant Subsidiaries or any of their respective Significant Subsidiaries’ businesses or assets that are
material to Cavium and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or to Marvell and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

Under the Merger Agreement, the obligations of Cavium to complete the Merger is subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by Cavium), at or prior to the
completion of the Merger, of the following conditions:
 

 

•  each representation and warranty made by Marvell and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement relating to the authorization and validity of the
Merger Agreement, the requisite shareholder vote needed by Marvell with respect to approval of the Marvell Share Issuance, the opinion of
Marvell’s financial advisor and advisors’ fees was accurate in all material respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and is accurate in
all material respects as of the closing date of the Merger (in each case, other than any such representation and warranty made as of a specific
earlier date, which must have been accurate in all material respects as of such earlier date); provided, however, that, for purposes of
determining the accuracy of the foregoing representations and warranties, all Material Adverse Effect and other materiality and similar
qualifications will be disregarded;

 

 

•  each representation and warranty made by Marvell and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement relating to certain capitalization and related
matters was accurate in all respects as of the date of the Merger Agreement and is accurate in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger
(in each case, other than any representation and warranty made as of November 16, 2017, which must have been accurate in all respects as
of such date), except that any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties that are, in the aggregate, de minimis in nature will be
disregarded;

 

 

•  the other representations and warranties made by Marvell and Merger Sub in the Merger Agreement were accurate in all respects as of the
date of the Merger Agreement and are accurate in all respects as of the closing date of the Merger (in each case, other than any such
representation and warranty made as of a specific earlier date, which must have been accurate in all respects as of such earlier date), except
that any inaccuracies in such representations and warranties will be disregarded if the circumstances giving rise to all such inaccuracies
(considered collectively) do not constitute, and would not reasonably be expected to have or result in, a “Material Adverse Effect” on
Marvell; provided, however, that: (a) for purposes of determining the accuracy of the foregoing representations and warranties, all Material
Adverse Effect and other materiality and similar qualifications will be disregarded; and (b) any inaccuracy in or breach of certain
representations or warranties relating to the sufficiency of the Debt Financing will be disregarded if Marvell is willing and able to complete
the Merger on the scheduled closing date of the Merger;

 
176



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 190/263

Table of Contents

 
•  the covenants and obligations in the Merger Agreement that Marvell and Merger Sub are required to comply with or to perform at or prior to

the completion of the Merger have been complied with and performed in all material respects;
 

 
•  the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part is effective in accordance with the provisions of the

Securities Act, and no stop order suspending its effectiveness has been issued by the SEC and no proceedings for that purpose have been
initiated or threatened in writing by the SEC that have not been withdrawn;

 

 
•  the Merger Agreement has been duly adopted by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote and the Marvell Share Issuance has been duly

approved by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote;
 

 
•  Cavium’s receipt of a certificate executed on behalf of Marvell by its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer confirming that to

the knowledge of such officer, the closing conditions relating to Marvell’s representations and warranties and compliance with covenants,
described above, have been duly satisfied;

 

 •  since the date of the Merger Agreement, there has not occurred any Material Adverse Effect on Marvell that is continuing;
 

 •  the waiting period applicable to the completion of the Merger under the HSR Act has expired or been terminated;
 

 
•  the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger are authorized and approved for listing (subject to official notice of issuance) on

NASDAQ;
 

 

•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other order preventing the completion of the Merger has been issued
by any court of competent jurisdiction in the United States and is still in effect, and there is no legal requirement enacted or deemed
applicable to the Merger by any federal or state governmental body in the United States that makes completion of the Merger illegal and is
still in effect; and

 

 

•  no temporary restraining order, preliminary or permanent injunction or other binding order preventing the completion of the Merger has
been issued by any court of competent jurisdiction (other than a court in the United States) and is still in effect, and there is no legal
requirement enacted or deemed applicable to the Merger (other than a legal requirement enacted in the United States) that makes completion
of the Merger illegal and is still in effect, except for any such order, decree, ruling or legal requirement that would not reasonably be
expected to give rise to the imposition of criminal sanctions or criminal liability on the officers and directors of Cavium if the Merger were
completed.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The Merger Agreement may be terminated prior to the Effective Time in accordance with its terms as follows:
 

 •  by the mutual written consent of Marvell and Cavium;
 

 

•  by either Marvell or Cavium if the Merger has not been completed on or prior to 11:59 p.m. (New York City time) on the Outside Date;
provided, however, that a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on such basis if the failure to complete the Merger by the Outside
Date was proximately caused by the action of such party or failure on the part of such party to act and such action or failure constituted a
material breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  by either Marvell or Cavium if a court of competent jurisdiction or any other governmental body in any specified jurisdiction has issued a
final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or has taken any other action, having the effect of permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting the Merger; provided, however, that a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on such basis if such order,
decree or ruling, or such action by such court, was proximately caused by the action of such party or failure on the part of such party to act
and such action or failure constituted a material breach of the Merger Agreement;

 
177



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 191/263

Table of Contents

 

•  by either Marvell or Cavium if: (a) a court of competent jurisdiction or any other governmental body in any jurisdiction other than a
specified jurisdiction has issued a final and nonappealable order, decree or ruling, or has taken any other action, having the effect of
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the Merger; and (b) the failure to comply with such order, decree or ruling, or
the effect of such other action, would reasonably be expected to give rise to the imposition of criminal sanctions or criminal liability on the
terminating party or any of the terminating party’s current or future subsidiaries or any of the terminating party’s officers or directors;
provided, however, that a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the basis described in either of clause “(a)” or “(b)” if such
order, decree or ruling, or such action by such court or other governmental body, was proximately caused by the action of such party or
failure on the part of such party to act and such action or failure constituted a material breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  by either Marvell or Cavium following a Final CFIUS Turndown (as defined below); provided, however, that a party may not terminate the

Merger Agreement on such basis if the Final CFIUS Turndown was proximately caused by the action of such party or failure on the part of
such party to act and such action or failure constituted a material breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  by either Marvell or Cavium if: (a) the Cavium special meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) has been held and
completed and Cavium’s shareholders have taken a final vote on a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement; and (b) the Merger Agreement
has not been adopted at the Cavium special meeting (and has not been adopted at any adjournment or postponement thereof) by the
Required Cavium Shareholder Vote; provided, however, that a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the basis described in
either of clause “(a)” or “(b)” if the failure to have the Merger Agreement adopted by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote was
proximately caused by the action of such party or failure on the part of such party to act and such action or failure constituted a material
breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 

•  by either Marvell or Cavium if: (a) the Marvell general meeting (including any adjournments and postponements thereof) has been held and
completed and Marvell’s shareholders have taken a final vote on a proposal to approve the Marvell Share Issuance; and (b) the Marvell
Share Issuance has not been approved at the Marvell general meeting (and has not been approved at any adjournment or postponement
thereof) by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote; provided, however, that a party may not terminate the Merger Agreement on the basis
described in either of clause “(a)” or “(b)” if the failure to have the Marvell Share Issuance approved by the Required Marvell Shareholder
Vote was proximately caused by the action of such party or failure on the part of such party to act and such action or failure constituted a
material breach of the Merger Agreement;

 

 
•  by Marvell (at any time prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote) if a Cavium Triggering

Event has occurred;
 

 
•  by Cavium (at any time prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote) if a Marvell

Triggering Event has occurred;
 

 

•  by Marvell if: (a) any of Cavium’s representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement was inaccurate as of the date of the
Merger Agreement, or became inaccurate as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement (as if made on such subsequent date),
such that the closing condition relating to the accuracy of Cavium’s representations and warranties would not be satisfied; or (b) any of
Cavium’s covenants contained in the Merger Agreement was breached such that the closing condition relating to the performance by
Cavium of its covenants would not be satisfied; provided, however, that if an inaccuracy in any of Cavium’s representations and warranties
as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement or a breach of a covenant by Cavium is curable by Cavium prior to the Outside
Date and Cavium is continuing to exercise its reasonable best efforts to cure such inaccuracy or breach, then Marvell may not terminate the
Merger Agreement on the basis described in either of clause “(a)” or “(b)” on account of such inaccuracy or breach unless such

 
178



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 192/263

Table of Contents

 
inaccuracy or breach remains uncured for a period of 30 days commencing on the date that Marvell gives Cavium written notice of such
inaccuracy or breach;

 

 

•  by Cavium if: (a) any of Marvell’s representations and warranties contained in the Merger Agreement was inaccurate as of the date of the
Merger Agreement, or became inaccurate as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement (as if made on such subsequent date),
such that the closing condition relating to the accuracy of Marvell’s representations and warranties would not be satisfied; or (b) if any of
Marvell’s covenants contained in the Merger Agreement was breached such that the closing condition relating to the performance by
Marvell of its covenants would not be satisfied; provided, however, that if an inaccuracy in any of Marvell’s representations and warranties
as of a date subsequent to the date of the Merger Agreement or a breach of a covenant by Marvell is curable by Marvell prior to the Outside
Date and Marvell is continuing to exercise its reasonable best efforts to cure such inaccuracy or breach, then Cavium may not terminate the
Merger Agreement on the basis described in either of clause “(a)” or “(b)” on account of such inaccuracy or breach unless such inaccuracy
or breach remains uncured for a period of 30 days commencing on the date that Cavium gives Marvell written notice of such inaccuracy or
breach;

 

 

•  by Cavium (at any time prior to the adoption of the Merger Agreement by the Required Cavium Shareholder Vote) in order to accept a
Cavium Superior Offer and enter into the Specified Cavium Acquisition Agreement, if: (a) the Cavium board of directors, after satisfying
certain specified requirements as set forth in the Merger Agreement and otherwise causing Cavium to comply in all material respects with
certain specified requirements as set forth in the Merger Agreement, has authorized Cavium to enter into such Specified Cavium Acquisition
Agreement; (b) Cavium has delivered to Marvell a written notice (that includes a copy of the Specified Cavium Acquisition Agreement as
an attachment) containing Cavium’s representation and warranty that the Cavium board of directors has authorized the execution and
delivery of the Specified Cavium Acquisition Agreement on behalf of Cavium and that Cavium will enter into the Specified Cavium
Acquisition Agreement concurrently with the termination of the Merger Agreement; (c) concurrently with the termination of the Merger
Agreement, Cavium enters into the Specified Cavium Acquisition Agreement with respect to such Cavium Superior Offer; and
(d) concurrently with such termination, Cavium has paid to Marvell the required termination fee; or

 

 

•  by Marvell (at any time prior to the approval of the Marvell Share Issuance by the Required Marvell Shareholder Vote) in order to accept a
Marvell Superior Offer and enter into the Specified Marvell Acquisition Agreement, if: (a) the Marvell board of directors, after satisfying
certain specified requirements as set forth in the Merger Agreement and otherwise causing Marvell to comply in all material respects with
certain specified requirements as set forth in the Merger Agreement, has authorized Marvell to enter into such Specified Marvell Acquisition
Agreement; (b) Marvell has delivered to Cavium a written notice (that includes a copy of the Specified Marvell Acquisition Agreement as
an attachment) containing Marvell’s representation and warranty that the Marvell board of directors has authorized the execution and
delivery of the Specified Marvell Acquisition Agreement on behalf of Marvell and that Marvell will enter into the Specified Marvell
Acquisition Agreement concurrently with the termination of the Merger Agreement; (c) concurrently with the termination of the Merger
Agreement, Marvell enters into the Specified Marvell Acquisition Agreement with respect to such Marvell Superior Offer; and
(d) concurrently with such termination, Marvell has paid to Cavium the required termination fee.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Final CFIUS Turndown” is deemed to have occurred if: (a) a decision to suspend or prohibit the Merger is
publicly announced by the President of the United States pursuant to Section 721 of the DPA; or (b) at any time after CFIUS notifies Marvell or Cavium
that it intends to send a report to the President of the United States recommending that the President act to suspend or prohibit the Merger following the
completion of the investigation pursuant to Section 721(b)(2)(C) of the DPA, Marvell makes a determination in good faith that CFIUS Approval is
unlikely to be obtained on terms acceptable to Marvell (as provided in the Merger Agreement) and provides Cavium with written notice of such
determination.
 

179



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 193/263

Table of Contents

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Cavium Triggering Event” is deemed to have occurred if: (a) the Cavium board of directors or any committee
thereof shall have made a Cavium Adverse Recommendation Change; (b) Cavium shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
the Cavium Board Recommendation; (c) the Cavium board of directors fails to publicly reaffirm the Cavium Board Recommendation, or fails to
publicly reaffirm its determination that the Merger is in the best interests of Cavium’s shareholders, within ten business days (or, if earlier, prior to the
date of the Cavium special meeting) after Marvell requests in writing that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed; (d) a tender or
exchange offer relating to shares of Cavium common stock shall have been commenced and Cavium shall not have sent to its shareholders, within ten
business days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer (or, if earlier, prior to the Cavium special meeting), a statement disclosing that
Cavium recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer and reaffirming its recommendation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger;
(e) Cavium shall have entered into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture
agreement or other contract relating to any Cavium Acquisition Proposal, other than a Permitted Confidentiality Agreement; or (f) Cavium or any of its
representatives shall have breached in any material respect certain of its obligations under the Merger Agreement, which results in a Cavium Acquisition
Proposal.

For purposes of the Merger Agreement, a “Marvell Triggering Event” is deemed to have occurred if: (a) the Marvell board of directors or any committee
thereof shall have made a Marvell Adverse Recommendation Change; (b) Marvell shall have failed to include in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
the Marvell Board Recommendation; (c) the Marvell board of directors fails to publicly reaffirm the Marvell Board Recommendation, or fails to
publicly reaffirm its determination that the Merger is in the best interests of Marvell’s shareholders, within ten business days (or, if earlier, prior to the
date of the Marvell general meeting) after Cavium requests in writing that such recommendation or determination be reaffirmed; (d) a tender or
exchange offer relating to Marvell common shares shall have been commenced and Marvell shall not have sent to its shareholders, within ten business
days after the commencement of such tender or exchange offer (or, if earlier, prior to the Marvell general meeting), a statement disclosing that Marvell
recommends rejection of such tender or exchange offer and reaffirming its recommendation with respect to the Marvell Share Issuance; (e) Marvell shall
have entered into any agreement in principle, letter of intent, acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement or
other contract relating to any Marvell Acquisition Proposal, other than a Permitted Confidentiality Agreement; or (f) Marvell or any of its
representatives shall have breached in any material respect certain of its obligations under the Merger Agreement, which results in a Marvell Acquisition
Proposal.

Effect of Termination

The Merger Agreement provides that, in the event the Merger Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the Merger Agreement will be of no
further force and effect except for certain specified sections of the Merger Agreement, including the provisions relating to termination fees. The Merger
Agreement further provides that such termination will not relieve any party to the Merger Agreement from any liability for fraud or any knowing and
intentional breach of the Merger Agreement.

Transaction Expenses and Termination Fees

Transaction Expenses

The Merger Agreement provides that, except with respect to termination fees, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the Merger Agreement
and the transactions contemplated thereby will be paid by the party incurring such expenses, whether or not the Merger is completed; provided,
however, that Marvell and Cavium will share equally all fees and expenses, other than attorneys’ fees, incurred in connection with (a) the filing, printing
and mailing of the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part and this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any
amendments or supplements thereto or hereto and (b) the filing by the
 

180



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 194/263

Table of Contents

parties to the Merger Agreement of the premerger notification and report forms relating to the Merger under the HSR Act and the filing of any notice or
other document under any applicable foreign antitrust or competition-related law or regulation or other legal requirement.

Termination Fees

The Merger Agreement provides that Cavium will be required to pay to Marvell a termination fee of $180 million if, among other things, the Merger
Agreement is terminated (x) by Marvell or Cavium (a) because (i) Cavium failed to obtain the necessary shareholder vote to approve the Merger or
(ii) the Merger has not been completed on or prior to the Outside Date and (b)(i) at or prior to termination, a Cavium Acquisition Proposal has been
made and (ii) within 12 months after the date of such termination, Cavium has consummated a transaction with a third party or has entered into a
definitive agreement with a third party contemplating a transaction that is subsequently consummated (regardless of whether such consummation occurs
within the 12-month period), in each case relating to an acquisition of Cavium, (y) by Marvell or Cavium (other than for inaccuracy of Marvell’s
representations and warranties or a breach of Marvell’s covenants) at any time during the period commencing on the occurrence of a Cavium Triggering
Event and ending on the tenth day after the final vote by Cavium’s shareholders on a proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement or (z) by Cavium in order
to accept a Cavium Superior Offer and enter into a definitive agreement providing for consummation of the transaction contemplated by such Cavium
Superior Offer.

The Merger Agreement provides that Marvell will be required to pay to Cavium a termination fee of $180 million if, among other things, the Merger
Agreement is terminated (x) by Marvell or Cavium (a) because (i) Marvell failed to obtain the necessary shareholder vote to approve the Marvell Share
Issuance or (ii) the Merger has not been consummated on or prior to the Outside Date and (b)(i) at or prior to termination, a Marvell Acquisition
Proposal has been made and (ii) within 12 months after the date of such termination, Marvell has consummated a transaction with a third party or has
entered into a definitive agreement with a third party contemplating a transaction that is subsequently consummated (regardless of whether such
consummation occurs within the 12-month period), in each case relating to an acquisition of Marvell, (y) by Marvell or Cavium (other than for
inaccuracy of Cavium’s representations and warranties or a breach of Cavium’s covenants) at any time during the period commencing on the occurrence
of a Marvell Triggering Event and ending on the tenth day after the final vote by Marvell’s shareholders to approve the Marvell Share Issuance or (z) by
Marvell in order to accept a Marvell Superior Offer and enter into a definitive agreement providing for consummation of the transaction contemplated
by such Marvell Superior Offer.

The Merger Agreement also provides that Marvell will be required to pay to Cavium a termination fee of $180 million if (a)(i) the Merger Agreement is
terminated due to a Final CFIUS Turndown or on account of a knowing and intentional breach by Marvell of its obligations with respect to obtaining
CFIUS Approval and (ii) all of Marvell’s closing conditions (other than closing conditions with respect to the effectiveness of the registration statement
of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus is a part, shareholder approvals, receipt of certain certifications from Cavium, the receipt of CFIUS
Approval and MOFCOM approval and the listing of Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger) have been satisfied as of the
time of termination or (b) the Merger has not been completed on or prior to the Outside Date and all of Marvell’s closing conditions (other than closing
conditions with respect to receipt of certain certifications from Cavium, the receipt of CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM approval and the listing of
Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger) have been satisfied as of the time of termination.

Additionally, the Merger Agreement provides that Marvell will be required to pay to Cavium a termination fee of $50 million if (a) the Merger
Agreement is terminated on account of a knowing and intentional breach by Marvell of its obligations with respect to obtaining MOFCOM approval and
all of Marvell’s closing conditions (other than closing conditions with respect to the effectiveness of the registration statement of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part, shareholder approvals, receipt of certain certifications from Cavium, the receipt of CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM
approval and the listing of Marvell common shares to be issued in
 

181



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 195/263

Table of Contents

connection with the Merger) have been satisfied as of the time of termination of the Merger Agreement or (b) the Merger has not been completed on or
prior to the Outside Date and all of Marvell’s closing conditions (other than closing conditions with respect to receipt of certain certifications from
Cavium, the receipt of CFIUS Approval and MOFCOM approval and the listing of Marvell common shares to be issued in connection with the Merger)
have been satisfied as of the time of termination.

The Merger Agreement provides that, under circumstances where both the MOCFOM-related termination fee of $50 million and the CFIUS-related
termination fee of $180 million would be payable, Marvell will be required to pay only the MOFCOM-related termination fee.

Enforcement; Remedies

Under the terms of, and except as otherwise provided in the Merger Agreement, any and all remedies expressly conferred upon a party to the Merger
Agreement will be deemed cumulative with and not exclusive of any other remedy so conferred, or conferred by law or equity, and the exercise by a
party to the Merger Agreement of any one remedy will not preclude the exercise of any other remedy. Further, nothing in the Merger Agreement will be
deemed a waiver by any party thereto of any right to specific performance or injunctive relief.

Under the Merger Agreement, each of Marvell and Cavium has acknowledged and agreed that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of
the provisions of the Merger Agreement is not performed by such party in accordance with its specific terms or is otherwise breached, and that monetary
damages, even if available, would not be an adequate remedy. Accordingly, the Merger Agreement provides that, in the event of any breach or
threatened breach by either Marvell or Cavium of any covenant or obligation contained in the Merger Agreement, the other party will be entitled to
obtain, without proof of actual damages and in addition to any other remedy to which such non-breaching party is entitled at law or in equity: (a) a
decree or order of specific performance to enforce the observance and performance of such covenant or obligation; and (b) an injunction restraining such
breach or threatened breach.

Amendment

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, the Merger Agreement may be amended, modified or supplemented by written
agreement signed by the parties thereto at any time; provided, however, that (a) after adoption of the Merger Agreement by Cavium’s shareholders, no
amendment which by law requires further approval of the shareholders of Cavium may be made without such further approval and (b) after approval of
the Marvell Share Issuance by Marvell’s shareholders, no amendment which by law or any NASDAQ rule requires further approval of Marvell’s
shareholders may be made without such further approval. The Merger Agreement further provides that certain sections of the Merger Agreement may
not be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified in any manner that is adverse in any material respect to any Financing Source or certain parties
related to such Financing Source (including its affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers and employees) without the prior written consent of such
Financing Source.

Waiver

The Merger Agreement provides that, subject to certain exceptions, at any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties to the Merger Agreement may:
(a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties; (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and
warranties of the other parties contained in the Merger Agreement or in any document delivered pursuant to the Merger Agreement; (c) waive
compliance with any covenants and agreements contained in the Merger Agreement; or (d) subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement and to the
extent permitted by applicable legal requirements, waive compliance with any of the agreements or covenants of the other parties or any condition that
exists in favor of the waiving party contained in the Merger Agreement. The Merger Agreement provides that certain sections of the Merger Agreement
may not be waived in any manner that is adverse in any material respect to any Financing Source or
 

182



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 196/263

Table of Contents

certain parties related to such Financing Source (including its affiliates, shareholders, directors, officers and employees) without the prior written
consent of such Financing Source. The Merger Agreement also provides that any agreement on the part of a party to any such extension or waiver will
be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.

The Merger Agreement further provides that no failure or delay on the part of any party to exercise any power, right, privilege or remedy under the
Merger Agreement will operate as a waiver of such power, right, privilege or remedy; and no single or partial exercise of any such power, right,
privilege or remedy will preclude any other or further exercise thereof or of any other power, right, privilege or remedy.

In addition, the Merger Agreement provides that no party will be deemed to have waived any claim arising out of the Merger Agreement, or any power,
right, privilege or remedy under the Merger Agreement, unless the waiver of such claim, power, right, privilege or remedy is expressly set forth in a
written instrument duly executed and delivered on behalf of such party; and any such waiver will not be applicable or have any effect except in the
specific instance in which it is given.

Third-Party Beneficiaries

The Merger Agreement provides that it is not intended, and shall not be deemed, to create any agreement of employment with any person, to confer any
rights or remedies upon any person or entity other than the parties to the Merger Agreement and their respective successors and permitted assigns or to
otherwise create any third-party beneficiary thereto, except (a) the Indemnified Persons are third-party beneficiaries of the specified section of the
Merger Agreement relating to their right to indemnification, (b) the Financing Sources are third-party beneficiaries of certain specified sections of the
Merger Agreement and (c) Cavium has the right to pursue claims for damages (including claims for damages based on loss of the economic benefit of
the Merger to Cavium’s shareholders) on behalf of its shareholders in the event either Marvell or Merger Sub commits fraud or any knowing and
intentional breach of its representations, warranties or covenants set forth in the Merger Agreement, which rights are enforceable on behalf of Cavium’s
shareholders only by Cavium, in its sole and absolute discretion, through actions approved by the Cavium board of directors.

Governing Law

The Merger Agreement provides that it is governed by, and is to be construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of Delaware, regardless of the
laws that might otherwise govern under applicable principles of conflicts of laws.
 

183



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 197/263

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT MARVELL

Marvell is a fabless semiconductor provider of application-specific semiconductor products. As a fabless semiconductor company, Marvell focuses on
the design, development, and marketing of semiconductor products and forms relationships with foundries, assembly and test facilities for the
manufacture of these products. Marvell’s semiconductors perform analog, mixed-signal, and digital signal processing, and Marvell designs both stand-
alone and embedded semiconductors. Marvell’s core strength lies in the development of complex integrated circuits that incorporate all components of
an electronic system in one chip—so-called SoC devices. Whereas electronic systems previously required multiple chips or systems to function, these
electronic systems are increasingly performed by all-in-one devices. Marvell’s all-in-one devices, including its SoCs, microcontrollers, and embedded
processors, are more efficient and cost-effective than multi-chip or multi-system products.

Marvell’s broad product portfolio includes devices for storage, networking and connectivity, as further described below, and Marvell’s market segments
include the enterprise, cloud, automotive, industrial and consumer markets.
 

 

•  Storage: Marvell develops data storage products, with applications spanning consumer, client, data center and enterprise markets. Products
include controllers for hard disk drives (“HDDs”) and solid-state drives (“SSDs”) that store and retrieve data at reduced energy consumption
and with greater speed and reliability. These products are incorporated into HDDs and SSDs for many different applications, including
desktop and laptop personal computers, servers, game consoles, and similar devices.

 

 

•  Networking: Marvell develops networking products that serve end-users in cloud, enterprise, small and medium business, and service
provider networks. Products include (i) physical layer transceivers that are used in a wide range of products, including switch systems,
printers, game consoles, automobiles and other systems that require Ethernet connectivity; (ii) Ethernet switch integrated circuits to provide
switching and packet processing; and (iii) embedded ARM-based processors.

 

 
•  Connectivity: Marvell develops wireless connectivity products that serve consumer, enterprise, desktop, service provider, and automotive

markets. Products include client and access point chips that enable wireless communication using WiFi and Bluetooth standards.

Marvell was incorporated in Bermuda in January 1995. Marvell’s registered and mailing address is Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12,
Bermuda, and its telephone number there is (441) 296-6395. The address of Marvell’s U.S. operating subsidiary is Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.,
5488 Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, and its telephone number there is (408) 222-2500. Marvell also has subsidiaries and operations in
many countries, including China, India, Israel, Japan, Singapore, South Korea, Taiwan and Vietnam. Marvell’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday nearest
January 31. As of January 22, 2018, Marvell had a total of approximately 3,770 employees, and held approximately 9,500 U.S. and foreign patents
issued and approximately 2,300 U.S. and foreign patent applications pending on various aspects of Marvell technology.

Additional information about Marvell and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.
 

184



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 198/263

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT MERGER SUB

Merger Sub, a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell, is a Delaware corporation that was formed
on November 17, 2017 for the purpose of effecting the Merger. In the Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Cavium, with Cavium surviving
as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Marvell.
 

185



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 199/263

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT CAVIUM

Cavium is a provider of highly integrated semiconductor processors that enable intelligent processing for wired and wireless infrastructure and cloud for
networking, communications, storage, and security applications. Cavium’s products consist of multi-core processors for embedded and data center
applications, network connectivity for server and switches, storage connectivity, and security processors for offload and appliance. A range of Cavium’s
products also include a rich suite of embedded security protocols that enable unified threat management, or UTM, secure connectivity, network
perimeter protection, and deep packet inspection, or DPI. Cavium sells its products to networking original equipment manufacturers, or OEM, that sell
into the enterprise, datacenter, service provider, and broadband and consumer markets. Cavium also sells its products through channels, original design
manufacturers, or ODM, as well as direct sales to mega data centers. In the enterprise market, Cavium’s products are used in routers, switches, storage
appliances, server connectivity for networking and storage, wireless local area networks, or WLAN, and UTM. In the datacenter market, Cavium’s
products are used in servers for data and storage connectivity as well as security offload and server load balancers. In the service provider market in
wired infrastructure Cavium’s products are used in edge routers, cable modem termination system head-ends, and media gateways, and in wireless
infrastructure in 3G/4G/5G base stations, radio network controllers, micro/macro cell, evolved packet core nodes, and CloudRAN. In the broadband and
consumer market Cavium’s products are used in home gateways, wireless high-definition multimedia interface, or HDMI, WLAN, small office/home
office, and UTM. Several of Cavium’s products are systems on a chip, or SoCs, which incorporate single or multiple processor cores, a highly integrated
architecture and customizable software that is based on a broad range of standard operating systems. Cavium focuses its resources on the design, sales
and marketing of its products, and outsources the manufacturing of its products. Cavium expanded its server data and storage connectivity product
portfolio in August 2016 with its acquisition of QLogic. Cavium has a broad portfolio of multi-core processors to deliver integrated and optimized
hardware and software embedded solutions to the market. Cavium’s software and service revenue is primarily from the sale of software subscriptions of
embedded Linux operating system, related development tools, application software stacks, support and professional services.

Cavium common stock is traded on NASDAQ under the symbol “CAVM.” Following the Merger, Cavium common stock will be delisted from
NASDAQ.

Cavium was incorporated under the laws of the State of California in November 2000 and reincorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware in
February 2007. The address of Cavium’s principal executive office is 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, and its telephone number is
(408) 943-7100. Additional information about Cavium and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. See “Documents Incorporated by Reference” for more information.
 

186



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 200/263

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF RIGHTS OF SHAREHOLDERS

The following is a summary of the material differences between the current rights of Marvell shareholders and Cavium shareholders. This summary is
not intended to be complete and is qualified, except where otherwise provided, by reference to the complete Memorandum of Association and Bye-laws
of Marvell as well as the laws of Bermuda and the complete Certificate of Incorporation of Cavium and Bylaws of Cavium as well as the laws of
Delaware. Copies of these governing corporate instruments are available, without charge, to any person, including to any beneficial owner to whom this
joint proxy statement/prospectus is delivered, by following the instructions listed under the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus titled “Where
You Can Find More Information.”

Share Capital of Marvell

Marvell has an authorized share capital of 1,000,000,000 shares at par value $0.002 per share. According to the Bye-laws of Marvell, the share capital is
divided into two classes of shares to be designated respectively as “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The Preferred Stock may be issued from
time to time in one or more series. No Marvell Preferred Stock is currently issued.

Share Capital of Cavium

Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation as amended authorizes the issuance of 210,000,000 shares, consisting of two classes: 200,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and 10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share. The Cavium board of directors is
authorized to fix or alter the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or imposed upon any series of preferred stock, and the number of
shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or of any of them.
 
   Marvell   Cavium
Corporate Governance

  

The organizational documents of Marvell are its
Memorandum of Association and Fourth Amended and
Restated Bye-laws adopted by the shareholders of Marvell
on November 8, 2016.   

The organizational documents of Cavium are its Certificate
of Incorporation, adopted on June 17, 2011, and its
Bylaws, adopted in May 2007.

Authorized Share Capital
  

Marvell’s authorized share capital consists of
1,000,000,000 shares, par value $0.002 per share.   

Cavium’s authorized share capital consists of 210,000,000
shares, par value $0.001 per share.

Outstanding Share
Capital   

As of January 22, 2018, Marvell had 495,785,134 shares
issued.   

As of January 22, 2018, Cavium had 69,155,794 shares
issued and outstanding.

Dividends and Other
Distributions

  

Under Bermuda law, the excess of any consideration paid
on the issue of shares over the aggregate par value of such
shares must (except in certain limited circumstances) be
credited to a share premium account. Share premium may
be distributed in certain limited circumstances, for
example, to pay up unissued shares which may be
distributed to shareholders in proportion to their holdings
as fully paid bonus shares, but is

  

Under the DGCL, the directors of every corporation,
subject to any restrictions contained in its certificate of
incorporation, may declare and pay dividends upon shares
of its capital stock:
 

(1) out of its surplus, as defined in the DGCL, or
 
(2) in case there shall be no such surplus, out of its net
profits for the fiscal year in

 
187



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 201/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

otherwise subject to limitation, and cannot be paid to
shareholders.
 
A Bermuda company may also create a contributed surplus
account and may credit to such account any cash and other
property paid or transferred to the company as sole
beneficial owner (other than in connection with the
issuance of shares, except in certain limited
circumstances). Contributed surplus includes proceeds
arising from donated shares, credits resulting from the
redemption or conversion of shares at less than the amount
set up as nominal capital and donations of cash and other
assets to the company. The amount standing to the credit of
a company’s contributed surplus account may be
distributed to shareholders, subject to the company meeting
the solvency and net asset tests set out in the Companies
Act.
 
In accordance with the Companies Act, a company may
pay dividends on its issued shares in accordance with the
company’s bye-laws and the rights attaching to the
company’s shares. Dividends may be declared by a
company’s board of directors out of any funds of the
company legally available for the payment of such
dividends, subject to any preferred dividend right of any
holders of any preferred shares from time to time.
 
Under the Companies Act, a company may not make a
dividend or distribution out of contributed surplus if there
are reasonable grounds for believing that: (i) the company
is, or would, after the payment, be unable to pay its
liabilities as they become due; or (ii) the realizable value of
the company’s assets would thereby be less than its
liabilities.
 
Subject to the Marvell Bye-laws and except insofar as the
rights attaching to, or the terms of issue of, any Marvell
share otherwise provide, the Marvell board of directors
may from time to time declare dividends or distributions
out of   

which the dividend is declared and/or the preceding fiscal
year.
 
If the capital of the corporation, computed in accordance
with the DGCL, will have been diminished by depreciation
in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, to an
amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital
represented by the issued and outstanding stock of all
classes having a preference upon the distribution of assets,
the directors of such corporation shall not declare and pay
out of such net profits any dividends upon any shares of
any classes of its capital stock until the deficiency in the
amount of capital represented by the issued and
outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon
the distribution of assets shall have been repaired.
 
Nothing in the relevant subsection of the DGCL shall
invalidate or otherwise affect a note, debenture or other
obligation of Cavium paid by it as a dividend on shares of
its stock, or any payment made thereon, if at the time such
note, debenture or obligation was delivered by Cavium,
Cavium had either surplus or net profits as provided in (1)
or (2) above from which the dividend could lawfully have
been paid.
 
Cavium’s Bylaws provide that dividends may be paid in
cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. However,
Cavium has never paid any cash dividends on its common
stock.

 
188



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 202/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

contributed surplus to be paid to the Marvell shareholders
according to their rights and interests, including such
interim dividends as appear to the Marvell board of
directors to be justified by Marvell’s financial position. The
Marvell board of directors, in its discretion, may determine
that any dividend shall be paid in cash or shall be satisfied,
subject to the Marvell Bye-laws, in paying up in full
Marvell shares in Marvell to be issued to Marvell
shareholders credited as fully paid or partly paid or partly
in any way and partly the other.
   

Convening of Special
General Meetings

  

Under Marvell’s Bye-laws, the president or the chairman or
any two directors or any director and the secretary or
Marvell’s board of directors may convene a special general
meeting whenever in their judgment such a meeting is
necessary, upon not less than five days’ notice which shall
state the date, time, place and the general nature of the
business to be considered at the meeting. A special general
meeting shall, notwithstanding that it is called on shorter
notice than that specified in the Bye-laws, be deemed to
have been properly called if it is so agreed by a majority in
number of the shareholders having the right to attend and
vote at the meeting, being a majority together holding not
less than 95% in nominal value of the shares giving a right
to attend and vote thereat.
 

  

Cavium’s Bylaws provide that special meetings of
shareholders, for any purpose or purposes, may be called
by at any time by (i) the chairperson of the Cavium board
of directors, (ii) the chief executive officer of Cavium, or
(iii) the board of directors pursuant to a resolution adopted
by a majority of the total number of authorized directors.
Only such business shall be considered at a special meeting
as shall have been stated in the notice for such meeting.
 
Cavium’s Bylaws also provide that at any time Cavium is
subject to Section 2115(b) of the CGCL, shareholders
holding 5% or more of the outstanding shares shall have
the right to call a special meeting of shareholders if, after
the filling of any vacancy, the directors then in office who
have been elected by shareholders shall constitute less than
a majority of the directors then in office.

Right to Call Special
General Meeting on
Requisition

  

The Companies Act requires a board of directors, on the
requisition of shareholders holding at the date of deposit of
the requisition shares representing 10% or more of the
aggregate voting power of a company, to forthwith proceed
to convene a special general meeting and the provisions of
the Companies Act shall apply.   

N/A

Shareholder Action by
Written Consent   

The Companies Act provides, that subject to a statutory
exception (see below),   

Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide
that no shareholder action

 
189



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 203/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

anything which may be done by resolution of the
shareholders in general meeting or by resolution of any
class of shareholders in a separate general meeting may be
done by resolution in writing. The statutory exceptions are
that a written resolution may not be used to remove an
auditor before the expiration of his term of office or
remove a director before the expiration of his term of
office.
 
A resolution in writing may be signed by or, in the case of
a shareholder that is a corporation whether or not a
company within the meaning of the Companies Act, on
behalf of, all the shareholders, or any class thereof, in as
many counterparts as may be necessary.
 
The date of the resolution is the date when the resolution is
signed, by, or in the case of a shareholder that is a
corporation whether or not a company within the meaning
of the Companies Act, on behalf of, the last shareholder to
sign and any reference in any bye-law to the date of
passing of a resolution is, in relation to a resolution made
in accordance with the Marvell Bye-laws, a reference to
such date.
 
The Marvell Bye-laws expressly specify that the above
described Bye-law on written resolution shall not apply to
a resolution passed for the purpose of removing any auditor
before the expiration of his term of office or a director
before the expiration of his term of office.   

shall be taken except at an annual or special meeting of the
shareholders called in accordance with Cavium’s Bylaws
and no action shall be taken by the shareholders by written
consent or by electronic transmission.

Notice of Shareholder
Proposals and
Nomination of Director
Candidates by
Shareholders

  

Under the Companies Act, shareholders may, at their own
expense (unless the company otherwise resolves) require a
company to: (i) give to the shareholder entitled to receive
notice of the next annual general meeting notice of any
resolution that shareholders can properly propose at that
meeting; and/or (ii) circulate to any member entitled to
notice of any general meeting a statement (of not more
than 1,000 words) in respect of any matter referred to in a
proposed resolution or any business to be conducted at that
meeting.   

Cavium’s Bylaws allow shareholders to propose business
to be brought before a shareholder meeting, including
nominations for the election of directors, subject to timely
and proper notice of such business in accordance with the
requirements set forth in Cavium’s Bylaws. To be timely,
the notice must be received by the secretary of Cavium at
Cavium’s principal executive office in writing not later
than the close of business on the 90th day, nor earlier than
the close of business on the 120th day, prior to the

 
190



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 204/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

 
The number of shareholders necessary for such a request is
either the number of shareholders representing not less
than one-twentieth of the total voting rights of all the
shareholders having at the date of the request a right to
vote at the meeting to which the request relates, or not less
than 100 shareholders.
 
Notice of any such intended resolution shall be given, and
any statement shall be circulated, to shareholders entitled
to have notice of the meeting sent to them by serving a
copy of the resolution or statement on each such
shareholder in any manner permitted for service of notice
of the meeting, and notice of any such resolution shall be
given to any other shareholder of the company by giving
notice of the general effect of the resolution in any manner
permitted for giving him/her or it notice of meetings of the
company.
 
Marvell’s Bye-laws provide that nominations of persons
for election to the Board and the proposal of business other
than nominations to be considered by the shareholders may
be made at an annual general meeting only: (i) pursuant to
Marvell’s notice of meeting; (ii) by or at the direction of
Marvell’s board of directors; (iii) by any Marvell
shareholder who is a shareholder of record at the time of
giving notice provided for in the Marvell Bye-laws who
shall be entitled to vote at the meeting and who complies
with the notice procedures set forth in the Marvell Bye-
laws; (iv) by any Eligible Member (as defined therein)
whose Member Nominee (as defined therein) is included in
Marvell’s proxy materials for the applicable annual general
meeting, or (v) in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act.
 
For nominations or other business to be properly brought
before an annual general meeting by a shareholder
pursuant to clause (iii) above, the shareholder must have
given timely notice thereof to the   

first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting;
provided, however, in the event that the date of the annual
meeting is more than 30 days prior to or more than 30 days
after the anniversary of the preceding year’s annual
meeting, notice by the shareholder must be delivered not
earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to
such annual meeting and not later than the close of
business on the later of (i) the 90th day prior to such annual
meeting or (ii) the 10th day following the day on which
public announcement of the date of such meeting is first
made by Cavium.
 
Cavium’s Bylaws also require that a shareholder’s notice
must set forth certain information, including, among other
things, information with respect to the shareholder, a brief
description of the business to be brought and certain
information about the requesting shareholder and the
beneficial owner, if any, on whose behalf the nomination or
proposal is made (and, if applicable, the shareholder’s
nominee for the Cavium board of directors).
 
Additionally, Cavium’s Bylaws permit shareholder
proposals properly brought pursuant to Rule 14a-8
promulgated under the Exchange Act included in Cavium’s
proxy statement for an annual meeting of shareholders.
 
For further information on submission of shareholder
proposals, see “Submission of Future Shareholder
Proposals.”

 
191



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 205/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

secretary and, in the case of business other than
nominations, such business must be a proper subject for
shareholder action. To be timely, a shareholder’s notice
must be delivered to the secretary at such officer’s business
address not less than 90 clear days or more than 120 clear
days prior to the anniversary of the prior year’s annual
general meeting; provided however, that in the event the
annual general meeting is more than 30 days before or after
the anniversary of the previous year’s annual general
meeting, or if no annual general meeting was held in the
preceding year, to be timely, notice by the shareholder
must be so delivered not more than 120 clear days prior to
such annual general meeting and not less than the later of
90 clear days prior to such annual general meeting or 10
clear days following the day on which public
announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by
Marvell. In no event shall an adjournment or recess of an
annual general meeting, or a postponement of an annual
general meeting for which notice of the meeting has
already been given to shareholders or a public
announcement of the meeting date has already been made,
commence a new time period or extend any time period for
the giving of a shareholder’s notice as set forth above.
   

Alternate Directors

  

Under the Companies Act, any person may be appointed an
alternate director by or in accordance with a resolution of
the shareholders or by a director in such manner as may be
provided in the Bye-laws.
 
Marvell’s Bye-laws provide for alternate directors.
Marvell’s Bye-laws provide that unless the Marvell
shareholders otherwise resolve, any director may appoint
an alternate director by written notice to the company
secretary.
   

N/A

Number of Directors

  

The Marvell board of directors shall consist of such
number (not less than two) of directors as may be
determined by a resolution of the Marvell shareholders.   

Cavium’s board of directors currently has seven members
and three classes of directors. Cavium’s Certificate of
Incorporation provides that the number of

 
192



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 206/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

    

directors shall be fixed exclusively by resolution adopted
by a majority of the authorized number of directors
constituting the Cavium board of directors.
 

Removal of Directors

  

The Marvell shareholders may, at any special general
meeting convened, remove a director with or without
Cause (as defined in the Marvell Bye-laws) provided that
the notice of any such meeting convened for the purpose of
removing a director shall contain a statement of the
intention to do so and be served on such director not less
than 14 days before the meeting and at such meeting such
director shall be entitled to be heard on the motion for such
director’s removal.

  

Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws provide
that, pursuant to Section 141(k) of the DGCL, a director
may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a
majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of
directors. Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation provides
that no reduction of the authorized number of directors
shall have the effect of removing any director before such
director’s term of office expires.
 
During such times that Cavium is subject to Section
2115(b) of the CGCL, a director may be removed without
cause by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares entitled to vote for that director,
provided, however, that unless the entire board of directors
is removed, no individual director may be removed when
the votes cast against such director’s removal, or not
consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient
to elect that director if voted cumulatively at an election
which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such
action is taken by written consent, all shares entitled to
vote were voted) and the entire number of directors
authorized at the time of such director’s most recent
election were then being elected.
 

Vacancies on the Board
of Directors

  

The office of a director shall be vacated upon the
happening of any of the following events: if the director (i)
is removed from office pursuant to the Marvell Bye-laws
or is prohibited from being a director by law; (ii) is or
becomes bankrupt or makes any arrangement or
composition with his creditors generally (iii) is or becomes
of unsound mind or dies; or (iv) resigns his or her office by
notice in writing to Marvell.
 
The Marvell board of directors shall have the power from
time to time to appoint any   

Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation and bylaws provide
that vacancies on the Cavium board of directors shall,
unless the board determines by resolution that any such
vacancies shall be filled by the shareholders, be filled only
by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in
office, even though less than a quorum, or by a sole
remaining director, and not by the shareholders.
 
At any time or times that Cavium is subject to Section
2115(b) of the CGCL, if, after the filling of any vacancy by
the

 
193



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 207/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

person as a director to fill a vacancy on the board occurring
as a result of the death, disability, disqualification or
resignation of any director and to appoint an alternate
director to any Director so appointed.

  

directors then in office who have been elected by
shareholders shall constitute less than a majority of the
directors then in office, then: (i) any holder or holders of an
aggregate of 5% or more of the total number of shares at
the time outstanding having the right to vote for those
directors may call a special meeting of shareholders; or (ii)
the Superior Court of the proper county shall, upon
application of such shareholder or shareholders, summarily
order a special meeting of shareholders, to be held to elect
the entire board, all in accordance with Section 305(c) of
the CGCL. The term of office of any director shall
terminate upon that election of a successor.
 

Duties of Directors and
Director Liability

  

The Companies Act provides that the business of a
company is to be managed and conducted by the board of
directors. There is no statutory prescription in Bermuda
setting out all of the duties of directors of Bermuda
companies. A company’s memorandum of association and
bye-laws, together with the Companies Act and relevant
case-law at common law, describe the scope of the
directors’ powers and duties.
 
At common law a director owes two types of duty to the
company under Bermuda law: a fiduciary duty and a duty
of skill and care. A director’s fiduciary duty has four main
elements: (i) a duty to act in good faith in the best interests
of the company; (ii) a duty to exercise powers for a proper
purpose; (iii) a duty to avoid a conflict of interest; and (iv)
a duty not to make a secret profit from opportunities that
arise from the office of director of the company.
 
Under the Companies Act, every director in exercising his
or her powers and discharging his duties shall: (a) act
honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests
of the company; (b) exercise the care, diligence and skill
that a reasonably prudent person would exercise in
comparable circumstances; and

  

Under Delaware law, the business and affairs of a
corporation are managed by or under the direction of its
board of directors. In exercising their powers, directors are
charged with a fiduciary duty of care to protect the
interests of the corporation and a fiduciary duty of loyalty
to act in the best interests of its shareholders. The duty of
care requires that directors act in an informed and
deliberate manner, and inform themselves, prior to making
a business decision, of all relevant material information
reasonably available to them. The duty of care also
requires that directors exercise care in overseeing and
investigating the conduct of corporate employees. The duty
of loyalty may be summarized as the duty to act in good
faith, not out of self-interest, and in a manner that the
director reasonably believes to be in the best interests of
the shareholders.
 
The DGCL permits the adoption of a provision in the
certificate of incorporation limiting or eliminating the
monetary liability of a director to a corporation or its
shareholders by reason of a director’s breach of the
fiduciary duty of care. However, the law does not permit
any limitation of liability of a director for:
 

(1) breaching the duty of loyalty to the corporation or its
shareholders;

 
194



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 208/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

(c) disclose material conflicts of interest to the board of
directors of the company at the first opportunity. In
addition, the Companies Act imposes various duties on
directors and officers of a company with respect to certain
matters of management and administration of the company.
 
The Companies Act provides that in any proceedings for
negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust
against any officer, if it appears to a court that such officer
is or may be liable in respect of the negligence, default,
breach of duty or breach of trust, but that he or she has
acted honestly and reasonably, and that, having regard to
all the circumstances of the case, including those connected
with his or her appointment, he or she ought fairly to be
excused for the negligence, default, breach of duty or
breach of trust, that court may relieve him or her, either
wholly or partly, from any liability on such terms as the
court may think fit. This provision has been interpreted to
apply only to actions brought by or on behalf of the
company against such officers.

  

 
(2) facts or omissions not in good faith or that involve
intentional misconduct or knowing violations of the law;
 
(3) any transaction from which the director derived an
improper personal benefit; or
 
(4) paying a dividend or approving a stock repurchase that
was illegal under Delaware law.
 
Under Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation, liability of
Cavium’s directors for monetary damages is eliminated to
the fullest extent permitted under the DGCL and any other
applicable law; however Cavium’s Bylaws provide that
Cavium is not required to indemnify any director or
executive officer in connection with any proceeding
initiated by such person unless (1) required by law; (2) the
proceeding was authorized by the board of directors; (3)
such indemnification is provided by the corporation in its
sole discretion pursuant to the powers vested in it under the
DGCL or any other applicable law; or (4) pursuant to an
enforcement action, as determined by a court of competent
jurisdiction.
 

Interested Directors

  

Under the Companies Act and at common law, if a director
or officer has an interest in a material contract he shall be
deemed not to be acting honestly and in good faith (one of
the codified directors’ duties under the Companies Act) if
he or she does not declare at the first opportunity the nature
of that interest either at a meeting of directors or in writing
to the board of directors.
 

Under the Marvell Bye-laws, any director, or any director’s
firm, partner or any company with whom any director is
associated, may act in a professional capacity for Marvell
and such director or such director’s firm, partner or such
company shall be entitled to remuneration for professional
services as if such director were not a director provided
that nothing   

Under Section 144 of the DGCL, no contract or transaction
between the corporation and one or more directors or
officers, or between the corporation and any other entity in
which the corporation’s directors or officers are directors
or officers or have a financial interest shall not be void or
voidable solely for that reason if (1) the material facts as to
such interested director’s relationship or interests are
disclosed or known to the board and the board in good faith
authorizes the transaction by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the disinterested directors, even though less
than a quorum, (2) such material facts are disclosed or
known to the shareholders entitled to vote on such
transaction and the transaction is specifically approved in
good faith by the shareholders, or (3) the

 
195



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 209/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

in the Bye-laws shall authorize a director or director’s firm,
partner or such company to act as auditor of Marvell.
 
A director who is directly or indirectly interested in a
contract or proposed contract or arrangement with Marvell
shall declare the nature of such interest as required by the
Companies Act.
 
Following a declaration being made pursuant to the
Marvell Bye-laws, and unless disqualified by the chairman
of the relevant board meeting, a director may vote in
respect of any contract or proposed contract or
arrangement in which such director is interested and may
be counted in the quorum at such meeting.
   

transaction is fair as to the corporation as of the time it is
authorized, approved or ratified.
 

Voting Rights, Proxies
and Quorum
Requirements

  

Every Marvell shareholder entitled to vote has the right to
do so either in person or by one or more persons authorized
by a written proxy executed and delivered in accordance
with the Marvell Bye-laws.
 
An instrument of proxy shall be in a common form in
writing, executed and delivered in accordance with
Marvell’s Bye-laws.
 
Subject to the Companies Act, the Marvell board of
directors may at its discretion waive any provisions of the
Marvell Bye-laws related to proxies or authorizations and,
in particular, may accept such verbal or other assurances as
it thinks fit as to the right of any person to attend, speak
and vote on behalf of any Marvell shareholder at general
meetings or to sign resolutions in writing.
 
Subject to the Marvell Bye-laws and rights or restrictions
attaching to each class of share, each holder of a Marvell
share present in person and every person holding a valid
proxy at a meeting shall be entitled to one vote and shall
cast such vote by raising his or her hand.
 
No shareholder shall (unless otherwise entitled under the
Companies Act) be   

Cavium’s Bylaws provide that each shareholder is entitled
to one vote for each share of common stock held by such
shareholder, but no proxy shall be voted after three (3)
years from its date of creation unless the proxy provides
for a longer period.
 
Per Cavium’s Bylaws, a quorum for the transaction of
business is established by the presence, in person, by
remote communication, if applicable, or by proxy duly
authorized, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of stock entitled to vote on the matter at hand.
 
Except as otherwise provided by statute or by applicable
stock exchange or NASDAQ rules, or by Cavium’s
Certificate of Incorporation or Bylaws, in all matters other
than the election of directors, when a quorum is present,
the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in
person, by remote communication, or represented by proxy
at the meeting and entitled to vote generally on the subject
matter shall be the act of the shareholders.
 

 
196



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 210/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

entitled to vote at any general meeting unless such
shareholder has paid all the calls on all shares held by such
shareholder.
 
At any general meeting of Marvell two persons present in
person and representing in person or by proxy in excess of
50% of the total issued voting shares in Marvell throughout
the meeting shall form a quorum for the transaction of
business. If Marvell shall only have one shareholder, one
shareholder present in person or by proxy shall form a
quorum for the transaction of business at any Marvell
general meeting.
   

Indemnification of
Officers, Directors and
Employees

  

Under Bermuda law, a company is permitted to indemnify
any officer or director, out of the funds of the company
against (i) any liability incurred by him or her in defending
any proceedings, whether civil or criminal, in which
judgment is given in his or her favor, or in which he or she
is acquitted, or in connection with any application under
relevant Bermuda legislation in which relief from liability
is granted to him or her by the court and (ii) any loss or
liability resulting from negligence, default, breach of duty
or breach of trust, save for his or her fraud and dishonesty.
A company may also purchase and maintain insurance for
the benefit of any officer of the company against any
liability incurred by him under the Companies Act in his
capacity as an officer of the company or indemnifying such
an officer in respect of any loss arising or liability
attaching to him by virtue of any rule of law in respect of
any negligence, default, breach of duty or breach of trust of
which the officer may be guilty in relation to the company.
Nothing in the Companies Act shall make such policy void
or voidable.
 
The Marvell Bye-laws provide that Marvell’s directors,
secretary and other officers and the liquidator or trustees
acting in relation to any of the affairs of Marvell and every
one of them and their   

Cavium’s Bylaws provide that Cavium shall indemnify its
directors and executive officers to the fullest extent not
prohibited by the DGCL or any other applicable law;
provided, however, that Cavium may modify the extent of
such indemnification by individual contracts with its
directors and executive officers; and, provided, further, that
Cavium shall not be required to indemnify any director or
executive officer in connection with any proceeding
initiated by such person unless (i) such indemnification is
expressly required to be made by law, (ii) the proceeding
was authorized by Cavium’s board of directors, (iii) such
indemnification is provided by Cavium, in its sole
discretion, pursuant to the powers vested in it under the
DGCL or any other applicable law or (iv) such
indemnification is required to be made as determined by a
court of competent jurisdiction in an enforcement action.
 
Cavium’s bylaws provide that Cavium has the power to
indemnify its other officers, employees and other agents as
set forth in the DGCL or any other applicable law.
Cavium’s board of directors have the power to delegate the
determination of whether indemnification shall be given to
any such person (except executive officers) to such officers
or other persons as Cavium’s board of directors may
determine.

 
197



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 211/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

heirs, executors and administrators, shall be indemnified
and secured harmless out of the assets of Marvell from and
against all actions, costs, charges, losses, damages and
expenses which they or any of them, their heirs, executors
or administrators, shall or may incur or sustain or by reason
of any act done, concurred in or omitted in or about the
execution of their duty, or supposed duty, or in their
respective offices or trusts, and none of them shall be
answerable for the acts, receipts, neglects or defaults of the
others of them or for joining in any receipts for the sake of
conformity, or for any bankers or other persons with whom
any moneys or effects belonging to Marvell shall or may
be lodged or deposited for safe custody, or for insufficiency
or deficiency of any security upon which any moneys of or
belonging to Marvell shall be placed out on or invested, or
for any other loss, misfortune or damage which may
happen in the execution of their respective offices or trusts,
or in relation thereto, provided that this indemnity shall not
extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or dishonesty
which may attach to any of said persons.
   

Amendment of
Memorandum of
Association / Certificate
of Incorporation

  

In accordance with the Companies Act, the resolution of
the Marvell shareholders at a general meeting of which due
notice has been given is required to alter the Memorandum
of Association.
 
Under the Companies Act: (i) the holders of an aggregate
of not less than 20% in par value of a company’s issued
share capital or any class thereof; or (ii) the holders of not
less than 20% of the debentures entitled to object to
amendments to the memorandum of association have the
right to apply to the court for an annulment of any
amendment to the memorandum of association adopted by
shareholders at any general meeting. This does not apply to
an amendment that alters or reduces a company’s share
capital as provided in the Companies Act. Upon such
application, the alteration will not have effect until it is   

Pursuant to Section 242 of the DGCL, Cavium’s Certificate
of Incorporation may be amended by Cavium’s board of
directors adopting a resolution setting forth the amendment
proposed, declaring its advisability, and either calling a
special meeting of the shareholders entitled to vote in
respect thereof for the consideration of such amendment or
directing that the amendment proposed be considered at the
next annual meeting of the shareholders. A vote of a
majority of the outstanding stock entitled to vote is also
required for the adoption of any amendment to Cavium’s
Certificate of Incorporation.
 
Cavium reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal
any provision contained in its Certificate of Incorporation,
in the manner prescribed by the DGCL, except

 
198



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 212/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

confirmed by the court. An application for an annulment of
an amendment to the memorandum of association must be
made within 21 days after the date on which the resolution
altering the company’s memorandum of association is
passed and may be made on behalf of persons entitled to
make the application by one or more of their number as
they may appoint in writing for the purpose. No application
may be made by shareholders voting in favor of the
amendment.
   

that notwithstanding any provision of law which might
otherwise permit a lesser vote or no vote, the affirmative
vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of the voting power
of all of the then-outstanding shares of capital stock of
Cavium entitled to vote in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class, shall be required to alter the
provisions related to the structure of the board of directors,
amending the Bylaws and the Certificate of Incorporation
and director indemnification.
 

Amendment of Bye-
laws/By-laws

  

The Marvell Bye-laws shall not be rescinded, altered or
amended and no new bye-law shall be made until the same
has been approved by a resolution of the Board and by a
resolution of the shareholders proposed for the
consideration of the shareholders at any annual or special
general meeting and approved by the affirmative votes of a
majority of the votes cast in accordance with the provisions
of the Marvell Bye-laws and in the case of an equality of
votes the resolution shall fail. Where changes to the
Marvell Bye-laws are proposed which vary the rights of a
class or classes of shareholder, their specific approval may
be required together with the potential for action to be
taken by shareholders that oppose such amendments.
   

Cavium’s Bylaws may be adopted, amended or repealed by
the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66-2/3% of
the voting power of all of the then outstanding shares of
capital stock of Cavium entitled to vote in the election of
directors, voting together as a single class. In addition, the
Cavium board of directors is authorized to adopt, amend or
repeal the Bylaws.

Business Combination

  

A Bermuda company may not enter into certain business
transactions with its significant shareholders or affiliates
without obtaining prior approval from its board of directors
and, in certain instances, its shareholders. Examples of
such business transactions include amalgamations,
mergers, asset sales and other transactions in which a
significant shareholder or affiliate receives or could receive
a financial benefit that is greater than that received or to be
received by other shareholders.

  

Cavium has not opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL.
 
Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits a Delaware corporation
from engaging in a “business combination” with an
“interested shareholder” for three years following the date
that such person becomes an interested shareholder. With
certain exceptions, an “interested shareholder” is a person
or group who or which owns 15% or more of the
corporation’s outstanding voting stock (including any
rights to acquire stock pursuant to an option, warrant,
agreement, arrangement or understanding, or upon the
exercise of conversion or exchange rights,

 
199



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 213/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

    

and stock with respect to which the person has voting
rights only), or is an affiliate or associate of the corporation
and was the owner of 15% or more of such voting stock at
any time within the previous three years.
 
For purposes of Section 203 of the DGCL, the term
“business combination” is defined broadly to include (1)
mergers with or caused by the interested shareholder; (2)
sales or other dispositions to the interested shareholder
(except proportionately with the corporation’s other
shareholders) of assets of the corporation or a subsidiary
equal to 10% or more of the aggregate market value of the
corporation’s consolidated assets or its outstanding stock;
(3) the issuance or transfer by the corporation or a
subsidiary of stock of the corporation or such subsidiary to
the interested shareholder; or (4) receipt by the interested
shareholder (except proportionately as a shareholder),
directly or indirectly, of any loans, advances, guarantees,
pledges or other financial benefits provided by or through
the corporation or a subsidiary.
 
The three-year moratorium imposed on business
combinations by Section 203 does not apply under the
following situations: (1) prior to the date on which such
shareholder becomes an interested shareholder, the board
of directors approved the business combination or the
transaction which resulted in the person becoming an
interested shareholder; (2) the interested shareholder owns
85% of the corporation’s voting stock upon consummation
of the transaction which made him or her an interested
shareholder; or (3) on or after the date such person
becomes an interested shareholder, the business
combination is approved by the board of directors and is
also approved at a shareholder meeting by 66-2/3% of the
voting stock not owned by the interested shareholder.
 
Section 203 only applies to Delaware corporations which
have a class of voting

 
200



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 214/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

    

stock that is listed on a national securities exchange or held
of record by more than 2,000 shareholders.
 

Approval of Certain
Transactions

  

The Companies Act is silent on whether a company’s
shareholders are required to approve a sale, lease or
exchange of all or substantially all of a company’s property
and assets. However, under the Companies Act, certain
forms of amalgamations, mergers and restructurings
require shareholder approval.

  

Shareholder approval of business combinations: Under
Delaware law, there is no statutory restriction on a
Delaware corporation’s ability to acquire the business of
another corporation. However, a merger or consolidation,
sale, lease, exchange or other disposition of all or
substantially all of the property of the corporation not in
the usual and regular course of the corporation’s business,
or a dissolution of the corporation, generally must be
approved by the holders of a majority of the shares entitled
to vote thereon unless the Certificate of Incorporation
provides otherwise. Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation
does not provide otherwise.
 
Absence of required vote for certain mergers: Under
Delaware law, no vote of the shareholders of a corporation
surviving a merger is required to approve a merger if: (1)
the agreement of merger does not amend the charter of the
corporation; (2) each share of stock of the corporation
outstanding immediately prior to the merger is to be an
identical outstanding or treasury share of the surviving
corporation thereafter; and (3) the number of shares of
common stock of the corporation to be issued in the
merger, if any, does not exceed 20% of the number of
shares outstanding immediately prior to the merger.
 

Inspection of Books and
Records; Shareholder
Lists

  

Under the Companies Act the shareholders have access to
the following: (i) a company’s public documents available
at the Registrar of Companies, which includes a company’s
memorandum of association and any alterations thereto,
including any increase or reduction of the company’s
authorized capital; (ii) directly from the company: (A)
copies of the memorandum of association and the bye-
laws in return for payment; (B) minutes of general
meetings without charge for not   

Under the DGCL, any shareholder may inspect Cavium’s
books and records for a proper purpose. Under Section 219
of the DGCL, the officer who has charge of the stock
ledger of a corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10
days before every meeting of shareholders, a complete list
of shareholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in
alphabetical order, and showing the address of each
shareholder and the number of registered shares in the
name of each shareholder.

 
201



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 215/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

less than two hours per day during business hours or copies
of such minutes of such meetings on payment of
reasonable charge; and (C) audited financial statements of
the company, which must be placed before the shareholders
at an annual general meeting (save where this requirement
has been waived in accordance with the provisions of the
Companies Act). The Companies Act also provides that
during business hours the register of members and the
register of directors and officers must be open to inspection
by the public at a company’s registered office for at least
two hours each day. A company is required to maintain a
share register in Bermuda but may, subject to the
provisions of the Companies Act, establish a branch
register outside Bermuda.
 
Bermuda law does not, however, provide for a general
right for shareholders to inspect or obtain copies of any
other corporate records.

  

Such list shall be open to the examination of any
shareholder for any purpose germane to the meeting for a
period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting: (1) on a
reasonably accessible network, provided that the
information required to gain access to such list is provided
with the notice of the meeting, or (2) during normal
business hours, at the principal place of business of the
corporation.
 
Cavium’s Bylaws provide that the company’s Secretary
will prepare and make, at least 10 days before every
meeting of shareholders, a complete list of the shareholders
entitled to vote at said meeting, arranged in alphabetical
order, showing the address of each shareholder and the
number of shares registered in the name of each
shareholder. Such list will be open to the examination of
any shareholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting,
(a) on a reasonably accessible electronic network, provided
that the information required to gain access to such list is
provided with the notice of the meeting, or (b) during
ordinary business hours, at Cavium’s principal place of
business.
 
The list remains open to examination to any shareholder
during the time of the meeting as provided by the DGCL.
 

Appraisal Rights /
Dissenters’ Rights

  

Under the Companies Act, a dissenting shareholder of an
amalgamating or merging company who did not vote in
favor of the amalgamation or merger and who is not
satisfied that he or she has been offered fair value for his or
her shares may within one month of the giving of the
notice sent to each shareholder calling the meeting at
which the amalgamation or merger was decided upon
apply to the Bermuda Court to appraise the fair value of his
or her shares. Within one month of the Bermuda Court
appraising the fair value of any shares where the
amalgamation or merger has not proceeded, the
amalgamating or merging companies shall be entitled to
either make   

Under the DGCL, in certain situations, appraisal rights
may be available in connection with a merger or a
consolidation. Appraisal rights are not available under the
DGCL to shareholders of the surviving corporation when a
corporation is to be the surviving corporation and no vote
of its shareholders is required to approve the merger under
Section 251(f) of the DGCL. In addition, no appraisal
rights are available under Delaware law to holders of
shares of any class of or series of stock which is either
listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by
more than 2,000 shareholders. Notwithstanding the above,
appraisal rights will be available to those

 
202



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 216/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

a determination to: (i) pay to any shareholder an amount
equal to the value of his or her shares as appraised by the
Bermuda Court; or (ii) terminate the amalgamation or
merger in accordance with the Companies Act.
 
Where the Bermuda Court has appraised the fair value of
any shares and the amalgamation or merger has proceeded
prior to the appraisal then, within one month of the
Bermuda Court appraising the value of the shares, if the
amount paid to any shareholder for his or her shares is less
than that appraised by the Bermuda Court, the
amalgamated or surviving company shall pay to such
shareholder the difference between the amount paid to him
or her and the value appraised by the Bermuda Court.
 
There shall be no right of appeal from an appraisal by the
Bermuda Court. The costs of any application to the
Bermuda Court to appraise the fair value of any shares
shall be in the discretion of the Bermuda Court.
 

  

shareholders who are required by the terms of the merger
or consolidation to accept for that stock anything other
than:
 

(i) shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting
from the merger or consolidation, or depository receipts in
respect thereof;
 
(ii) shares of stock of another corporation, or depository
receipts in respect thereof, which, as of the effective date
of the merger or consolidation, are listed on a national
securities exchange or held of record by more than 2,000
shareholders;
 
(iii) cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository
receipts in the foregoing paragraphs; or
 
(iv) any combination of the items listed above.
 
For further information on appraisal rights, see “Rights of
Appraisal for Cavium Shareholders.”
 

Shareholder’s and
Derivative Suits

  

The Bermuda courts generally follow English law
precedent, which permits a shareholder action in the name
of the company to remedy a wrong done to the company:
(i) where the act complained of is alleged to be beyond the
corporate power of the company or illegal or would result
in the violation of company’s memorandum of association
or bye-laws; (ii) where the acts are alleged to constitute a
fraud against the minority shareholders; (iii) where the act
requires approval by a greater percentage of the company’s
shareholders than actually approved it; or (iv) where a
power vested in the board of directors has been exercised
for an improper purpose.
 
When the affairs of a company are being conducted in a
manner which is oppressive or prejudicial to the interests
of some part of the shareholders, one or more shareholders
may apply to the Bermuda Court, which may make such
order as it   

The DGCL requires that the shareholder bringing a
derivative suit must have been a shareholder at the time of
the wrong complained of or that he received the stock by
operation of law from a person who was such a
shareholder. In addition, the shareholder must remain a
shareholder throughout the litigation. Furthermore, a
shareholder may not sue derivatively unless he or she first
makes a demand on the corporation that it bring suit and
such demand has been refused, unless it is shown that the
demand would have been futile.

 
203



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 217/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

sees fit, including an order regulating the conduct of the
company’s affairs in the future or ordering the purchase of
the shares of any shareholders by other shareholders or by
the company.
 
Marvell’s Bye-laws provide that each shareholder agrees to
waive any claim or right in action such shareholder might
have, whether individually or by or in the right of Marvell,
against any director or officer on account of any action
taken by such director or officer or the failure of such
director or officer to take any action in the performance of
his duties with or for Marvell, provided that such waiver
shall not extend to any matter in respect of any fraud or
dishonesty which may attach to such director or officer or
to any matter arising under the United States federal
securities laws.
   

Preemptive Rights; Stock
Designations

  

Under Bermuda law, no shareholder has a preemptive right
to subscribe for additional issues of a company’s shares
unless, and to the extent that, the right is expressly granted
to the shareholder under the bye-laws of a company or
under any contract between the shareholder and the
company.
 
Common Stock: The Marvell Bye-laws do not provide for
any pre-emption rights on a transfer or an issue of Marvell
common shares.
 
Preferred Stock: The Preferred Stock may be issued from
time to time in one or more series and the Marvell Bye-
laws permit the board to fix the number of shares of any
series of the Preferred Stock and to determine or alter the
rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any wholly unissued series of the Preferred
Stock and within the limits and restrictions stated in any
resolution of the Board originally fixing the number of
shares constituting any series of the Preferred Stock, to
increase or decrease the number of shares in any such
series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series.
   

Under the DGCL, no security holders of a corporation shall
have preemptive rights unless, and except to the extent
that, such rights are provided in the corporation’s
certificate of incorporation.
 
Common Stock: Cavium’s Certificate of Incorporation is
silent with respect to preemptive rights for holders of
Cavium common stock.
 
Preferred Stock: Cavium’s certificate of incorporation
authorizes its board of directors to fix or alter the rights,
preferences, privileges, and restrictions granted to or
imposed upon any series of preferred stock, the number of
shares constituting any such series and the designation of
any such shares or series of preferred stock.

 
204



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 218/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium
Required Purchase and
Sale of Shares

  

Under the Companies Act, a purchaser is generally able to
compulsorily acquire the shares of minority holders in the
following ways:
 

(i) by a court approved scheme of arrangement under the
Companies Act. Schemes may be transfer schemes or
cancellation schemes but, unlike a transfer scheme, a
cancellation scheme requires the company to pass a
solvency test or obtain the agreement of all its
creditors to the scheme. In either case, dissenting
shareholders do not have express statutory appraisal
rights but the Bermuda Court will only sanction a
scheme if it is fair. Voting rights attached to shares
owned by the offeror may be used to approve the
scheme but the Bermuda Court will be concerned to
see that the shareholders approving the scheme are
representative of the general body of shareholders.
Any scheme must be approved by a majority in
number representing three-fourths in value of the
shareholders present and voting either in person or by
proxy at the requisite special general meeting. If there
are dissenting shareholders who hold more than 10%
of the shares, the Bermuda Court might be persuaded
not to exercise its discretion to sanction the scheme on
the ground that the scheme constitutes a takeover
under the Companies Act and requires 90%
acceptance; or

 

(ii)  by a squeeze-out of minority shareholders in a
Bermuda company by way of a general offer followed
by a squeeze-out under the Companies Act. Broadly,
if the offer is approved by the holders of 90% in value
of the shares which are the subject of the offer, the
offeror can compulsorily acquire the shares of
dissenting shareholders. Shares owned by the offeror
or its subsidiary or their nominees at the date of the
offer do not, however, count towards the 90%   

Section 253 of the DGCL governs short form mergers.
Under Section 253 of the DGCL, if a corporation owns at
least 90% of the outstanding shares of each class of stock
of its subsidiary that are entitled to vote on a merger, the
parent’s board of directors is authorized to merge itself into
the subsidiary or to merge the subsidiary corporation into
the parent without the approval of either corporation’s
shareholders and without the approval of the subsidiary’s
board of directors; provided that one of the companies
involved in such merger is a Delaware corporation, while
the other is either a Delaware corporation or a corporation
organized in a domestic or alien jurisdiction that permits a
corporation of such jurisdiction to merge with a
corporation of another jurisdiction; provided, further, that
if the parent corporation is not the surviving corporation,
the resolution of the parent corporation’s board approving
the merger and setting forth the terms thereof shall be
approved by the shareholders of the parent corporation.
 
When completing a short form merger under Delaware law,
where all of the shares of the subsidiary corporation are not
owned by the parent corporation, a company has a
statutory duty to send the target shareholders a copy of
Section 262 of the DGCL, Delaware’s appraisal statute,
and a notice informing them about the approval of the
merger, the effective date of the merger and such
shareholders’ right to seek appraisal.

 
205



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 219/263

Table of Contents

   Marvell   Cavium

  

acceptance. If the offeror or any of its subsidiaries or any
nominee of the offeror or any of its subsidiaries together
already own more than 10% of the shares in the subject
company at the date of the offer the offeror must offer the
same terms to all holders of the same class and the holders
who accept the offer, besides holding not less than 90% in
value of the shares, must also represent not less than 75%
in number of the holders of those shares. These additional
restrictions should not apply if the offer is made by a
subsidiary of a parent (where the subsidiary does not own
more than 10% of the shares of the subject company) even
where the parent owns more than 10% of the shares of the
subject company, provided that the subsidiary and the
parent are not nominees. The 90% must be obtained within
four months after the making of the offer and, once
obtained, the compulsory acquisition may be commenced
within two months of the acquisition of 90%. Dissenting
shareholders do not have express appraisal rights but are
entitled to seek relief (within one month of the compulsory
acquisition notice) from the Bermuda Court which has
power to make such orders as it thinks fit; or
 

(iii)  by the holders of 95% or more of the shares or any
class of shares serving a notice on the remaining
shareholders or class of shareholders under the
Companies Act. Dissenting shareholders have a right
to apply to the Bermuda Court within one month of
receiving the compulsory acquisition notice to have
the value of their shares appraised by the Bermuda
Court. If one dissenting shareholder applies to the
Bermuda Court and is successful in obtaining a higher
valuation, that valuation must be paid to all minority
shareholders who were the subject of the notice.   

 
206



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 220/263

Table of Contents

POSSIBLE DOMESTICATION OR HOLDING COMPANY RESTRUCTURING OF MARVELL

Marvell is incorporated under the laws of Bermuda. In order to facilitate the satisfaction of any of the conditions to the completion of the Merger
relating to regulatory matters, Marvell may (but is not obligated to) commit to a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring.

Under the Merger Agreement, each of Marvell and Cavium has agreed to use reasonable best efforts, subject to specified limitations, to take, or cause to
be taken, all actions necessary to complete the Merger and make effective the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. Nothing in the
Merger Agreement requires Marvell to change, or commit to change, its place of domicile or organization. The Merger Agreement also provides that if
Marvell elects to change its place of domicile or organization (such as a Domestication) or to restructure the transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement (such as a Holding Company Restructuring) in response to a request from a governmental body or in order to facilitate the satisfaction of any
of the conditions to the completion of the Merger relating to regulatory matters, Cavium and its subsidiaries will consent to and cooperate in connection
with the taking of such action and take any other action in connection therewith as Marvell may reasonably request.

Marvell cannot predict whether or not it will be necessary to commit to such actions in order to satisfy any of the conditions to the completion of the
Merger relating to regulatory matters, or whether Marvell would commit to do so even if necessary to obtain regulatory approval.

If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication, Marvell would not need to obtain shareholder approval of the transaction, and Marvell shareholders
would not have statutory rights of appraisal or any other appraisal rights under either Bermuda or Delaware law. If Marvell commits to a Domestication,
Marvell currently expects that such a transaction would not be implemented until after the completion of the Merger.

If Marvell elects to implement a Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell would need to obtain shareholder approval of the transaction, and Marvell
shareholders would have statutory rights of appraisal under Bermuda law. If Marvell were to commit to a Holding Company Restructuring, it could
delay the completion of the Merger.

If Marvell elects to implement a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring, Marvell shareholders, including former Cavium shareholders who
receive Marvell common shares in the Merger, would hold shares in a Delaware corporation, and their rights would change and would be governed by
Delaware law rather than Bermuda law. Marvell currently expects that the rights of Marvell shareholders would be generally similar to the current rights
of Marvell shareholders. Significant differences exist between the corporate law of Bermuda and Delaware. For example, shareholder rights with respect
to derivative actions differ under Bermuda and Delaware law. While Bermuda law is silent as to whether a sale of substantially all of a company’s assets
requires shareholder approval, Delaware law expressly requires shareholder approval. Additionally, there would be differences between the current
organizational documents of Marvell and the Delaware organizational documents of Marvell (after a Domestication) or of Delaware HoldCo (after a
Holding Company Restructuring), including due to differences in governing law. For example, while Marvell’s current Bye-laws provide for alternate
directors, no such concept exists under Delaware law and, therefore, Delaware bylaws would contain no such provision. However, Marvell’s board of
directors has not yet determined what the rights of Marvell’s shareholders would be following a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring
should a Domestication or Holding Company Restructuring be implemented. Therefore, there can be no assurance that the current rights of Marvell
shareholders would not be substantially different should a Domestication or Holding Company Restructuring occur.

It is currently expected that Marvell’s business, as well as its board of directors, executive officers, principal business locations and fiscal year, would be
the same upon completion of a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring as they are prior to implementing such transaction.
 

207



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 221/263

Table of Contents

There may be adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to Marvell and to shareholders of Marvell, including former Cavium shareholders, if
Marvell elects to implement a Domestication or a Holding Company Restructuring. See the risk factor on potential adverse U.S. federal income tax
consequences to Marvell and to shareholders of Marvell in the section entitled “Risk Factors” for more information on these potential consequences.
 

208



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 222/263

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION

On November 19, 2017, Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium entered into the Merger Agreement. Subject to and upon the terms and the conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL at the effective time of the Merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into
Cavium, whereupon the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Cavium will continue its existence under the laws of the State of
Delaware as the Surviving Corporation and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell. Marvell
and Cavium expect to complete the Merger in the middle of calendar year 2018.

Prior to the Merger Agreement, on August 16, 2016, Cavium completed its acquisition of QLogic when Quasar Acquisition Corp. merged with and into
QLogic, with QLogic surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Cavium (the “QLogic Acquisition”). Refer to Note 2 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro
Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for more information on the QLogic Acquisition.

The following unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information included herein presents the combination of the historical consolidated
financial statements of Marvell, Cavium and QLogic adjusted to give effect to the Merger, the QLogic Acquisition and the new debt financing (the
“Financing Transactions”). Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, Marvell will acquire each outstanding share of Cavium common stock as of the
date of the Merger for the Per Share Cash Amount of $40.00, without interest and less applicable withholding taxes. Additionally, each outstanding
share of Cavium common stock will be converted into the right to receive the Exchange Ratio of 2.1757 Marvell common shares.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined balance sheet as of October 28, 2017 gives effect to the Merger and the Financing Transactions, as if they
had been completed on October 28, 2017 and combines the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet of Marvell as of October 28, 2017 with
Cavium’s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2017. The QLogic Acquisition is already reflected on Cavium’s
unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2017. Therefore, no pro forma balance sheet adjustments are necessary to show the
pro forma impact of the QLogic Acquisition.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations for the year ended January 28, 2017 and the nine months ended October 28,
2017 give effect to the Merger, the QLogic Acquisition and the Financing Transactions as if they had occurred on January 31, 2016, the beginning of the
annual period presented. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the year ended January 28, 2017 combines the
audited consolidated statement of operations of Marvell for the year ended January 28, 2017 with Cavium’s audited consolidated statement of operations
for the year ended December 31, 2016 and QLogic’s unaudited consolidated statement of operations for the period from December 28, 2015 to
August 15, 2016. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 combines the
unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations of Marvell for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 with Cavium’s unaudited condensed
consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2017. The QLogic Acquisition was completed on August 16, 2016, and
as such, it is already reflected in Cavium’s audited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016 for the period from
August 16, 2016 to December 31, 2016 and unaudited condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2017.
Therefore, the pro forma effect of the QLogic Acquisition is solely included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for
the year ended January 28, 2017 for the period from December 28, 2015 to August 15, 2016.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information should be read in conjunction with:
 

 •  The accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed combined pro forma financial information;
 

 
•  The separate audited consolidated financial statements of Marvell as of and for the year ended January 28, 2017 and the related notes,

included in Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended January 28, 2017, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus;

 
209



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 223/263

Table of Contents

 
•  The separate unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Marvell as of and for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 and

the related notes, included in Marvell’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended October 28, 2017, incorporated by reference in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

 

 
•  The separate audited consolidated financial statements of Cavium as of and for the year ended December 31, 2016 and the related notes,

included in Cavium’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus;

 

 
•  The separate unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Cavium as of and for the nine months ended September 30, 2017 and

the related notes, included in Cavium’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2017, incorporated by reference
in this joint proxy statement/ prospectus;

 

 
•  The separate audited consolidated financial statements of QLogic as of and for the year ended April 3, 2016 and the related notes, included

in Cavium’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2017, incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus; and

 

 
•  The separate unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of QLogic as of and for the three months ended July 3, 2016 and the

related notes, included in Cavium’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on December 21, 2017, incorporated by reference in this
joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presented is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the
financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the Merger, QLogic Acquisition and Financing Transactions had been
completed on the dates indicated, nor is it indicative of future operating results or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information does not reflect any cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements that the combined company may achieve as a
result of the Merger, the costs to integrate the operations of Marvell and Cavium or the costs necessary to achieve these cost savings, operating synergies
and revenue enhancements. The pro forma adjustments represent Marvell’s best estimates and are based upon current available information and certain
assumptions that Marvell believes are reasonable under the circumstances. The transaction is being accounted for as a business combination using the
acquisition method with Marvell as the accounting acquirer in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (“ASC”) Topic 805, Business
Combinations (“ASC 805”). Under this method of accounting the purchase price will be allocated to Cavium’s assets acquired and liabilities assumed
based upon their estimated fair values at the date of completion of the Merger. The process of valuing the tangible and intangible assets and liabilities of
Cavium immediately prior to the Merger, as well as evaluating accounting policies for conformity, is preliminary. The final valuation may materially
change the allocation of the merger consideration, which could materially affect the fair values assigned to the assets and liabilities and could result in a
material change to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. Refer to Note 4 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information” for more information on the basis of presentation.
 

210



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 224/263

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEET
AS OF OCTOBER 28, 2017

(In thousands)
 
  Historical   

Reclassification
Adjustments

(Note 5)  

 
Financing

Transactions
Adjustments

(Note 7)  

 

 

 

Pro Forma
Adjustments

(Note 8)  

 

 

  
October 28,

2017    
October 28,

2017   
September 30,

2017         

  Marvell   Cavium         
Pro Forma
Combined  

ASSETS          
Current assets:          

Cash and cash equivalents  $ 800,099  $ 152,654  $ —    $ 2,662,363  7(a)  $ (3,495,541)  8(a)   $ 119,575 
Short-term investments   931,976   —     —     (931,976)  7(b)   —       —   
Accounts receivable, net   366,114   186,447   —     —      —       552,561 
Inventories   173,741   94,879   —     —      171,121  8(b)    439,741 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets   49,920   23,510   —     475  7(c)   —       73,905 
Assets held for sale   36,571   —     —     —      —       36,571 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

     
 

Total current assets   2,358,421   457,490   —     1,730,862    (3,324,420)     1,222,353 
Property and equipment, net   198,173   169,747   —     —      39,253  8(c)    407,173 
Goodwill and acquired intangible assets, net   1,993,668   —     (1,993,668)   —      —       —   
Intangible assets, net   —     692,994   358   —      2,166,006  8(d)    2,859,358 
Goodwill   —     237,692   1,993,310   —      3,570,690  8(e)    5,801,692 
Other non-current assets   131,942   5,757   —     1,900  7(d)   —       139,599 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

     
 

Total assets  $ 4,682,204  $ 1,563,680  $ —    $ 1,732,762   $ 2,451,529    $10,430,175 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

     

 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY          
Current liabilities:          

Accounts payable  $ 166,096  $ 74,207  $ —    $ —     $ —      $ 240,303 
Accrued liabilities   108,007   —     50,893   —      (1,572)  8(f)    157,328 
Accrued expenses and other current liabilities   —     44,898   (44,898)   —      —       —   
Accrued employee compensation   129,035   —     21,808   —      —       150,843 
Deferred income   74,943   9,501   —     —      —       84,444 
Current portion of long-term debt   —     3,270   —     —      (3,270)  8(g)    —   
Capital lease and technology license obligations   —     27,803   (27,803)   —      —       —   
Liabilities held for sale   —     —     —     —      —       —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

     
 

Total current liabilities   478,081   159,679   —     —      (4,842)     632,918 
Long-term debt   —     593,770   —     1,732,762  7(e)   (593,770)  8(h)    1,732,762 
Capital lease and technology license obligations, net of

current portion   —     15,025   (15,025)   —      —       —   
Deferred tax liability   —     16,824   51,129   —      296,145  8(i)    364,098 
Non-current income taxes payable   56,641   —     11,728   —      —       68,369 
Other non-current liabilities   86,533   25,436   (47,832)   —      (10,609)  8(j)    53,528 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

     
 

Total liabilities   621,255   810,734   —     1,732,762    (313,076)     2,851,675 
Commitments and contingencies          
Shareholders’ equity:          

Common shares   982   69   —     —      232  8(l)8(m)    1,283 
Additional paid-in capital   2,669,775   1,157,386   —     —      2,520,744  8(l)8(m)8(n)   6,347,905 
Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income   (192)   793   —     —      (793)  8(l)    (192) 
Retained earnings   1,390,384   (405,302)   —     —      244,422  8(k)    1,229,504 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

     
 

Total shareholders’ equity   4,060,949   752,946   —     —      2,764,605     7,578,500 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
     

 

Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity  $ 4,682,204  $ 1,563,680  $ —    $ 1,732,762   $ 2,451,529    $10,430,175 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

     

 

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 

211



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 225/263

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE YEAR ENDED JANUARY 28, 2017

(In thousands, except per share amounts)
 
  

Historical
(1) (2)   Pro Forma                     

  

Year Ended
January 28,

2017   

Year Ended
December 31,

2016                 

Year Ended
January 28,

2017    

  Marvell   

Cavium
(Adjusted for

QLogic
Acquisition)

(Note 10)   

Reclassification
Adjustments

(Note 5)   

Financing
Transactions
Adjustments

(Note 7)      

Pro Forma
Adjustments

(Note 9)     
Pro Forma
Combined    

Net revenue  $ 2,317,674  $ 881,498  $ —    $ —     $ —     $ 3,199,172  
Cost of goods sold   1,029,527   427,603   —     —      234,657  9(a)   1,691,787  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Gross profit   1,288,147   453,895   —     —      (234,657)    1,507,385  
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
 

Operating expenses:          
Research and development   831,398   320,241   —     —      142,571  9(b)   1,294,210  
Selling, general and administrative   251,569   226,943   —     —      40,173  9(c)   518,685  
Restructuring and other related charges   105,186   —     —     —      —      105,186  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Total operating expenses   1,188,153   547,184   —     —      182,744    1,918,081  
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
 

Operating income (loss) from continuing operations   99,994   (93,289)   —     —      (417,401)    (410,696)  
Interest and other income (expense), net   17,022   (8,224)   —     (70,804)   7(f)   12,735  9(d)   (49,271)  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before income
taxes   117,016   (101,513)   —     (70,804)    (404,666)    (459,967)  

Provision (benefit) for income taxes   73,022   716   —     —      (58,176)  9(e)   15,562  
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations  $ 43,994  $ (102,229)  $ —    $ (70,804)   $ (346,490)   $ (475,529)  
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

    

 

 

Net income (loss) per share from continuing operations:          
Basic  $ 0.09        $ (0.72)  
Diluted  $ 0.09        $ (0.72)  

Weighted average shares:          
Basic   509,738         661,865  9(f)
Diluted   517,513         661,865  9(f)

 
(1) In May 2017, Marvell discontinued operations of its LTE thin-modem business and sold the assets of the business. The transaction closed on May 18, 2017. Based on the terms of the

agreement, Marvell received sale consideration of $52.9 million. The operations of the LTE business were reflected as discontinued operations during the nine-months ended October 28,
2017 and October 29, 2016 as reported in the Form 10-Q for the period ended October 28, 2017 as filed with the SEC. The operations of the LTE business have not been retrospectively
reflected as discontinued operations for the year ended January 28, 2017 as management concluded that the impact was not material. Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of
tax, includes a loss related to the LTE business of $30.8 million.

(2) Beginning with the first quarter of fiscal 2018, Marvell’s financial results for prior periods were conformed to current period presentation. Marvell has combined its selling and
marketing expenses, general and administrative expenses, and our amortization of intangible assets to one combined line item on the consolidated statements of operations, presented
together as selling, general and administrative. In addition, Marvell changed its presentation to include gross profit on the consolidated statements of operations. These presentation
changes had no impact on consolidated operating income, net income or cash flows. Marvell’s financial results for prior periods presented herein are consistently presented with the
current fiscal year’s financial statement presentation.

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 

212



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 226/263

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
FOR THE NINE MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 28, 2017

(In thousands, except per share amounts)
 
  Historical   

Reclassification
Adjustments

(Note 5)  

 

Financing
Transactions
Adjustments

(Note 7)  

 

  

 

Pro Forma
Adjustments

(Note 9)  

 

 

 

Nine Months
Ended October 28,

2017  

 

    

Nine
Months
Ended

October 28,
2017   

Nine Months
Ended

September 30,
2017         

  Marvell   Cavium        
Pro Forma
Combined     

Net revenue  $ 1,793,761  $ 723,657  $ —    $ —     $ —     $ 2,517,418  
Cost of goods sold   705,303   364,513   —     —      140,458  9(a)   1,210,274  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Gross profit   1,088,458   359,144   —     —      (140,458)    1,307,144  
Operating expenses:          

Research and development   534,444   279,331   —     —      51,800  9(b)   865,575  
Selling, general and administrative   169,875   124,372   —     —      20,347  9(c)   314,594  
Restructuring and other related charges   8,455   —     —     —      —      8,455  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Total operating expenses   712,774   403,703   —     —      72,147    1,188,624  
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
 

Operating income (loss) from continuing operations   375,684   (44,559)   —     —      (212,605)    118,520  
Interest and other income (expense), net   16,721   (22,534)   —     (53,224)   7(f)   22,679  9(d)   (36,358)  

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

    
 

 

Income (loss) from continuing operations before
income taxes   392,405   (67,093)   —     (53,224)    (189,926)    82,162  

Provision (benefit) for income taxes   8,026   716   —     —      (17,736)  9(e)   (8,994)  
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
    

 
    

 
 

Net income (loss) from continuing operations  $ 384,379  $ (67,809)  $ —    $ (53,224)   $ (172,190)   $ 91,156  
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

    

 

 

Net income per share from continuing operations:          
Basic  $ 0.77        $ 0.14  
Diluted  $ 0.75        $ 0.14  

Weighted average shares:          
Basic   499,568         651,695   9(f) 
Diluted   510,935         669,876   9(f) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.
 

213



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 227/263

Table of Contents

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL INFORMATION
 
1. Description of the Merger

On November 19, 2017, Marvell, Merger Sub and Cavium entered into the Merger Agreement. Subject to and upon the terms and the conditions set
forth in the Merger Agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL, Merger Sub will be merged with and into Cavium, whereupon the separate
corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and Cavium will continue its existence under the laws of the State of Delaware as the Surviving
Corporation and as a direct wholly owned subsidiary of MTI, which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Marvell. The merger consideration is
estimated to be $6.4 billion and will be funded with a combination of cash on balance sheet, and cash provided from the Financing Transactions and
issuance of Marvell common shares in connection with the Merger. Refer to Note 6 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined
Financial Information” for additional information on the estimated merger consideration.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, each share of Cavium common stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than
shares held by Marvell, Cavium, or any of their respective subsidiaries and shares as to which appraisal rights have been properly exercised pursuant to
Delaware law) will be converted into the right to receive (a) 2.1757 Marvell common shares and (b) $40.00 in cash, without interest.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each outstanding and unexercised Cavium Option, whether or not vested, will be
assumed by Marvell and converted into an option to purchase, on the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Cavium Option, that
number of Marvell common shares (rounded down to the nearest whole share) equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Cavium common stock
subject to such Cavium Option, multiplied by (ii) the Conversion Ratio, at an exercise price per Marvell common share (rounded up to the nearest whole
cent) equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (A) the per share exercise price for the Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium Option, by (B)
the Conversion Ratio.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each Director Option that is outstanding and vested immediately prior to the Effective
Time, will be canceled, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive (subject to any applicable withholding or other taxes, or other amounts required
by applicable legal requirements to be withheld) an amount in cash equal to the product of (i) the positive difference (if any) between (A) the Equity
Award Cash Consideration, minus (B) the exercise price applicable to such Director Stock Option, multiplied by (ii) the number of shares of Cavium
common stock subject to such Director Option.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each Cavium RSU that is outstanding and unvested, other than any Cavium RSU held
by a non-employee member of the Cavium board of directors, will be converted into the number of Marvell restricted stock units (rounded down to the
nearest whole share) equal to the product of (a) the number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium RSU, multiplied by (b) the
Conversion Ratio.

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each Cavium RSU (a) that is outstanding and vested (and with respect to which shares
of Cavium common stock have not yet been issued) immediately prior to the Effective Time (including any Cavium RSU that becomes vested by its
terms immediately prior to or as of the Effective Time) or (b) that is outstanding and held by a non-employee member of the Cavium board of directors
immediately prior to the Effective Time, whether vested or unvested (which awards will vest in full as of immediately prior to the Effective Time), in the
case of each of clauses “(a)” or “(b),” will be canceled and extinguished, and the holder thereof will be entitled to receive (subject to applicable
withholding or other taxes, which withholding will first be applied against the cash portion of the consideration paid in respect of such restricted stock
units): (i) an amount in cash equal to the product of (A) the Per Share Cash Amount, multiplied by (B) the total number of shares of Cavium common
stock subject to such Cavium RSU; and (ii) a number of Marvell common shares equal to the product of (A) the Exchange Ratio, multiplied by (B) the
total number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium RSU.
 

214



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 228/263

Table of Contents

Under the terms of the Merger Agreement, at the Effective Time, each Cavium PRSU that is outstanding and unvested immediately prior to the Effective
Time will be assumed and converted into that number of Marvell restricted stock units, rounded down to the nearest whole share, equal to the product of
(a) the target number of shares of Cavium common stock subject to such Cavium PRSU, multiplied by (b) the Conversion Ratio. Such Marvell restricted
stock units: (i) will vest based on the vesting date set forth in the award agreement applicable to such performance-based restricted stock unit prior to the
Effective Time, subject only to the continued service of the grantee with the surviving corporation in the Merger, Marvell or any of their affiliates
through the applicable vesting date; (ii) will not be subject to any performance-based vesting terms following the Effective Time; and (iii) will otherwise
be subject to the same terms and conditions as were applicable under such Cavium PRSUs prior to the Effective Time.

 
2. Description of the QLogic Acquisition

On August 16, 2016, Cavium completed its acquisition of QLogic, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated June 15, 2016 (the
“QLogic Merger Agreement”), by and among Cavium, Quasar Acquisition Corp. (a wholly owned subsidiary Cavium) and QLogic.

Pursuant to the QLogic Merger Agreement, Quasar Acquisition Corp. merged with and into QLogic, with QLogic surviving as a wholly owned
subsidiary of Cavium. The aggregate consideration for the QLogic Acquisition was approximately $1,379.5 million consisting of $938.9 million in cash
and $440.6 million in equity. Cavium funded the QLogic Acquisition with a combination of cash and proceeds from debt financing.

 
3. Description of the Financing Transactions

In connection with the Merger, Marvell has entered into a Debt Commitment Letter with the Initial Lenders to provide commitments for (a) the Term
Loan Facility, a $900.0 million three-year term loan facility, and (b) the Bridge Facility, an $850.0 million 364-day bridge facility.

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Debt Commitment Letter, the Initial Lenders have committed to provide the full amount of the Term Loan
Facility and the full amount of the Bridge Facility. The proceeds of the Term Loan Facility and the Bridge Facility (or permanent debt financing incurred
in lieu of the Bridge Facility) will be used, together with cash on hand of Marvell and Cavium and/or other available financing resources, (a) to finance
the cash portion of the Merger Consideration payable pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement, (b) to refinance certain existing indebtedness of
Cavium (the “Cavium Term Facility”) and (c) to pay related transaction costs.

The Initial Lenders’ commitments under the Debt Commitment Letter include conditions typical for facilities of this kind, including a condition as to the
execution and delivery of the definitive financing documentation for the Term Loan Facility and the Bridge Facility by Marvell and certain of its
subsidiaries. As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, neither Marvell nor any of its subsidiaries has entered into definitive agreements for
any of the debt financing.

In lieu of borrowing, in whole or in part, under the Bridge Facility, Marvell may incur permanent debt financing. In addition, in connection with the
Merger, Marvell may obtain a revolving credit facility, borrowings under which will be used for general corporate purposes of Marvell and its
subsidiaries. There can be no assurance, however, that Marvell will be able to obtain any such permanent debt financing or revolving credit facility.

Given the above, the unaudited condensed combined pro forma financial information assumes the Merger will be financed with the Term Loan Facility
in an amount of $900.0 million and permanent debt financing of $850.0 million in the form of two $425.0 million senior unsecured debt financings
(collectively, the “Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing”) in lieu of the Bridge Facility. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the Other Senior
Unsecured Debt Financing is not obtained or the aggregate amount thereof is less than
 

215



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 229/263

Table of Contents

$850.0 million, Marvell expects to obtain loans under the Bridge Facility in an amount of $850.0 million less the amount of the Other Senior Unsecured
Debt Financing. In addition, in connection with the Merger, Marvell may obtain a revolving credit facility (the “Revolving Credit Facility”), borrowings
under which will be used for general corporate purposes of Marvell and its subsidiaries.

Term Loan Facility

The unaudited condensed combined pro forma financial information assumes that interest on the Term Loan Facility will be payable quarterly at a rate
equal to LIBOR + 1.813% per annum. The Term Loan Facility will mature on the date that is three years after the date of funding under the Term Loan
Facility. The Term Loan Facility does not require any scheduled amortization prior to the final maturity thereof. The Term Loan Facility will not be
subject to any mandatory prepayments.

Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing

The Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing is expected to be comprised of: (a) $425.0 million in permanent debt financing with interest payable every
180 days at a rate equal to the Treasury rate + 1.20% per year with the outstanding principal balance due upon the maturity date that will be five years
after the closing date of the debt financing (the “Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—5 yr”); and (b) $425.0 million in permanent debt financing
with interest payable every 180 days at a rate equal to the Treasury rate + 1.60% per year with the outstanding principal balance due upon the maturity
date that will be ten years after the closing date of the debt financing (the “Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—10 yr”).

Revolving Credit Facility

The Revolving Credit Facility is not expected to be drawn upon the closing date of the debt financing. The total capacity of the Revolving Credit
Facility will be $500.0 million and will be available for draw until the date that is five years after the closing date of the Revolving Credit Facility. The
unaudited condensed combined pro forma financial information assumes any drawn amounts will incur interest at a rate equal to LIBOR + 1.875% per
annum, with amounts payable quarterly. A commitment fee payable to the lenders under the Revolving Credit Facility will be calculated at a rate of
0.238% multiplied by the undrawn balance of the Revolving Credit Facility.

Bridge Facility

In the event that the Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing is not obtained or the amount thereof is less than $850.0 million, Marvell expects to enter
into the Bridge Facility in an amount of $850.0 million (less the amount of the Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing). The unaudited combined pro
forma financial information assumes the Bridge Facility will incur interest at a rate equal to LIBOR + 1.875% per annum, with amounts payable
quarterly. The Bridge Facility will mature on the date that is 364 days after the date of funding under the Bridge Facility. The Bridge Facility does not
require any scheduled amortization prior to the final maturity thereof. Subject to certain exceptions and thresholds, the Bridge Facility will be required
to be prepaid with proceeds relating to (a) non-ordinary course asset sales or other dispositions and (b) the issuance of certain equity securities or the
incurrence of certain indebtedness.

 
4. Basis of Presentation

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information was prepared in accordance with Article 11 of Regulation S-X and gives effect to
events that are (1) directly attributable to the Merger, the QLogic Acquisition and the Financing Transactions, (2) factually supportable and (3) with
respect to the condensed combined statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined company’s results. The unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information and related notes have been prepared utilizing period ends that differ by fewer than 93 days, as
permitted by Regulation S-X.
 

216



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 230/263

Table of Contents

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information was prepared using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC
805, with Marvell as the accounting acquirer, using the fair value concepts defined in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurement, and based on the
historical consolidated financial statements of Marvell, Cavium and QLogic. Under ASC 805, all assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business
combination are recognized and measured at their assumed acquisition date fair value, while transaction costs and restructuring costs associated with the
business combination are expensed as incurred. The excess of merger consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, if any,
is allocated to goodwill. Acquired in-process research and development (“IPR&D”) is recorded at fair value as an indefinite-lived intangible asset at the
assumed merger date until completion or abandonment of the associated research and development efforts. Upon completion of development, acquired
IPR&D assets are considered amortizable, finite-lived assets.

The allocation of the purchase consideration for the Merger depends upon certain estimates and assumptions, all of which are preliminary. The
allocation of the purchase consideration has been made for the purpose of developing the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial
information. A final determination of fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed relating to the acquisition could differ materially from the
preliminary allocation of purchase consideration. This final valuation will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets of Cavium existing at
the acquisition date. The final valuation may materially change the allocation of purchase consideration, which could materially affect the fair values
assigned to the assets and liabilities and could result in a material change to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

The pro forma adjustments represent Marvell management’s best estimates and are based upon currently available information and certain assumptions
that Marvell believes are reasonable under the circumstances. Marvell is not aware of any material transactions between Marvell and Cavium (prior to
the announcement of the Merger) during the periods presented, hence adjustments to eliminate transactions between Marvell and Cavium have not been
reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information.

Upon completion of the Merger, Marvell will perform a comprehensive review of Cavium’s accounting policies. As a result of the review, Marvell may
identify additional differences between the accounting policies of the two companies, which when conformed, could have a material impact on the
unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. Based on a preliminary analysis, Marvell did not identify any differences that would
have a material impact on the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information. As a result, the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information assumes there are no differences in accounting policies.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information presented is for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of the
financial position or results of operations that would have been realized if the Merger and Financing Transactions had been completed on the dates
indicated, nor is it indicative of future operating results or financial position. The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information does
not reflect any cost savings, operating synergies or revenue enhancements that the combined company may achieve as a result of the Merger, the costs to
integrate the operations of Marvell and Cavium or the costs necessary to achieve these cost savings, operating synergies and revenue enhancements.

 
5. Reclassification Adjustments

The accounting policies used in the preparation of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information are those set out in Marvell’s
financial statements as of and for the year ended January 28, 2017. With the information currently available, Marvell has determined that no significant
adjustments are necessary to conform Cavium’s financial statements to the accounting policies used by Marvell in the preparation of the unaudited pro
forma condensed combined financial information, except for a reclass to present the individually significant balances of goodwill and intangibles
separately.
 

217



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 231/263

Table of Contents

Certain reclassification adjustments have been made to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information to conform Cavium’s
historical condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2017 to Marvell’s financial statement presentation.

The unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information may not reflect all reclassifications necessary to conform Cavium’s financial
statement presentation to that of Marvell due to limitations on the availability of information as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
Additional reclassification adjustments may be identified as more information becomes available.

 
6. Calculation of Estimated Merger Consideration and Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation

Estimated Merger Consideration

The estimated merger consideration for the purpose of this unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information is $6.4 billion. Estimated
merger consideration was determined by reference to the fair value on January 19, 2018. The calculation of estimated merger consideration is as
follows:
 
          Shares                Per Share               Total       
   (In thousands, except share and per share amounts)  
Estimated cash paid for outstanding Cavium common (1)       $ 2,766,232 
Estimated Marvell common shares issued to Cavium shareholders (2)    150,462,261   $ 23.68    3,562,946 
Estimated cash paid for Cavium’s equity awards (3)        5,780 
Estimated replacement equity awards for Cavium’s equity

awards (4)        67,059 
        

 

Preliminary estimated merger consideration       $ 6,402,017 
        

 

 
(1) The cash component of the estimated merger consideration is computed based on 100% of the outstanding shares of Cavium common stock being

exchanged for the Per Share Cash Amount of $40.00.
 

   Shares    Per Share    Total  
   (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
Cavium common stock outstanding as of January 19, 2018    69,156   $ 40.00   $ 2,766,232 

 
(2) The stock consideration component of the estimated merger consideration is computed based on 100% of the outstanding shares of Cavium

common stock being exchanged for the Exchange Ratio of 2.1757 Marvell common shares.
 

   Shares    Exchange Ratio   Total  
   (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
Cavium common stock outstanding as of January 19, 2018    69,156    2.1757    150,462 
Marvell common share price as of January 19, 2018        23.68 

        
 

      $3,562,946 
        

 

 

(3) Estimated cash consideration for the settlement of the outstanding vested Director Options and Cavium RSUs held by non-employee directors of
Cavium’s board of directors which will be canceled and paid out at the time of the close of the Merger.

 

(4) Estimated consideration for replacement of Cavium’s outstanding equity awards. As discussed in Note 1 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information,” Cavium’s outstanding equity awards will be replaced by Marvell’s equity awards with similar
terms. A portion of the fair value of Marvell’s equity awards issued represents consideration transferred, while a portion represents compensation
expense based on the vesting terms of the equity awards.

 
218



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 232/263

Table of Contents

The final estimated merger consideration could significantly differ from the amounts presented in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
financial information due to movements in the Marvell common share price up to the Closing Date of the Merger. A sensitivity analysis related to the
fluctuation in the Marvell common share price was performed to assess the impact a hypothetical change of 10% on the closing price of Marvell
common shares on January 19, 2018 would have on the estimated merger consideration and goodwill as of the Closing Date.

The following table shows the change in share price, estimated merger consideration and goodwill:
 

   Share price   

Estimated
Merger

Consideration   Goodwill  
   (In thousands, except per share amounts)  
Increase of 10%   $ 26.05   $ 6,758,312   $4,164,677 
Decrease of 10%   $ 21.31   $ 6,045,723   $3,452,088 

Preliminary Purchase Price Allocation

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed of Cavium are recognized and measured as of the
acquisition date at fair value and added to those of Marvell. The determination of fair value used in the pro forma adjustments presented herein are
preliminary and based on management estimates of the fair value and useful lives of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed and have been prepared
to illustrate the estimated effect of the Merger. The final determination of the purchase price allocation, upon the completion of the Merger, will be based
on Cavium’s net assets acquired as of that date and will depend on a number of factors that cannot be predicted with certainty at this time. Therefore, the
actual allocations will differ from the pro forma adjustments presented. The allocation is dependent upon certain valuation and other studies that have
not yet been completed. Accordingly, the pro forma purchase price allocation is subject to further adjustment as additional information becomes
available and as additional analyses and final valuations are completed. There can be no assurances that these additional analyses and final valuations
will not result in significant changes to the estimates of fair value set forth below.
 

219



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 233/263

Table of Contents

The following table sets forth a preliminary allocation of the estimated merger consideration to the identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired
and liabilities assumed of Cavium based on Cavium’s unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2017, with the excess
recorded to goodwill:
 

   (In thousands) 
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 152,654 
Accounts receivable    186,447 
Inventories    266,000 
Prepaid expenses and other current assets    23,510 
Property and equipment    209,000 
Goodwill (1)    3,808,382 
Intangible assets    2,859,000 
Other non-current assets    5,757 

    
 

  $ 7,510,750 
Accounts payable    (74,207) 
Accrued liabilities    (49,677) 
Accrued employee compensation    (21,808) 
Deferred income    (9,501) 
Current portion of long-term debt    (6,129) 
Long-term debt    (604,590) 
Deferred tax liability    (312,969) 
Non-current income taxes payable    (11,728) 
Other non-current liabilities    (18,124) 

    
 

  $ (1,108,733) 
    

 

Estimated merger consideration   $ 6,402,017 
    

 

 
(1) Goodwill represents excess of merger consideration over the fair value of the underlying net assets acquired. In accordance with ASC Topic 350,

Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, goodwill is not amortized, but instead is reviewed for impairment at least annually, absent any indicators of
impairment. Goodwill is attributable to planned growth in new markets and synergies expected to be achieved from the combined operations of
Marvell and Cavium. Goodwill recorded in the Merger is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes.

Intangible Assets

Preliminary identifiable intangible assets in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information consists of the following:
 

   
Preliminary
Fair Value    

Estimated
Useful Life  

   (In thousands)  
Developed technology   $ 1,990,000    6 to 8 Years 
In-process research and development    400,000    n/a 
Customer contracts and related relationships    440,000    8 Years 
Trade names / trademarks / domain names    29,000    3 to 5 Years 

    
 

  

  $ 2,859,000   
    

 

  

The identifiable intangible assets and related amortization are preliminary and are based on management’s estimates after consideration of similar
transactions. As discussed above, the amount that will ultimately be allocated to identifiable intangible assets and liabilities, and the related amount of
amortization, may differ
 

220



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 234/263

Table of Contents

materially from this preliminary allocation. In addition, the periods the amortization impacts will ultimately be based upon the periods in which the
associated economic benefits or detriments are expected to be derived, or where appropriate, based on the use of a straight-line method. Therefore, the
amount of amortization following the Merger may differ significantly between periods based upon the final value assigned and amortization
methodology used for each identifiable intangible asset and liability.

Property and Equipment

The property and equipment valued in the preliminary purchase price allocation discussed above primarily consists of personal property.

Pro forma depreciation expense related to property and equipment is calculated on a straight-line basis based on the estimated useful lives of the assets.

 
7. Financing Transactions Adjustments
 

 
(a) Reflects the Financing Transactions to fund a portion of the merger consideration as described in Note 3 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro

Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information,” the payment of debt financing fees and proceeds from the liquidation of Marvell’s
short-term investments.

 
   (In thousands) 
Cash proceeds from the Financing Transactions   $ 1,750,000 
Debt financing fees paid    (19,613) 
Proceeds from liquidation of short-term investments    931,976 

    
 

Net adjustment to cash and cash equivalents   $ 2,662,363 
    

 

 

 (b) Reflects the liquidation of Marvell’s short-term investments.
 

 

(c) Reflects the current portion of unamortized debt financing fees on the Revolving Credit Facility. Unamortized debt financing fees on the
Revolving Credit Facility of $2.4 million in total have been recognized. In this adjustment, $0.5 million have been recorded to prepaid
expenses and other current assets and $1.9 million have been recorded to other non-current assets as described in Note 7(d) of the “Notes to
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” below.

 

 

(d) Reflects the non-current portion of unamortized debt financing fees on the Revolving Credit Facility. Unamortized debt financing fees on
the Revolving Credit Facility of $2.4 million in total have been recognized. In this adjustment, $1.9 million have been recorded to other non-
current assets and $0.5 million have been recorded to prepaid expenses and other current assets as described in Note 7(c) of the “Notes to
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” above.

 

 
(e) Reflects the new debt financing from the Financing Transactions, net of unamortized debt financing fees, to fund a portion of the Merger.

The following table summarizes the borrowings under the Financing Transactions, exclusive of the undrawn Revolving Credit Facility:
 

  
Principal

Outstanding   

Blended
Interest

Rate   

Unamortized Debt
Financing Fees /

Original Issuance
Discounts   

Net
Proceeds   Term   

Long-Term
Debt  

  (In thousands, except interest rates and terms)  
Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—10yr  $ 425,000   4.15%  $ (2,763)  $ 422,237   10 Years  $ 422,237 
Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—5yr   425,000   3.55%   (2,550)   422,450   5 Years   422,450 
Term Loan Facility   900,000   3.54%   (11,925)   888,075   3 Years   888,075 

   
 

    
 

   
 

    
 

 $1,750,000   $ (17,238)(1)  $1,732,762   $1,732,762 
   

 

    

 

   

 

    

 

 
221



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 235/263

Table of Contents

 

(1) Excludes $6.7 million of debt financing fees related to the Bridge Facility and $2.4 million of debt financing fees related to the
Revolving Credit Facility. Debt financing fees related to the Bridge Facility will be expensed upon completion of the Merger should
no amounts be drawn on the Bridge Facility. Debt financing fees related to the undrawn Revolving Credit Facility are capitalized as
assets as described in Notes 7(c) and 7(d) of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information”
above.

 

 
(f) Reflects the estimated incremental interest expense and amortization of debt financing fees and original issuance discounts. Debt financing

fees related to the Bridge Facility have been excluded from the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations as it has
been determined not to have a continuing impact.

 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months

Ended
October 28,

2017   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months

Ended
January 28,

2017  
   (In thousands)  
Interest expense on anticipated borrowings   $ (49,359)  $ (65,811) 
Amortization of debt financing fees and original issue discounts    (3,865)   (4,993) 

    
 

   
 

Net adjustment to interest expense   $ (53,224)  $ (70,804) 
    

 

   

 

A sensitivity analysis on interest expense for the nine months ended October 28, 2017 and the year ended January 28, 2017 has been
performed to assess the effect of a change of 12.5 basis points of the hypothetical interest would have on the new debt. Stated interest rates
related to the Financing Transactions are as follows:

 
   Interest Rate 
Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—10 yr    T + 1.600% 
Other Senior Unsecured Debt Financing—5 yr    T + 1.200% 
Revolving Credit Facility    L + 1.875% 
Term Loan    L + 1.813% 

The following table shows the change in interest expense for the Financing Transactions:
 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months Ended

October 28, 2017   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months Ended

January 28, 2017  
   (In thousands)  
Interest expense assuming:    
Increase of 0.125%   $ 1,641  $ 2,188 
Decrease of 0.125%   $ (1,641)  $ (2,188) 

 
8. Pro Forma Adjustments for Condensed Combined Balance Sheet
 

 (a) Reflects the payment of estimated merger consideration, the Cavium Term Facility and transaction costs.
 

   (In thousands) 
Cash consideration paid (1)   $ (2,772,011) 
Cash paid to extinguish the Cavium Term Facility (inclusive of accrued interest)    (611,075) 
Cash paid to settle unvested equity and incentive awards (2)    (761) 
Transaction costs paid (exclusive of debt financing fees paid)    (111,694) 

    
 

Net adjustment to cash and cash equivalents   $ (3,495,541) 
    

 

 

 
(1) Cash consideration paid of $2,772.0 million reflects $2,766.2 million paid to Cavium’s shareholders and $5.8 million paid to cash

settle Cavium’s equity awards.
 

222



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 236/263

Table of Contents

 
(2) Cash paid to Cavium’s directors of $0.8 million to settle and cancel unvested non-employee director’s RSUs as a result of the

Merger.
 

 (b) Reflects the purchase accounting adjustment for inventories based on the acquisition method of accounting.
 

   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s inventories—carrying value   $ (94,879) 
Inventories—fair value (1)    266,000 

    
 

Net adjustment to inventories   $ 171,121 
    

 

 

 

(1) Represents the adjustment necessary to state inventories acquired as of the pro forma Merger date to their preliminary estimated fair
value. The valuation approaches used in the preliminary assessment of the fair value of inventories were the replacement cost
approach and the comparative sales method approach. After the Cavium Acquisition, the step up in inventories fair value will
increase cost of goods sold as the inventory is sold over approximately two months. This increase is not reflected in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined statements of operations as it was determined to not have a continuing impact.

 

 
(c) Reflects the purchase accounting adjustment for property and equipment based on the acquisition method of accounting. Refer to Note 6 of

the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the property and equipment
expected to be recognized.

 
   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s property and equipment—carrying value   $ (169,747) 
Property and equipment—fair value    209,000 

    
 

Net adjustment to property and equipment   $ 39,253 
    

 

 

 
(d) Reflects the preliminary purchase accounting adjustment for estimated intangibles based on the acquisition method of accounting. Refer to

Note 6 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the acquired
intangible assets expected to be recognized.

 
   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s intangibles—carrying value   $ (692,994) 
Intangibles—fair value    2,859,000 

    
 

Net adjustment to intangible assets, net   $ 2,166,006 
    

 

 

 
(e) Reflects the elimination of Cavium’s goodwill and the capitalization of the preliminary goodwill for the estimated merger consideration in

excess of the fair value of the net assets acquired in connection with the Merger. Refer to Note 6 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma
Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the goodwill expected to be recognized.

 
   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s goodwill   $ (237,692) 
Capitalization of preliminary goodwill in connection with the Cavium Acquisition    3,808,382 

    
 

Net adjustment to goodwill   $ 3,570,690 
    

 

 
223



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 237/263

Table of Contents

 (f) Reflects the elimination of the current portion of Cavium’s deferred rent and payment of Cavium’s accrued interest.
 

   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s deferred rent (1)   $ (1,216) 
Payment of accrued interest expense in conjunction with the payment of the Cavium Term Facility    (356) 

    
 

Net adjustment to accrued liabilities   $ (1,572) 
    

 

 

 
(1) Deferred rent of $11.8 million in total have been eliminated. In this adjustment, $1.2 million have been removed from accrued

liabilities and $10.6 million have been removed from other non-current liabilities as described in Note 8(j) of the “Notes to
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” below.

 

 
(g) Reflects the payment of the current portion of the Cavium Term Facility and the elimination of unamortized debt financing fees related to

the facility.
 

   (In thousands) 
Payment of Cavium Term Facility   $ (6,129) 
Elimination of debt financing fees on Cavium Term Facility (1)    2,859 

    
 

Net adjustment to current portion of long-term debt   $ (3,270) 
    

 

 

 
(1) Debt financing fees of $13.7 million in total have been eliminated. In this adjustment, $2.9 million have been removed from the

current portion of long-term debt and $10.8 million have been removed from long-term debt as described in Note 8(h) of the “Notes
to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” below.

 

 
(h) Reflects the payment of the non-current portion of the Cavium Term Facility and the elimination of unamortized debt financing fees related

to the facility.
 

   (In thousands) 
Payment of Cavium Term Facility   $ (604,590) 
Elimination of debt financing fees on Cavium Term Facility (1)    10,820 

    
 

Net adjustment to long-term debt   $ (593,770) 
    

 

 

 
(1) Debt financing fees of $13.7 million in total have been eliminated. In this adjustment, $10.8 million have been removed from long-

term debt and $2.9 million have been removed from the current portion of long-term debt as described in Note 8(g) of the “Notes to
Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” above.

 

 

(i) This adjustment reflects the originating deferred tax liabilities (“DTLs”) resulting from pro forma fair value adjustments of the acquired
assets and assumed liabilities based on applicable statutory tax rates for the jurisdictions associated with the respective estimated purchase
price allocation. The originating DTLs are primarily related to the preliminary purchase price allocation associated with acquired intangible
assets. The estimate of DTLs is preliminary and is subject to change based upon Marvell’s final determination of the fair value of assets
acquired and liabilities assumed, by jurisdiction including the final allocation across such legal entities and related jurisdictions.

 
   (In thousands) 
Elimination of Cavium’s deferred tax liability—carrying value   $ (16,824) 
Deferred tax liability—fair value (1)    312,969 

    
 

Net adjustment to deferred tax liability   $ 296,145 
    

 

 

 
(1) DTLs have been recognized based on applicable statutory tax rates for the jurisdictions associated with the respective net increase in

estimated amortizable identifiable intangible assets. The
 

224



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 238/263

Table of Contents

 

statutory tax rate was applied, as appropriate, to each adjustment based on the jurisdiction in which the adjustment is expected to
occur. Furthermore, tax related adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information are
based on the tax law in effect during the period for which the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations is
being presented, and therefore do not consider or contemplate effects of U.S. tax reform legislation enacted on December 22, 2017.

 

 
(j) Reflects the elimination of the non-current portion of Cavium’s deferred rent. Deferred rent of $11.8 million in total have been eliminated. In

this adjustment, $10.6 million have been removed from other non-current liabilities and $1.2 million have been removed from accrued
liabilities as described in Note 8(f) of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” above.

 

 (k) Reflects the payment of transaction costs, change in control payments and the elimination of Cavium’s retained earnings after adjustments.
 

   (In thousands) 
Payment of Marvell transaction related costs not accrued as of October 28, 2017 (1)   $ (46,694) 
Payment of Cavium transaction related costs not accrued as of September 30, 2017 (1)    (65,000) 
Cash paid to settle unvested equity and incentive awards    (761) 
Stock based compensation expense incurred to settle equity and incentive awards    (48,426) 
Elimination of Cavium’s retained earnings after adjustments    405,303 

    
 

Net adjustment to retained earnings   $ 244,422 
    

 

 

 

(1) Marvell and Cavium are expected to incur a total of $131.3 million in transaction related costs. These costs consist of legal advisory,
financial advisory, accounting, consulting and financing costs and are not reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined
statements of operations because they do not have a continuing effect on the combined company. Approximately $111.7 million has
been shown as a pro forma adjustment reducing retained earnings. Approximately $19.6 million was related to financing and has
been capitalized.

 

 (l) Reflects the elimination of Cavium’s historical common stock, additional paid-in capital and accumulated other comprehensive income.
 

 (m) Reflects the stock consideration component of the Merger ($0.3 million in common stock and $3,629.7 million in additional paid-in capital).
 

 

(n) Reflects the one-time expense for the recognition of $48.4 million of stock-based compensation expense incurred to settle Cavium’s
outstanding unvested stock based compensation awards that will be accelerated post-Merger due to change in control provisions. The
associated stock-based compensation expense is not reflected in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations as it
will not have a continuing impact.

 
225



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 239/263

Table of Contents

9. Pro Forma Adjustments for Condensed Combined Statements of Operations
 

 

(a) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense, record new depreciation expense based on the fair value of the
property and equipment acquired, eliminate historical amortization expense, record new amortization expense based on the fair value of the
identifiable acquired intangible assets, eliminate historical stock based compensation expense and record new stock-based compensation
expense due to the equity award replacement and resulting remeasurement of the fair value of stock based compensation as a result of the
Merger.

 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months

Ended
October 28,

2017   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months

Ended
January 28,

2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of Cavium’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (15,262)  $ (11,811) 
Depreciation after fair value adjustment (1)    8,404   10,562 
Elimination of Cavium’s amortization of intangible assets    (84,684)   (41,215) 
Amortization after fair value adjustment (2)    228,493   271,055 
Elimination of historical stock based compensation expense (3)    (523)   (561) 
Stock based compensation expense after equity award replacement and fair value

remeasurement (3)    4,030   6,627 
    

 
   

 

Net adjustment to cost of goods sold   $ 140,458  $ 234,657 
    

 

   

 

 

 

(1) Depreciation of property and equipment is based on the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets and is calculated on a straight-
line basis. Depreciation expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based upon the nature of the activities associated with the property and equipment acquired. Refer to Note 6
of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives
of the property and equipment expected to be recognized.

 

(2) The amortization of intangible assets is based on the periods over which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected
to be realized. Amortization expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based on the nature of the activities associated with the intangible assets acquired. Refer to Note 6 of the
“Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives of the
acquired intangible assets expected to be recognized.

 
(3) Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, certain unvested Cavium equity awards will be replaced and converted into unvested

equity awards of Marvell common shares.
 

226



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 240/263

Table of Contents

 

(b) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense, record new depreciation expense based on the fair value of the
property and equipment acquired, eliminate historical amortization expense, record new amortization expense based on the fair value of the
identifiable acquired intangible assets, eliminate historical stock-based compensation expense and record new stock-based compensation
expense due to the equity award replacement and resulting remeasurement of the fair value of stock-based compensation as a result of the
Merger.

 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months

Ended
October 28,

2017   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months

Ended
January 28,

2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of Cavium’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (34,191)  $ (29,897) 
Depreciation after fair value adjustment (1)    18,827   26,736 
Elimination of Cavium’s amortization of intangible assets    (7,610)   (9,405) 
Amortization after fair value adjustment (2)    20,533   61,853 
Elimination of historical stock based compensation expense (3)    (8,089)   (8,628) 
Stock based compensation expense after equity award replacement and fair value

remeasurement (3)    62,330   101,912 
    

 
   

 

Net adjustment to research and development   $ 51,800  $ 142,571 
    

 

   

 

 

 

(1) Depreciation of property and equipment is based on the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets and is calculated on a straight-
line basis. Depreciation expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based upon the nature of the activities associated with the property and equipment acquired. Refer to Note 6
of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives
of the property and equipment expected to be recognized.

 

(2) The amortization of intangible assets is based on the periods over which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected
to be realized. Amortization expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based on the nature of the activities associated with the intangible assets acquired. Refer to Note 6 of the
“Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives of the
acquired intangible assets expected to be recognized.

 
(3) Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, certain unvested Cavium equity awards will be replaced and converted into unvested

equity awards of Marvell common shares.
 

227



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 241/263

Table of Contents

 

(c) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense, record new depreciation expense based on the fair value of the
property and equipment acquired, eliminate historical amortization expense, record new amortization expense based on the fair value of the
identifiable acquired intangible assets, eliminate historical stock-based compensation expense and record new stock-based compensation
expense due to the equity award replacement and resulting remeasurement of the fair value of stock-based compensation as a result of the
Merger.

 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months

Ended
October 28,

2017   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months

Ended
January 28,

2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of Cavium’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (7,481)  $ (5,034) 
Depreciation after fair value adjustment (1)    4,119   4,502 
Elimination of Cavium’s amortization of intangible assets    (3,800)   (1,946) 
Amortization after fair value adjustment (2)    10,253   12,798 
Elimination of historical stock based compensation expense (3)    (2,573)   (2,761) 
Stock based compensation expense after equity award replacement and fair value

remeasurement (3)    19,829   32,614 
    

 
   

 

Net adjustment to selling, general and administrative   $ 20,347  $ 40,173 
    

 

   

 

 

 

(1) Depreciation of property and equipment is based on the estimated remaining useful lives of the assets and is calculated on a straight-
line basis. Depreciation expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based upon the nature of the activities associated with the property and equipment acquired. Refer to Note 6
of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives
of the property and equipment expected to be recognized.

 

(2) The amortization of intangible assets is based on the periods over which the economic benefits of the intangible assets are expected
to be realized. Amortization expense is allocated among cost of goods sold, research and development and selling, general and
administrative expense based on the nature of the activities associated with the intangible assets acquired. Refer to Note 6 of the
“Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information” for additional information on the useful lives of the
acquired intangible assets expected to be recognized.

 
(3) Subject to the terms of the Merger Agreement, certain unvested Cavium equity awards will be replaced and converted into unvested

equity awards of Marvell common shares.
 

 (d) Reflects the elimination of Cavium’s historical interest expense and amortization of debt financing fees.
 

 

(e) This adjustment reflects the income tax expense/benefit effects of the pro forma adjustments based on applicable statutory tax rates for the
jurisdictions associated with the respective pro forma adjustments. Because the tax rates used for these pro forma financial statements are an
estimate, the blended rate will likely vary from the actual effective rate in periods subsequent to completion of the Merger. Further, the
combined company’s ability to use net operating loss carryforwards to offset future taxable income for U.S. federal income tax purposes is
subject to limitations. In general under Section 382 of Code, a corporation that undergoes an “ownership change” is subject to limitations on
its ability to utilize its pre-change net operating losses (referred to as “NOLs”) to offset future taxable income. In general, an ownership
change occurs if the aggregate stock ownership of certain stockholders (generally 5% stockholders, applying certain look-through rules)
increases by more than 50 percentage points over such stockholder’s lowest percentage ownership during the testing period (generally three
years). In addition, some of the standards and requirements under ASC 740 (Accounting for Income Taxes) may limit the combined
company’s ability to record deferred tax assets relating to originating temporary differences between book and tax basis of income and
expense items. Further, these standards may require a valuation allowance to be established against certain existing deferred tax

 
228



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 242/263

Table of Contents

 

assets of each company as of the date of completion of the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement. In addition, a combination
of two companies may also cause the ability for certain valuation allowances associated with one of the companies to no longer be necessary
because on a combined basis, there may be new sources of future taxable income to support the reversal of pre-existing valuation
allowances. Currently, no adjustment to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information has been made as it relates to
either limitations the combined company might incur under Section 382 of the Code or ASC 740 or decreases to pre-existing valuation
allowances. Furthermore, adjustments to established deferred tax assets and liabilities as well as the recognition of additional deferred tax
assets and liabilities may occur in conjunction with the finalization of the purchase accounting and these items could be material.
Furthermore, tax related adjustments included in the unaudited pro forma condensed combined financial information are based on the tax
law in effect during the period for which the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statements of operations is being presented, and
therefore do not consider or contemplate effects of U.S. tax reform legislation enacted on December 22, 2017.

 

 (f) Reflects the adjustments to weighted average shares outstanding.
 

   

Pro Forma
Nine Months

Ended
October 28,

2017    

Pro Forma
Twelve Months

Ended
January 28,

2017  
   (In thousands)  
Pro forma basic weighted average shares:     
Historical Marvell weighted average shares outstanding    499,568    509,738 
Issuance of shares to Cavium common shareholders    150,462    150,462 
Issuance of vested Marvell replacement awards to Cavium equity award holders    1,665    1,665 

    
 

    
 

Pro forma weighted average shares (basic)    651,695    661,865 
    

 

    

 

Pro forma diluted weighted average shares:     
Historical Marvell weighted average shares outstanding    510,935    509,738(1) 
Issuance of shares to Cavium common shareholders    150,462    150,462 
Issuance of vested Marvell replacement awards to Cavium equity award holders    1,665    1,665 
Issuance of Marvell replacement awards to Cavium equity award holders    6,814    —   

    
 

    
 

Pro forma weighted average shares (diluted)    669,876    661,865 
    

 

    

 

 

 
(1) The historical Marvell potential dilutive securities were excluded from the computation of pro forma diluted weighted average

shares as their effect would be anti-dilutive.
 

229



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 243/263

Table of Contents

10. Acquisition of QLogic

As described in Note 2 of the “Notes to Unaudited Pro Forma Condensed Combined Financial Information,” Cavium acquired QLogic on August 16,
2016. The following table presents the pro forma adjustments of the QLogic Acquisition:
 
   Historical        

   

Year Ended
December 31,

2016   

Period from
December 28,

2015 to
August 15,

2016      

Year Ended
December 31,

2016  

   Cavium   QLogic   
Pro Forma

Adjustments  
Pro Forma
Combined  

   (In thousands)  
Net revenue   $ 603,314  $ 278,184  $ —    $ 881,498 
Cost of goods sold    318,000   119,865   (10,262)10(a)   427,603 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Gross profit    285,314   158,319   10,262   453,895 
Operating expenses:      

Research and development    257,816   77,415   (14,990)10(b)   320,241 
Selling, general and administrative    161,051   73,938   (8,046)10(c)   226,943 
Restructuring and other related charges    —     —     —     —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating expenses    418,867   151,353   (23,036)   547,184 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Operating (loss) income from continuing operations    (133,553)   6,966   33,298   (93,289) 
Interest and other income, net    (12,659)   4,063   37210(d)   (8,224) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

(Loss) income from continuing operations before income taxes    (146,212)   11,029   33,670   (101,513) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes    997   (7,845)   7,56410(e)   716 
    

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Net (loss) income from continuing operations   $ (147,209)  $ 18,874  $ 26,106  $ (102,229) 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

The following adjustments were made to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement of operations for QLogic for the period from
December 28, 2015 to August 15, 2016. The results of operations of QLogic for the period from August 16, 2016 to December 31, 2016 are already
reflected in Cavium’s audited consolidated statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2016.

The pro forma adjustments reflect the elimination of historical expenses. The related impact to the unaudited pro forma condensed combined statement
of operations as a result of the fair value adjustments of QLogic’s assets and liabilities as a result of the Merger have been included in the discussion of
pro forma adjustments in Notes 7 and 8 above.
 

 
(a) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense, eliminate historical amortization expense and eliminate historical stock

based compensation expense for the period from December 28, 2015 to August 15, 2016.
 

   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months Ended

January 28, 2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of QLogic’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (1,050) 
Elimination of QLogic’s amortization of intangible assets    (8,744) 
Elimination of QLogic’s stock based compensation expense    (468) 

    
 

Net adjustment to cost of goods sold   $ (10,262) 
    

 

 
230



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 244/263

Table of Contents

 
(b) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense and eliminate historical stock based compensation expense for the

period from December 28, 2015 to August 15, 2016.
 

   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months Ended

January 28, 2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of QLogic’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (9,801) 
Elimination of QLogic’s stock based compensation expense    (5,189) 

    
 

Net adjustment to research and development   $ (14,990) 
    

 

 

 
(c) Reflects the adjustments to eliminate historical depreciation expense, eliminate historical amortization expense and eliminate historical stock

based compensation expense.
 

   

Pro Forma
Twelve Months Ended

January 28, 2017  
   (In thousands)  
Elimination of QLogic’s depreciation on property and equipment   $ (3,907) 
Elimination of QLogic’s amortization of intangible assets    (357) 
Elimination of QLogic’s stock based compensation expense    (3,782) 

    
 

Net adjustment to selling, general and administrative   $ (8,046) 
    

 

 

 (d) Reflects the adjustment to eliminate historical interest expense of $0.4 million for the period from December 28, 2015 to August 15, 2016.
 

 

(e) Reflects income tax expense for the pro forma adjustments based on applicable statutory tax rates for the jurisdictions associated with those
adjustments. As the tax rate used for these pro forma financial statements is an estimated blended statutory tax rate, it will likely vary from
the actual effective rate in periods subsequent to completion of the Merger. Furthermore, tax related adjustments included in the unaudited
pro forma condensed combined financial information are based on the tax law in effect during the period for which the unaudited pro forma
condensed combined statements of operations is being presented, and therefore do not consider or contemplate effects of U.S. tax reform
legislation enacted on December 22, 2017.

 
231



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 245/263

Table of Contents

LEGAL MATTERS

The validity of the Marvell common shares to be issued in the Merger will be passed upon for Marvell by Appleby (Bermuda) Limited.

EXPERTS

The financial statements and the related financial statement schedule for Marvell Technology Group Ltd. as of and for the years ended January 28, 2017
and January 30, 2016 incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference from Marvell Technology Group Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form
10-K and the effectiveness of Marvell Technology Group Ltd.’s internal control over financial reporting as of January 28, 2017 have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche, LLP., an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their reports, which are incorporated herein by reference (which
reports (1) express an unqualified opinion on the financial statements and the financial statement schedule and (2) express an adverse opinion on the
effectiveness of Marvell’s internal control over financial reporting because of material weaknesses). Such financial statements and financial statement
schedule have been so incorporated in reliance on the reports of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

The financial statements for Marvell Technology Group Ltd. for the year ended January 31, 2015 incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus
by reference to Marvell Technology Group Ltd.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended January 28, 2017 have been so incorporated in
reliance on the report of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts
in auditing and accounting.

The financial statements of Cavium, Inc. and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting (which is
included in Management’s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting) incorporated in this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference to
Cavium, Inc.’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 have been so incorporated in reliance on the report (which contains
an explanatory paragraph on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting due to the exclusion of certain elements of the internal control
over financial reporting of the QLogic Corporation business Cavium acquired during 2016) of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered
public accounting firm, given on the authority of said firm as experts in auditing and accounting.

The consolidated financial statements and schedule of QLogic and subsidiaries as of April 3, 2016 and March 29, 2015, and for each of the years in the
three-year period ended April 3, 2016, and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting as of April 3, 2016
have been incorporated by reference herein and in the joint proxy statement/prospectus in reliance upon the reports of KPMG LLP (“KPMG”),
independent registered public accounting firm, incorporated by reference herein, and upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing. KPMG’s report dated May 26, 2016 on the consolidated financial statements refers to QLogic’s adoption, on a retrospective basis, of FASB
Accounting Standards Update No. 2015-17, Balance Sheet Classification of Deferred Taxes, which requires all deferred tax assets, liabilities and
associated valuation allowances to be classified as non-current.

Cavium has agreed to indemnify and hold KPMG harmless against and from any and all legal costs and expenses incurred by KPMG in successful
defense of any legal action or proceeding that arises as a result of KPMG’s consent to the incorporation by reference of its audit report on QLogic’s past
financial statements incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

232



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 246/263

Table of Contents

SUBMISSION OF FUTURE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

Marvell

Under Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, for a shareholder proposal to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for the 2018 annual general
meeting of shareholders, Marvell must have received the written proposal by such shareholder at the mailing address of its business offices set forth
below, no later than January 3, 2018. Such proposals must comply with the other provisions of Rule 14a-8 and additional applicable SEC rules regarding
the inclusion of shareholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy materials.

If a shareholder desires to bring a matter before an annual general meeting and the proposal is submitted outside the process of Rule 14a-8, the
shareholder may use the procedures set forth in the Bye-laws to make a shareholder proposal, including director nominations, not intended to be
included in the proxy statement under Rule 14a-8 so long as such proposal complies with the Bye-laws. In accordance with Section 35 of the Bye-laws,
shareholder nominations and proposals may be voted on at an annual general meeting of shareholders only if such nominations and proposals are made
pursuant to written notice timely given to Marvell’s Secretary and accompanied by certain information. To be timely, a shareholder’s written notice must
be received by Marvell not less than 90 nor more than 120 clear days (as such term is defined in Marvell’s Bye-laws) prior to the anniversary of the date
for Marvell’s 2017 annual general meeting of shareholders, which was June 15, 2017. To comply with the Bye-laws, a shareholder must provide
appropriate notice to Marvell no earlier than February 14, 2018 and no later than March 16, 2018. The notice must contain the name and business
background of any person being nominated by such shareholder as a director and all material information on any proposal, statement or resolution to be
put to the meeting and details of the shareholder submitting the proposal, statement or resolution, as well as other information that may be specified by
Marvell’s board of directors and the Bye-laws as then in effect. Marvell’s board of directors will review proposals from eligible shareholders which it
receives by that date and will determine whether any such proposal has been received in accordance with the Bye-laws and whether any such proposal
will be acted upon at the annual general meeting of shareholders.

Marvell’s Bye-laws contain a proxy access provision, which allows a shareholder or group of up to 20 shareholders owning in aggregate three percent or
more of Marvell’s issued shares continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the company’s proxy materials director nominees
constituting up to 20% of the number of directors in office (rounded down) or two nominees, whichever is greater, provided the shareholder(s) and
nominee(s) satisfy the requirements in the Bye-laws. If a shareholder or group of shareholders wishes to nominate one or more director candidates to be
included in Marvell’s proxy statement for the 2018 annual general meeting pursuant to these proxy access provisions in Section 13 of Marvell’s Bye-
laws, Marvell must receive proper written notice of any such nomination no earlier than the close of business on January 2, 2018 and no later than the
close of business on February 1, 2018. In each case, the notice must include information specified in Marvell’s Bye-laws, including information
concerning the nominee or proposal, as the case may be, and information about the shareholder’s ownership of and agreements related to Marvell’s
shares.

If, however, the 2018 annual general meeting is not within 30 days before or after the anniversary of the 2017 annual general meeting, Marvell must
receive such notice under both its advance notice and proxy access Bye-laws not more than 120 days prior to such meeting and not less than 90 days
prior to such meeting or 10 days following the public announcement of the meeting date.

Marvell will not entertain any proposals or nominations at the annual general meeting that do not meet the requirements set forth in its Bye-laws.
Marvell encourages shareholders to seek advice from knowledgeable counsel before submitting a proposal or a nomination. All shareholder proposals or
nominations pursuant to this section may be sent to Marvell’s Assistant Secretary at Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 12, Bermuda.

In addition, Section 79 of the Companies Act provides that (i) any number of shareholders representing not less than 5% of the total voting power of the
shares eligible to vote at a general meeting of shareholders, or (ii) not
 

233



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 247/263

Table of Contents

less than 100 shareholders may propose any resolution which may properly be moved at the next annual general meeting of shareholders. Upon timely
receipt of notice, Marvell shall, at the expense of such shareholder(s), give its other shareholders entitled to receive notice of the next annual general
meeting of shareholders notice of such proposed resolution. To be timely, the proposal requiring notice of a resolution must be deposited at Marvell’s
registered office at least six weeks before the next annual general meeting of shareholders. Shareholders satisfying the criteria of Section 79 may also
require Marvell to circulate a statement in respect of any matter to come before an annual general meeting of shareholders by notice deposited at
Marvell’s registered office in the manner provided by the Companies Act.

Cavium

Proposals of shareholders of Cavium that are intended to be presented by such shareholders at Cavium’s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders must be
submitted in writing by January 1, 2018 to Cavium’s Secretary at 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131 in order that they may be considered
for inclusion in Cavium’s proxy statement and form of proxy relating to that meeting. If, however, the date of Cavium’s 2018 annual meeting is more
than 30 days from the anniversary of Cavium’s 2017 annual meeting, then the deadline is a reasonable time before Cavium begins to print and send its
proxy materials for the 2018 annual meeting. All such proposals must comply with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, which lists the requirements for
the inclusion of shareholder proposals in company-sponsored proxy materials.

If the shareholder proposal is to be presented at Cavium’s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders but is not to be included in Cavium’s proxy statement for
that meeting, including any shareholder-recommended director nomination, the notice of proposal or nomination, as applicable, must be provided along
with specified information to Cavium’s Secretary at 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131 between February 20, 2018 and March 22, 2018,
unless the date of Cavium’s 2018 annual meeting of shareholders is before May 21, 2018 or after July 20, 2018, in which case the proposals shall be
submitted no earlier than 120 days prior to the 2018 annual meeting of the shareholders and no later than the later of (i) 90 days before the 2018 annual
meeting of shareholders or (ii) ten days after notice of the date of the 2018 annual meeting of shareholders is publicly given and with such information
required by Cavium’s bylaws.

The foregoing summary of Cavium’s shareholder nomination and proposal procedures is not complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the
full text of Cavium’s bylaws, which have been publicly filed with the SEC and is available at http://www.sec.gov.

Householding

As permitted by the Exchange Act, only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus is being delivered to shareholders who reside at the same
address, unless Marvell shareholders have notified Marvell or Cavium shareholders have notified Cavium of their desire to receive multiple copies of
these materials. This is known as “householding.” Once shareholders have received notice from their broker that it will be “householding”
communications to the shareholder’s address, “householding” will continue until shareholders are notified otherwise or until shareholders revoke their
consent. Shareholders may revoke their consent at any time by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, either by calling toll-free (800) 542-1061, or
by writing to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717.

Marvell will promptly deliver, upon oral or written request, a separate copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to any Marvell shareholder residing
at an address to which only one copy was mailed. Requests for additional copies should be directed to Marvell’s Investor Relations department at 5488
Marvell Lane, Santa Clara, California 95054, telephone number (408) 222-0777, or by email at ir@marvell.com. If you are a beneficial shareholder,
please contact your bank, broker, trustee or other nominee directly if you have questions, require additional copies of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, wish to revoke your consent to householding or wish to request single copies of the proxy materials in the future.
 

234



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 248/263

Table of Contents

Cavium shareholders who receive a single set of this joint proxy statement/prospectus as a result of householding and wish to have separate copies of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus may submit a request to: Corporate Secretary, Cavium, Inc., 2315 N. First Street, San Jose, California 95131, or
call (408) 943-7100, and Cavium will promptly comply with such request. Shareholders may contact their brokers if they receive multiple copies of this
joint proxy statement/prospectus and would prefer to receive a single copy in the future.
 

235



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 249/263

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Marvell has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 under the Securities Act with the SEC with respect to Marvell common shares to be issued to
Cavium shareholders in the Merger. This joint proxy statement/prospectus constitutes the prospectus Marvell filed as part of the registration statement.
This joint proxy statement/prospectus does not contain all of the information set forth in the registration statement because certain parts of the
registration statement are omitted in accordance with the rules and regulations of the SEC. The registration statement and its exhibits are available for
inspection and copying as set forth below.

In addition, Marvell and Cavium file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy and information statements and other information with the SEC under
the Exchange Act. Copies of these reports, proxy statements and other information may be inspected and copied at the Public Reference Room
maintained by the SEC at:

100 F Street, N.E.
Washington, D.C. 20549

Copies of these materials can also be obtained by mail at prescribed rates from the Public Reference Room of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E.,
Washington, D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 for further information on the public reference room. The SEC maintains a website
that contains reports, proxy statements and other information regarding each of Marvell and Cavium. The address of the SEC website is
http://www.sec.gov.

You may also obtain these documents by requesting them in writing or by telephone from the appropriate company at the following addresses:
 
Requests for documents relating to Marvell should
be directed to:   

Requests for documents relating to Cavium
should be directed to:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.   Cavium, Inc.
Investor Relations   Investor Relations
c/o Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.   2315 North First Street
5488 Marvell Lane   San Jose, California 95131
Santa Clara, California 95054   (408) 943-7100
(408) 222-0777   IR@Cavium.com
ir@marvell.com   

Marvell shareholders should contact Marvell Investor Relations at the address or telephone number listed above with any questions about the Merger.

Cavium shareholders should contact Cavium Investor Relations at the address or telephone number listed above with any questions about the Merger.

Information on Marvell Website

Information on any Marvell Internet website is not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and you should not rely on that information in deciding
whether to approve the Marvell Share Issuance.

Investors are encouraged to visit http://MarvellCavium.transactionannouncement.com for more information.

Information on Cavium Website

Information on any Cavium Internet website is not part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and you should not rely on that information in deciding
whether to adopt the Merger Agreement, unless that information is also in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in a document that is incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.
 

236



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 250/263

Table of Contents

THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS DOES NOT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL, OR A SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO
PURCHASE, THE SECURITIES OFFERED BY THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS, OR THE SOLICITATION OF A PROXY, IN
ANY JURISDICTION TO OR FROM ANY PERSON TO WHOM OR FROM WHOM IT IS UNLAWFUL TO MAKE SUCH OFFER,
SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER OR PROXY SOLICITATION IN SUCH JURISDICTION. NEITHER THE DELIVERY OF THIS JOINT PROXY
STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS NOR ANY DISTRIBUTION OF SECURITIES PURSUANT TO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS
SHALL, UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, CREATE ANY IMPLICATION THAT THERE HAS BEEN NO CHANGE IN THE INFORMATION
SET FORTH OR INCORPORATED INTO THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS BY REFERENCE OR IN MARVELL’S OR
CAVIUM’S AFFAIRS SINCE THE DATE OF THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS
JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WITH RESPECT TO CAVIUM AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES WAS PROVIDED BY CAVIUM AND ITS
SUBSIDIARIES AND THE INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS WITH RESPECT TO
MARVELL AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES WAS PROVIDED BY MARVELL AND ITS SUBSIDIARIES, AS THE CASE MAY BE.
 

237



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 251/263

Table of Contents

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Each of Marvell and Cavium incorporates by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus the documents listed below, and any filings Marvell or
Cavium makes with the SEC under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus until the
respective dates of the Marvell and Cavium shareholder meetings shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus (other than information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of any Current Report on Form 8-K, unless expressly stated
otherwise therein). The information incorporated by reference is an important part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Any statement in a document
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this joint proxy
statement/prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in this or any other subsequently filed document that is incorporated by reference into this
joint proxy statement/prospectus modifies or supersedes such statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as so
modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Marvell SEC Filings
 
Commission File No. 000-30877   Period
Current Reports on Form 8-K

  
Filed on March 16, 2017, June 16, 2017; June 19, 2017; July 14, 2017; September 22,
2017; November 20, 2017 (one filing with respect to Items 1.01 and 9.01); and December 13, 2017

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
  

Quarter ended April 29, 2017 (filed on June 5, 2017); Quarter ended July 29, 2017 (filed on
August 31, 2017); and Quarter ended October 28, 2017 (filed on December 4, 2017)

Annual Report on Form 10-K   Fiscal Year Ended January 28, 2017 (filed on March 28, 2017)

Definitive Proxy Statement

  

The portions of Marvell’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed May 3, 2017 that are
incorporated by reference in Marvell’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
January 28, 2017

Marvell also incorporates by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus the description of Marvell common shares contained in Marvell’s Form
8-A filed on June 22, 2000 and any amendment or report filed with the SEC for the purpose of updating such description.

You can obtain a copy of any document incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus except for the exhibits to those documents
from Marvell. You may also obtain these documents from the SEC or through the SEC’s website referred to above. Documents incorporated by
reference are available from Marvell without charge, excluding all exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus. You may obtain documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in
writing or by telephone from Marvell at the following address, telephone number and e-mail:

Marvell Technology Group Ltd.
c/o Marvell Semiconductor, Inc.

5488 Marvell Lane
Santa Clara, California 95054
Attention: Investor Relations

408-222-0777
ir@marvell.com

 
238



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 252/263

Table of Contents

If you would like to request documents, please do so by February 20, 2018, to receive them before the Marvell general meeting. If you request any of
these documents from Marvell, Marvell will mail them to you by first-class mail, or similar means.

Cavium SEC Filings
 
Commission File No. 001-33435   Period
Current Reports on Form 8-K

  
Filed on March 22, 2017, June 20, 2017, November 20, 2017 (2 filings with respect to Items 8.01
and 9.01; and 8.01 and 9.01), November 22, 2017, December 21, 2017 and February 1, 2018

Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q
  

Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 (Filed on May 1, 2017), Quarter Ended June 30, 2017 (Filed on
August 4, 2017), Quarter Ended September 30, 2017 (Filed on November 7, 2017)

Annual Report on Form 10-K   Year Ended December 31, 2016 (Filed on February 28, 2017)

Definitive Proxy Statement

  

The portions of Cavium’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A filed April 27, 2017 that
are incorporated by reference in Cavium’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2016

You can obtain a copy of any document incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, except for the exhibits to those documents,
from Cavium. You may also obtain these documents from the SEC or through the SEC’s website described above. Documents incorporated by reference
are available from Cavium without charge, excluding all exhibits unless specifically incorporated by reference as an exhibit into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. You may obtain documents incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by requesting them in writing or
by telephone from Cavium at the following address, telephone number and e-mail address:

Cavium, Inc.
2315 N. First Street

San Jose, California 95131
Attention: Investor Relations

(408) 943-7100
IR@Cavium.com

If you would like to request documents, please do so by February 20, 2018, to receive them before the Cavium special meeting. If you request any of
these documents from Cavium, Cavium will mail them to you by first-class mail, or similar means.

Any statement contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in a document incorporated or deemed to be incorporated by reference into this joint
proxy statement/prospectus will be deemed to be modified or superseded for purposes of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to the extent that a
statement contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or any other subsequently filed document that is deemed to be incorporated by reference
into this joint proxy statement/prospectus modifies or supersedes the statement. Any statement so modified or superseded will not be deemed, except as
so modified or superseded, to constitute a part of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Marvell has supplied all information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus relating to Marvell and its
affiliates, including Merger Sub, and Cavium has supplied all information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy
statement/prospectus relating to Cavium and its affiliates.
 

239



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 253/263

Table of Contents

ANNEX A

 
  

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

by and among:

MARVELL TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD.,
a Bermuda exempted company;

KAUAI ACQUISITION CORP.,
a Delaware corporation; and

CAVIUM, INC.,
a Delaware corporation

 
 

Dated as of November 19, 2017

 
 

 
  



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 254/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
       Page  

 SECTION 1.       DESCRIPTION OF TRANSACTION    A-1 
 1.1     Merger of Merger Sub into the Company    A-1 
 1.2     Effect of the Merger    A-1 
 1.3     Closing; Effective Time    A-1 
 1.4     Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers    A-2 
 1.5     Governance Matters    A-2 
 1.6     Conversion of Shares    A-2 
 1.7     Closing of the Company’s Transfer Books    A-3 
 1.8     Exchange of Certificates    A-3 
 1.9     Dissenting Shares    A-5 
 1.10   Further Action    A-5 
 SECTION 2.       REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY    A-5 
 2.1     Due Organization; Subsidiaries; Etc.    A-5 
 2.2     Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws    A-6 
 2.3     Capitalization, Etc.    A-6 
 2.4     SEC Filings; Financial Statements    A-8 
 2.5     Absence of Changes    A-9 
 2.6     Title to Tangible Assets    A-9 
 2.7     Real Property    A-9 
 2.8     Intellectual Property and Related Matters    A-10 
 2.9     Contracts    A-14 
 2.10   Liabilities    A-16 
 2.11   Compliance with Legal Requirements    A-16 
 2.12   Governmental Authorizations    A-17 
 2.13   Tax Matters    A-17 
 2.14   Employee and Labor Matters; Benefit Plans    A-19 
 2.15   Environmental Matters    A-23 
 2.16   Insurance    A-23 
 2.17   Legal Proceedings; Orders    A-23 
 2.18   Top Customers and Top Suppliers.    A-23 
 2.19   Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement    A-24 
 2.20   Takeover Statutes; No Rights Plan    A-24 
 2.21   Vote Required    A-24 
 2.22   Non-Contravention; Consents    A-24 
 2.23   Fairness Opinion    A-25 
 2.24   Advisors’ Fees    A-25 
 

A-i



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 255/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
     Page  

 SECTION 3.      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB   A-25 
 3.1    Due Organization; Subsidiaries; Etc.   A-25 
 3.2    Capitalization, Etc.   A-26 
 3.3    SEC Filings; Financial Statements   A-27 
 3.4    Absence of Certain Changes or Events   A-28 
 3.5    Intellectual Property and Related Matters   A-28 
 3.6    Legal Proceedings; Orders   A-29 
 3.7    Authority; Binding Nature of Agreement   A-29 
 3.8    Vote Required   A-30 
 3.9    Non-Contravention; Consents   A-30 
 3.10  Stock Ownership   A-31 
 3.11  Capitalization and Operations of Merger Sub   A-31 
 3.12  Financing   A-31 
 3.13  Solvency   A-32 
 3.14  Fairness Opinion   A-32 
 3.15  Advisors’ Fees   A-32 
 3.16  Tax Matters   A-33 
 SECTION 4.      CERTAIN COVENANTS OF THE COMPANY AND PARENT   A-34 
 4.1    Access and Investigation; Confidentiality   A-34 
 4.2    Operations of the Company’s and Parent’s Businesses   A-35 
 4.3    No Solicitation by the Company   A-39 
 4.4    No Solicitation by Parent   A-40 
 SECTION 5.      ADDITIONAL COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES   A-42 
 5.1    Registration Statement; Joint Proxy Statement   A-42 
 5.2    Company Stockholders’ Meeting   A-42 
 5.3    Parent Shareholders’ Meeting   A-46 
 5.4    Regulatory Approvals   A-49 
 5.5   

 
Treatment of Company Options, Company Restricted Stock Units and Company Performance Restricted
Stock Units   A-51 

 5.6    Employee Benefits   A-53 
 5.7    Indemnification of Officers and Directors   A-54 
 5.8    Disclosure   A-54 
 5.9    Resignation of Officers and Directors   A-55 
 5.10  Listing   A-55 
 5.11  Delisting   A-55 
 5.12  Litigation   A-55 
 

A-ii



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 256/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
       Page  

 5.13   Section 16 Matters    A-55 
 5.14   Takeover Statutes and Rights    A-55 
 5.15   Financing    A-56 
 SECTION 6.        CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATIONS OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB    A-60 
 6.1     Accuracy of Representations    A-60 
 6.2     Performance of Covenants    A-61 
 6.3     Effectiveness of Registration Statement    A-61 
 6.4     Shareholder Approval    A-61 
 6.5     Certificate    A-61 
 6.6     No Material Adverse Effect    A-61 
 6.7     Regulatory Matters    A-61 
 6.8     Listing    A-62 
 6.9     No Restraints    A-62 
 6.10   No Governmental Litigation    A-62 
 SECTION 7.       CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO OBLIGATION OF THE COMPANY    A-62 
 7.1     Accuracy of Representations    A-62 
 7.2     Performance of Covenants    A-63 
 7.3     Effectiveness of Registration Statement    A-63 
 7.4     Shareholder Approval    A-63 
 7.5     Certificate    A-63 
 7.6     No Material Adverse Effect    A-63 
 7.7     Regulatory Matters    A-63 
 7.8     Listing    A-63 
 7.9     No Restraints    A-63 
 SECTION 8.       TERMINATION    A-64 
 8.1     Termination    A-64 
 8.2     Effect of Termination    A-66 
 8.3     Expenses; Termination Fees    A-66 
 SECTION 9.       MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS    A-69 
 9.1     Amendment    A-69 
 9.2     Waiver    A-69 
 9.3     No Survival of Representations and Warranties    A-70 
 9.4     Entire Agreement; Counterparts    A-70 
 9.5     Applicable Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial    A-70 
 9.6     Disclosure Schedules    A-71 
 9.7     Attorneys’ Fees    A-71 
 

A-iii



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 257/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
       Page  

 9.8     Assignability; No Third-Party Beneficiaries    A-71 
         9.9     Notices    A-72 
 9.10   Cooperation    A-72 
 9.11   Severability    A-73 
 9.12   Enforcement    A-73 
 9.13   Construction    A-73 
 

A-iv



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 258/263

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

EXHIBITS
 
Exhibit A   Certain Definitions   A-A-1

Exhibit B   Form of Certificate of Incorporation of Surviving Corporation   A-B-1
 

A-v



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 259/263

Table of Contents

THIS AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of November 19, 2017, by and among: MARVELL
TECHNOLOGY GROUP LTD., a Bermuda exempted company (“Parent”); KAUAI ACQUISITION CORP., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”); and CAVIUM, INC., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”). Certain capitalized terms used in this
Agreement are defined in Exhibit A.

RECITALS

A. Parent, Merger Sub and the Company intend to effect a merger of Merger Sub into the Company in accordance with this Agreement and the
Delaware General Corporation Law (the “Merger”). Upon consummation of the Merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist, and the Company will become
an indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent.

B. The respective boards of directors of Parent, Merger Sub and the Company have approved this Agreement and approved the Merger.

C. In order to induce Parent and Merger Sub to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Merger, concurrently with the execution and
delivery of this Agreement, a stockholder of the Company is executing a voting agreement in favor of Parent.

D. In order to induce the Company to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the Merger, concurrently with the execution and delivery of
this Agreement, certain shareholders of Parent are executing voting agreements in favor of the Company.

AGREEMENT

The parties to this Agreement, intending to be legally bound, agree as follows:

Section 1. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSACTION

1.1 Merger of Merger Sub into the Company. Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Effective Time,
Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and the separate existence of Merger Sub shall cease. The Company will continue as the
surviving corporation in the Merger (the “Surviving Corporation”).

1.2 Effect of the Merger. The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and in the applicable provisions of the Delaware General
Corporation Law (the “DGCL”).

1.3 Closing; Effective Time. The consummation of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall take place at the offices of Hogan Lovells US LLP, 4085
Campbell Avenue, Suite 100, Menlo Park, California, 94025 or at such other location as the parties may agree. If the Marketing Period shall have ended
on or before the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date, then the Closing shall take place at 8:00 a.m. (California time) on a Business Day to be mutually
agreed by Parent and the Company, which shall be no later than the third Business Day after the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date, but subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.5 and 7.5 and the continued satisfaction or waiver of each of the other conditions set forth
in Sections 6 and 7. If the Marketing Period shall not have ended on or before the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date, then the Closing shall take place
at 8:00 a.m. (California time) on the earlier of (a) any Business Day during the Marketing Period (after the Closing Conditions Satisfaction Date)
designated by Parent in a notice delivered to the Company at least three Business Days before the date designated by Parent in such notice as the date of
the Closing or (b) the third Business Day after the end of the Marketing Period, but subject, in the case of each of clauses “(a)” and “(b),” to the
satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in Sections 6.5 and 7.5 and the continued satisfaction or waiver of each of the other conditions set forth
in Sections 6 and 7. The date on
 

A-1



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 260/263

Table of Contents

which the Closing actually takes place is referred to as the “Closing Date.” Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, a certificate of merger satisfying
the applicable requirements of the DGCL and consistent with the terms of this Agreement shall be duly executed by the Company and, concurrently
with or as soon as practicable following the Closing on the Closing Date, filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Merger shall
become effective upon the filing of such certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time as may be
mutually agreed by Parent and the Company and specified in such certificate of merger (the “Effective Time”).

1.4 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws; Directors and Officers. Unless otherwise mutually agreed by Parent and the Company prior to
the Effective Time:

(a) the Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to
Exhibit B;

(b) the Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated as of the Effective Time to conform to the Bylaws of Merger Sub
as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time; and

(c) the directors and officers of the Surviving Corporation immediately after the Effective Time shall be the respective individuals who are
directors and officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time, until the earlier of their resignation or removal or until their respective
successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified, as the case may be.

1.5 Governance Matters. Prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall take all necessary corporate action to cause the chairman of the board of
directors of the Company and two other members of the board of directors of the Company who are designated by Parent to become members of the
board of directors of Parent as of the Effective Time.

1.6 Conversion of Shares.

(a) At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any further action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company or any
stockholder of the Company:

(i) any shares of Company Common Stock that are held by the Company (or held in the Company’s treasury) or held by Parent, Merger Sub
or any other Subsidiary of Parent immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and no
consideration shall be delivered in exchange therefor;

(ii) any shares of Company Common Stock that are held, directly or indirectly, by any Subsidiary of the Company (each, a “Company
Subsidiary”) immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be unaffected by the Merger and shall remain outstanding as an equal number of shares
of common stock of the Surviving Corporation;

(iii) except as provided in clauses “(i)” and “(ii)” above and subject to Sections 1.6(b), 1.6(c) and 1.9, each share of Company Common
Stock that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into the right to receive: (A) 2.1757 (the “Exchange Ratio”)
Parent Common Shares; and (B) $40.00 in cash, without interest (the “Per Share Cash Amount”); and

(iv) each share of the common stock, $0.001 par value per share, of Merger Sub that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into one share of common stock of the Surviving Corporation.

(b) If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock are changed into a
different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of
shares, reclassification, recapitalization
 

A-2



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 261/263

Table of Contents

or other similar transaction, or if a stock dividend is declared by the Company during such period, or a record date with respect to any such event shall
occur during such period, then the Per Share Cash Amount and the Exchange Ratio shall be adjusted to the extent appropriate to provide the same
economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such action. If, between the date of this Agreement and the Effective Time, the issued
Parent Common Shares are changed into a different number or class of shares by reason of any stock split, division or subdivision of shares, stock
dividend, reverse stock split, consolidation of shares, reclassification, recapitalization or other similar transaction, or if a stock dividend is declared by
Parent during such period, or a record date with respect to any such event shall occur during such period, then the Exchange Ratio (but not the Per Share
Cash Amount) shall be adjusted to the extent appropriate to provide the same economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such action.

(c) No fraction of a Parent Common Share shall be issued in connection with the Merger, and no certificates or scrip for any such fractional
share shall be issued. Any holder of Company Common Stock who would otherwise be entitled to receive a fraction of a Parent Common Share (after
aggregating all fractions of Parent Common Shares issuable to such holder) shall, in lieu of such fraction of a share and, upon surrender of such holder’s
Company Stock Certificate(s) or the transfer of non-certificated shares of Company Common Stock represented by book entry positions (“Company
Book Entry Shares”), be paid in cash the dollar amount (rounded to the nearest whole cent), without interest, determined by multiplying such fraction by
the closing price of a Parent Common Share on Nasdaq on the date the Merger becomes effective.

1.7 Closing of the Company’s Transfer Books. At the Effective Time: (a) except for shares of Company Common Stock that continue to be held
by a Company Subsidiary in accordance with Section 1.6, all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall automatically be canceled and retired and shall cease to exist, and all holders of Company Book Entry Shares or certificates representing shares of
Company Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights as stockholders of the Company;
and (b) except for shares of Company Common Stock that continue to be held by a Company Subsidiary in accordance with Section 1.6, the stock
transfer books of the Company shall be closed with respect to all shares of Company Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time and no further transfer of any such shares of Company Common Stock shall be made on such stock transfer books after the Effective Time. If,
after the Effective Time, a valid certificate previously representing any shares of Company Common Stock (a “Company Stock Certificate”) or a
Company Book Entry Share is presented to the Exchange Agent or to the Surviving Corporation or Parent, such Company Stock Certificate or Company
Book Entry Share shall be canceled and shall be exchanged as provided in Section 1.8.

1.8 Exchange of Certificates.

(a) On or prior to the Closing Date, Parent shall select Parent’s transfer agent or a reputable bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to
the Company to act as exchange agent in the Merger (the “Exchange Agent”). As soon as practicable (and in any event within one Business Day) after
the Effective Time, Parent shall deposit with the Exchange Agent (i) subject to Section 1.9, certificates or book entry positions representing the Parent
Common Shares issuable pursuant to Section 1.6 and (ii) subject to Section 1.9, cash sufficient to make payments of the cash consideration payable
pursuant to Section 1.6 (including payments to be made in lieu of fractional shares). The Parent Common Shares and cash amounts so deposited with the
Exchange Agent, together with any dividends or distributions received by the Exchange Agent with respect to such shares, are referred to collectively as
the “Exchange Fund.” The cash in the Exchange Fund shall be invested by the Exchange Agent as directed by Parent; provided, however, that any such
investments shall be in short-term obligations of the United States with maturities of no more than 30 days or guaranteed by the United States and
backed by the full faith and credit of the United States. No investment of the Exchange Fund shall relieve Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Exchange Agent from promptly making the payments required by this Section 1, and following any losses from any such investment, Parent shall
promptly provide additional cash funds to the Exchange Agent in the amount of such losses to the extent the funds in the Exchange Fund are insufficient
for such purposes, which additional funds will be deemed to be part of the Exchange Fund.
 

A-3



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 262/263

Table of Contents

(b) As soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event within seven Business Days) after the Effective Time, the Exchange Agent will mail
to the Persons who were record holders of Company Stock Certificates or Company Book Entry Shares immediately prior to the Effective Time (i) a
letter of transmittal, customary in form and substance, and including a provision confirming that delivery of Company Stock Certificates or transfer of
Company Book Entry Shares shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to Company Stock Certificates or Company Book Entry Shares shall pass, only
upon proper delivery of such Company Stock Certificates or transfer of such Company Book Entry Shares to the Exchange Agent and (ii) instructions
for use in effecting the surrender of Company Stock Certificates or transfer of Company Book Entry Shares in exchange for Merger Consideration. The
form and substance of such letter of transmittal and instructions shall be as reasonably agreed to by Parent and the Company prior to the Effective Time.
Upon surrender of a Company Stock Certificate to the Exchange Agent for exchange or receipt of an “agent’s message” by the Exchange Agent in
connection with the transfer of a Company Book Entry Share, together with a duly executed letter of transmittal and such other documents as may be
reasonably required by the Exchange Agent or Parent, (A) the holder of such Company Stock Certificate or Company Book Entry Share shall be entitled
to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to Section 1.6 and (B) the Company Stock
Certificate so surrendered or the Company Book Entry Share so transferred shall be canceled. Until surrendered or transferred as contemplated by this
Section 1.8(b), each Company Stock Certificate and Company Book Entry Share shall be deemed, from and after the Effective Time, to represent only
the right to receive Merger Consideration as contemplated by Section 1.6. If any Company Stock Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
Parent or the Exchange Agent may, in its discretion and as a condition to the payment of Merger Consideration, require the owner of such lost, stolen or
destroyed Company Stock Certificate to provide an appropriate affidavit and to deliver a bond (in such sum as Parent or the Exchange Agent may
reasonably direct) as indemnity against any claim that may be made against the Exchange Agent, Parent or the Surviving Corporation with respect to
such Company Stock Certificate.

(c) No dividends or other distributions declared or made with respect to Parent Common Shares with a record date after the Effective Time
shall be paid to the holder of any unsurrendered Company Stock Certificate or to the holder of any Company Book Entry Share that has not been
transferred, in each case with respect to the Parent Common Shares that such holder has the right to receive in the Merger, until such holder surrenders
such Company Stock Certificate or transfers such Company Book Entry Share in accordance with this Section 1.8 (at which time such holder shall be
entitled, subject to the effect of applicable escheat or similar laws, to receive all such dividends and distributions, without interest).

(d) Any portion of the Exchange Fund that remains undistributed to holders of Company Stock Certificates or Company Book Entry Shares
as of the date that is 365 days after the date on which the Merger becomes effective shall be delivered to Parent upon demand, and any holders of
Company Stock Certificates or Company Book Entry Shares who have not theretofore surrendered their Company Stock Certificates or transferred their
Company Book Entry Shares in accordance with this Section 1.8 shall thereafter look only to Parent for satisfaction of their claims for Merger
Consideration and any dividends or distributions with respect to Parent Common Shares included in the Merger Consideration.

(e) Each of the Exchange Agent, Parent and the Surviving Corporation shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from any consideration
payable or otherwise deliverable pursuant to this Agreement to any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock or any Company Equity Award
such amounts as may be required to be deducted or withheld therefrom under the Code or any provision of state, local or foreign tax law or under any
other applicable Legal Requirement. To the extent any amounts are so deducted or withheld and paid over to the appropriate Governmental Body, such
amounts shall be treated for all purposes under this Agreement as having been paid to the Person to whom such amounts would otherwise have been
paid.

(f) Neither Parent nor the Surviving Corporation shall be liable to any holder or former holder of Company Common Stock or to any other
Person with respect to any Merger Consideration (or dividends or distributions with respect to Parent Common Shares included in the Merger
Consideration) delivered to any public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property law, escheat law or similar Legal Requirement.
 

A-4



9/24/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1175609/000119312518032604/d538019ddefm14a.htm 263/263

Table of Contents

1.9 Dissenting Shares.

(a) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, shares of Company Common Stock held by a holder who has
made a proper demand for appraisal of such shares in accordance with Section 262 of the DGCL and who has otherwise complied with all applicable
provisions of Section 262 of the DGCL (any such shares being referred to as “Dissenting Shares” until such time as such holder fails to perfect or
otherwise loses such holder’s appraisal rights under Section 262 of the DGCL with respect to such shares) shall not be converted into or represent the
right to receive Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 1.6, but shall be entitled only to such rights as are granted by the DGCL to Dissenting
Shares.

(b) If any Dissenting Share shall lose its status as such (through failure to perfect or otherwise), then, as of the later of the Effective Time or
the date of loss of such status, such share shall automatically be converted into and shall represent only the right to receive Merger Consideration in
accordance with Section 1.6, without interest thereon, upon surrender of the Company Stock Certificate or transfer of the Company Book Entry Share
formerly representing such share and Parent shall promptly deposit (or cause to be deposited) in the Exchange Fund additional cash in an amount
sufficient to pay the cash portion of the Merger Consideration in respect of such shares of Company Common Stock that are no longer Dissenting
Shares.

(c) The Company shall give Parent (i) prompt notice of any written demand for appraisal received by the Company prior to the Effective
Time pursuant to the DGCL, any withdrawal of any such demand and any other demand, notice or instrument delivered to the Company prior to the
Effective Time pursuant to the DGCL and (ii) the opportunity to participate in all negotiations and proceedings with respect to any such demand, notice
or instrument. The Company shall not voluntarily make any payment or settlement offer prior to the Effective Time with respect to any such demand,
notice or instrument unless Parent shall have given its written consent to such payment or settlement offer.

1.10 Further Action. If, at any time after the Effective Time, any further action consistent with the terms of this Agreement is determined by
Parent to be necessary or desirable to carry out the purposes of this Agreement or to vest the Surviving Corporation with full right, title and possession
of and to all rights and property of Merger Sub and the Company, the officers and directors of the Surviving Corporation and Parent shall be fully
authorized (in the name of Merger Sub, in the name of the Company or otherwise) to take such action.

Section 2. REPRESENTATIONS AND


