







































9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 1/191

☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☑ Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ Definitive Additional Materials
☐ Soliciting Material Pursuant to § 240.14a-12

☐ No fee required.

☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

(1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:

(2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:

(3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the filing fee is
calculated and state how it was determined):

(4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:

(5) Total fee paid:

☑ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was paid previously.
Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

(1) Amount Previously Paid:
   

(2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
   

(3) Filing Party:
   

(4) Date Filed:
   

DEFM14A 1 c483540-defm14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549
SCHEDULE 14A

Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the Securities 
Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant ☑
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter)

(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)
Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

   

   

   

   

   



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 2/191

(1) a proposal to approve the merger agreement;
(2) a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the

special meeting to approve the merger agreement (the “Adjournment Proposal”); and
(3) a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the payment of certain compensation and benefits to our named executive officers that is based on

or otherwise relates to the merger, which they will or may be entitled to receive from the Company (or its successor) (the “Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal”).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC.
February 20, 2018

To the Shareholders of Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.:
We are pleased to invite you to attend our special meeting of shareholders (the “special meeting”) to be held on March 23, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time at The

Ballantyne Hotel & Lodge, York Room, 10000 Ballantyne Commons Parkway, Charlotte, NC 28277.
On December 18, 2017, we entered into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, including the Plan of Merger included therein (together, as may be amended from time

to time, the “merger agreement”) with Campbell Soup Company, a New Jersey corporation (“Campbell”), and Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a North Carolina corporation and
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which Campbell will acquire the Company by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and
into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity following the merger and as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell (the “merger”).
At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon:

If the merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $50.00 in cash, without interest and less any required tax withholding, for each share of our common
stock that you own.

After due consideration and discussion, our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, has (i) determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, (ii) approved, adopted
and declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger and (iii) recommended approval of the
merger agreement by our shareholders. Our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the proposal to approve
the merger agreement, (2) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (3) “FOR” the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the special meeting, the merger agreement and the merger. A copy of the merger agreement is
attached as Annex A to the accompanying proxy statement. The proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of our Board in connection with its
evaluation of the merger agreement and the merger. We encourage you to read the proxy statement and its annexes, including the merger agreement, carefully and in
their entirety. You may also obtain more information about the Company from documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) from time
to time.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT. The merger cannot be completed unless the merger agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders
of 75% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. EVEN IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE REQUEST THAT
YOU AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY TO VOTE YOUR SHARES BY EITHER MARKING, SIGNING, DATING AND PROMPTLY RETURNING THE
PROXY CARD OR SUBMITTING YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS BY TELEPHONE OR INTERNET. If you are a shareholder of record
and attend the special meeting and desire to vote in person, you may do so even though you have previously sent a proxy. The failure to vote, or an abstention
from voting, will have exactly the same effect as voting against the proposal to approve the merger agreement.

If your shares are held in “street name,” you should instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, following the procedures provided by your broker.
Your broker may be unable to vote your shares without instructions from you. The failure to instruct your broker on how to vote your shares could have
exactly the same effect as voting against the proposal to approve the merger agreement.

If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares, please contact our proxy solicitor:

1290 Avenue of the Americas, 9  Floor 
New York, NY 10104 

Banks, Brokers and Shareholders 
Call Toll Free: (877) 255-0134 

Via Email: SnydersLance@georgeson.com

Sincerely,

Brian J. Driscoll 
President and Chief Executive Officer

The merger agreement and the merger have not been approved or disapproved by the SEC or any state securities commission. Neither the SEC nor any
state securities commission has passed upon the merits or fairness of the merger or upon the adequacy or accuracy of the information contained in this
document or the accompanying proxy statement. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

The accompanying proxy statement is dated February 20, 2018 and is first being mailed to shareholders on or about February 20, 2018.

th



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 3/191

(1) a proposal to approve the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2017 entered into among the Company, Campbell Soup Company, a
New Jersey corporation (“Campbell”), and Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a North Carolina corporation and indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell
(“Merger Sub”), including the Plan of Merger included therein, each as may be amended from time to time (together, the “merger agreement”). Pursuant to
the merger agreement, Campbell will acquire the Company by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company on the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth in the merger agreement, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity following the merger and as an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Campbell (the “merger”);

(2) a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the merger agreement (the “Adjournment Proposal”); and

(3) a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the payment of certain compensation and benefits to our named executive officers that is based on
or otherwise relates to the merger, which they will or may be entitled to receive from the Company (or its successor) (the “Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal”).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC. 
13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 
To be held on March 23, 2018 

9:00 a.m. Eastern Time

Notice is hereby given that the special meeting of shareholders (the “special meeting”) of Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (the “Company”),
will be held at The Ballantyne Hotel & Lodge, York Room, 10000 Ballantyne Commons Parkway, Charlotte, NC 28277, on March 23, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time,
to consider and vote upon:

The foregoing matters are more fully described in the attached proxy statement, which forms a part of this notice and is incorporated herein by reference.
Our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the proposal to approve the merger agreement, (2)

“FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (3) “FOR” the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.
Under the NCBCA, in connection with the merger, shareholders have no right to demand appraisal of their shares of the Company’s common stock and obtain

payment in cash for the fair value of such shares. See “Appraisal Rights” on page 86.
Pursuant to our restated articles of incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the close of

business on the record date is required to approve the merger agreement. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders of our common stock present at
the special meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the special meeting is required to approve the Adjournment Proposal and the non-binding,
advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT, regardless of the number of shares that you own. The merger cannot be completed unless the merger agreement
is approved by the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the outstanding shares of our common stock. EVEN IF YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL
MEETING IN PERSON, WE REQUEST THAT YOU AUTHORIZE YOUR PROXY TO VOTE YOUR SHARES BY EITHER MARKING, SIGNING,
DATING AND PROMPTLY RETURNING THE PROXY CARD OR SUBMITTING YOUR PROXY OR VOTING INSTRUCTIONS BY TELEPHONE OR
INTERNET. If you are a shareholder of record and attend the special meeting and desire to vote in person, you may do so even though you have previously
sent a proxy. The failure to vote, or an abstention from voting, either in person or by proxy, will have exactly the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the
proposal to approve the merger agreement.

If you attend the special meeting in person and fail to vote in person by ballot and have not previously authorized your proxy to vote your shares as described
above, that will be treated as an abstention. Abstentions will have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement. However,
abstentions will have no effect on the result of the vote on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal. Abstentions
will be considered present for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

If your shares are held in “street name,” you should instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, following the procedures provided by your broker. Your
broker may be unable to vote your shares without instructions from you. The failure to instruct your broker on how to vote your shares could have exactly the same
effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement.

Any proxy may be revoked at any time prior to its exercise by (i) giving written notice to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 13515
Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, (ii) completing and submitting a new proxy card bearing
a later date (in any of the permitted forms), or (iii) voting in person at the special meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other agent, you must
follow instructions received from such broker, bank or agent with this proxy statement in order to revoke your vote or to vote in person at the special meeting.

Only shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 16, 2018, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting or at any postponement or
adjournment thereof. A list of shareholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available in our offices located at 13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte,
North Carolina 28277, during regular business hours for a period commencing two business days after notice of the special meeting is given and continuing through
such special meeting and at the place of the special meeting during the meeting.

By order of the Board of Directors,

Gail Sharps Myers 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Charlotte, North Carolina 
February 20, 2018



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 4/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

SUMMARY 1
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER 12
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 20
PARTIES TO THE MERGER 22
THE SPECIAL MEETING 23

Time and Place of the Special Meeting 23
Purpose of the Special Meeting 23
Record Date, Notice and Quorum 23
Who Can Vote at the Special Meeting 24
Vote Required 24
How You Can Vote 24
Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons 25
How You May Revoke or Change Your Vote 25
Proxy Solicitation 25
Adjournments of the Special Meeting 26

PROPOSAL NO. 1 27
APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 27

THE MERGER 27
Merger Consideration 27
Treatment of Options and Other Equity-Based Awards 28
Treatment of Purchase Rights under 2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan 28
Background of the Merger 28
Reasons for the Merger 38
Recommendation of Our Board 41
Unaudited Prospective Financial Information 42
Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 43
Financing of the Merger 53
Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger 53
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences 60
Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock 63
Governmental and Regulatory Approvals 63
Litigation Relating to the Merger 63
Anticipated Closing of the Merger 64

THE MERGER AGREEMENT 65
The Merger 65
Effective Time; Closing 65
Merger Consideration 65
Appraisal Rights 65
Treatment of Equity Awards 66
Surrender of Stock Certificates; Payment of Merger Consideration; Lost Certificates 66
Directors and Officers 67

i



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 5/191

Annex A: Agreement and Plan of Merger among Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., Campbell Soup Company
and Trust Merger Sub, Inc. dated as of December 18, 2017

Annex B: Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Representations and Warranties 67
Covenants 70
Shareholders Meeting 76
Efforts to Consummate the Merger; Regulatory Matters 77
Financing of the Merger 77
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 78
Termination of the Merger Agreement 79
Fees and Expenses 80
Termination Fees 80
Indemnification and Insurance 81
Benefits Matters 82
Additional Agreements 83
Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement 83

PROPOSAL NO. 2 84
ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL 84
Recommendation of Our Board 84

PROPOSAL NO. 3 85
ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION PROPOSAL 85
Recommendation of Our Board 85

APPRAISAL RIGHTS 86
MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA 87
SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 88
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS 91
HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS 91
WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 92
OTHER MATTERS 93

A-1
B-1

ii



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 6/191

• Parties to the Merger (Page 22)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement with respect to the special meeting,
the merger agreement and the merger, and it may not contain all of the information that is important to you.
Accordingly, we encourage you to read carefully this entire proxy statement, its appendices and the documents
referred to or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. You may obtain the information incorporated
by reference into this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions in the section entitled “Where
You Can Find Additional Information” on page 92.

In this proxy statement, the terms “we,” “us,” “our” “Snyder’s-Lance” and the “Company” refer to
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. and its subsidiaries. We refer to Campbell Soup Company as “Campbell” and Twist Merger
Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub.” We refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2017,
among the Company, Campbell and Merger Sub, including the Plan of Merger included therein, each as may be
amended from time to time, together as the “merger agreement.” We refer to the special meeting of shareholders
as the “special meeting.” The Board of Directors of the Company is referred to as our “Board.” The special
negotiating committee of the Board of Directors of the Company is referred to as the “Special Committee.”

Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277 
(704) 554-1421

The Company is a North Carolina corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. We are engaged
in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of snack food products. These products include pretzels,
sandwich crackers, kettle cooked chips, pretzel crackers, cookies, potato chips, tortilla chips, restaurant style
crackers, popcorn, nuts and other salty snacks. The Company’s common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global
Select Market under the symbol “LNCE”. See “Parties to the Merger — Snyder’s-Lance” beginning on page 22
of this proxy statement.

Additional information about Snyder’s-Lance is contained in our public filings with the SEC that are
incorporated by reference herein. See “Where You Can Find Additional Information” beginning on page92 of this
proxy statement.

Campbell Soup Company
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799 
(856) 342-4800

Campbell is a New Jersey corporation headquartered in Camden, New Jersey. Campbell is a manufacturer
and marketer of high-quality, branded food and beverage products. Campbell’s common stock is listed on the
New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CPB”. See “Parties to the Merger — Campbell Soup Company”
beginning on page 22 of this proxy statement.

Twist Merger Sub, Inc.
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799 
(856) 342-4800

Merger Sub is a North Carolina corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell. Merger
Sub was formed solely for the purpose of facilitating Campbell’s acquisition of the Company and has not
engaged in any operations other than in connection with its formation and the negotiation and execution of the
merger agreement.

1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 7/191

• The Special Meeting (Page 23)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Time and Place of the Special Meeting (Page 23)

The special meeting will be held on March 23, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, at The Ballantyne Hotel &
Lodge, York Room, 10000 Ballantyne Commons Parkway, Charlotte, NC 28277.

Purpose of the Special Meeting (Page 23)

The purpose of the special meeting is for our shareholders to consider and vote upon (1) a proposal to
approve the merger agreement; (2) a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate,
including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve
the merger agreement (the “Adjournment Proposal”, as described in the section entitled “Proposal No. 2 — 
Adjournment Proposal” beginning on page 84); and (3) a proposal, on a non-binding, advisory basis, to approve
the payment of certain compensation to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the
merger, which they will or may be entitled to receive from the Company (or its successor) (the “Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal”, as described in the section entitled “The Merger — Interests of Directors and Executive
Officers in the Merger — Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers”
beginning on page 58).

Record Date, Notice and Quorum (Page 23)

You are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of our outstanding
common stock at the close of business on February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting. As of the
record date, there were 98,304,911 shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to be voted at the special
meeting.

A quorum is required for shareholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The presence, in person or
represented by proxy, of the holders of shares entitled to a majority of votes entitled to be cast is necessary to
establish a quorum at the meeting. Abstentions are counted as present for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present.

If a shareholder who holds their shares through a bank, broker or other nominee does not give instructions to
the bank, broker or other nominee as to how to vote the shares, the bank, broker or other nominee has authority
under applicable stock exchange rules to vote those shares for or against “routine” proposals. However, banks,
brokers and other nominees without discretionary authority cannot vote on their customers’ behalf on “non-
routine” proposals. All of the proposals to be considered at this special meeting are “non-routine.” Accordingly, if
a bank, broker or other nominee does not receive voting instructions from you a “broker non-vote” will occur.
Shares that are subject to broker non-votes are considered not entitled to vote, and therefore will not count toward
determining whether or not a quorum is present at the meeting and will be ignored for purposes of determining
the outcome of any vote on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal. However, a broker non-vote will have the same effect as a vote against approval of
the merger agreement.

Each of the “FOR”, “AGAINST” and “ABSTAIN” categories will be tabulated separately. In the event that
a quorum is not present at the special meeting, we expect that the meeting will be postponed or adjourned to
solicit additional proxies, and the persons named as proxies may propose and vote for one or more postponements
or adjournments of the special meeting.

Who Can Vote at the Special Meeting (Page 24)

If on the record date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent,
Computershare Investor Services, LLC, then you are a shareholder of record. As a shareholder of record, you
may vote in person at the meeting or vote by proxy. If on that date, your shares were held in an account at a
brokerage firm, bank, dealer or similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street
name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your
account is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the special meeting. As a beneficial
owner of shares held in “street name,” you have the right to direct your broker or other

2



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 8/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agent on how to vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the special meeting. However, if
your shares are held in “street name,” you are not the shareholder of record, and you may not vote your shares in
person at the meeting unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent.

Vote Required (Page 24)

Pursuant to our restated articles of incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock as of the close of business on the record date is required to approve the
merger agreement and consummate the merger. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders of
our common stock present at the special meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the special
meeting is required to approve the Adjournment Proposal and the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal. You may cast one vote for each share of our common stock you owned at the close of
business on the record date.

How You Can Vote (Page 24)
You can vote shares you hold of record by voting in person at the special meeting, by mailing the enclosed

proxy card, or by voting over the telephone or over the Internet. If your shares are held in “street name,” you
should instruct your broker on how to vote your shares, following the procedures provided by your broker. Your
broker may be unable to vote your shares without instructions from you. The failure to instruct your broker on
how to vote your shares could have exactly the same effect as voting against the proposal to approve the merger
agreement.

Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons (Page 25)

As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers of the
Company were entitled to vote approximately 13,727,178 shares of common stock, or approximately 14.0% of
the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on that date and entitled to vote at the special meeting. The
Company’s directors and executive officers have informed us that they intend to vote their shares in favor of the
proposal to approve the merger agreement and the other proposals to be considered at the special meeting,
although (other than the Warehime Holders, as defined below) they have no obligation to do so.

On December 18, 2017, certain trusts affiliated with Patricia A. Warehime, a member of our Board, and
members of her immediate family, each such trust being a shareholder of the Company (collectively, the
“Warehime Holders”), entered into a voting agreement with Campbell, pursuant to which the Warehime Holders
agreed, among other things, to vote the shares of Company common stock over which they have voting power in
favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger.
As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, the Warehime Holders owned 12,851,757
shares, or approximately 13.1% of the shares of Company common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the
special meeting.

How You May Revoke or Change Your Vote (Page 25)
You can change your vote in one of three ways at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting,

by (i) giving written notice to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 13515 Ballantyne
Corporate Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, (ii)
completing and submitting a new proxy card bearing a later date (in any of the permitted forms), or (iii) attending
the special meeting and voting in person. Simply attending the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy. If
your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other agent, you must follow instructions received from
such broker, bank or agent with this proxy statement in order to revoke your vote or to vote in person at the
special meeting.

Proxy Solicitation (Page 25)

We will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies and may reimburse brokerage firms and others for their
expenses in forwarding solicitation material to beneficial owners. Solicitation will be made primarily through the
use of the mail but our officers, directors and employees may, without additional

3



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 9/191

• The Merger (Page 27)

• you will no longer have any interest in our future earnings or growth;

• we will no longer be a public company;

• our common stock will no longer be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market; and

• we may no longer be required to file periodic and other reports with the SEC.

• Merger Consideration (Page 27)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

compensation, solicit proxies personally by telephone, facsimile, mail or the Internet or in person. We have
retained Georgeson LLC (“Georgeson”) to assist us in soliciting proxies using the means referred to above. We
will pay the fees of Georgeson, which we expect to be approximately $10,000, plus reimbursement of certain out-
of-pocket expenses.

Adjournments of the Special Meeting (Page 26)

We are asking our shareholders to consider and vote upon a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if
necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the Adjournment Proposal.

If the special meeting is postponed or adjourned for any reason, including to solicit additional proxies,
shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use.
Even if there is no quorum at the opening of the special meeting, the special meeting may be adjourned by the
vote of a majority of the shares voting on the motion to adjourn. For more information, see the section entitled
“Adjournment Proposal” on page 84.

We are asking our shareholders to consider and vote upon the proposal to approve the merger agreement,
pursuant to which Campbell will acquire the Company by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity following the merger as an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Campbell. Our Board is providing this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy to
holders of our common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies for use at the special meeting.

The full text of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. We urge you to read
the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety. If our shareholders approve the merger agreement and the
merger is completed as contemplated by the merger agreement, you will be entitled to receive $50.00 in cash,
without interest and less any required tax withholding, for each share of our common stock that you own, and:

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding (i) share of our common stock (other than (y) shares
owned directly by Campbell or Merger Sub and (z) shares owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, in each case of  (y) and (z) other than shares held in fiduciary or agency capacity that
are beneficially owned by third parties) will automatically be converted into the right to receive $50.00 in cash,
without interest and less any required tax withholding; (ii) vested and unvested time-vesting options shall become
fully vested and exercisable (other than options granted pursuant to the Company’s 2012 Associate Stock
Purchase Plan (the “ASPP”)) and all performance-vesting options under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise
Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective
time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement; each option that is outstanding and vested
as of the effective time shall be cancelled and the holders will be entitled to receive the merger consideration of 
$50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less the applicable exercise price, and less any required tax
withholding; (iii) share of unvested restricted stock shall vest (to the extent unvested) such that (1) all time-based
restrictions shall lapse in accordance with applicable terms and conditions of such restricted stock award, and
(2) all performance-vesting restricted stock awards granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan
shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the
effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement and each share of restricted
stock will be cancelled and the holders of each vested share of restricted stock will be entitled to receive the
merger

4



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 10/191

• Treatment of Options and Other Equity-Based Awards (Page 28)

• Treatment of Purchase Rights under 2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan (Page 28)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less any required tax withholding; and
(iv) unvested restricted stock unit (including performance-based restricted stock unit grants) shall vest in
accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such restricted stock unit such that (1) all time-vesting
restricted stock units shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and all time-vesting restrictions shall lapse and
(2) all performance-vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be payable assuming all performance-vesting
conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-rated based on the number of days in the
performance period preceding the closing date and the holders of each vested restricted stock unit shall be
entitled to receive the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less any required tax
withholding. No such shares of our common stock outstanding prior to the effective time of the merger will
remain outstanding after such effective time of the merger and all such shares will automatically be cancelled and
will cease to exist at the effective time of the merger. The price of  $50.00 per share in cash was determined
through arm’s-length negotiations between us and Campbell.

Options.   At the effective time of the merger, each option (other than pursuant to the ASPP) that is
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, shall vest in accordance with the terms
applicable to the option such that (i) all time-vesting options shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and (ii) all
performance-vesting options granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the
actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the
parties in the merger agreement. Each option that is outstanding and vested as of the effective time will be
cancelled in exchange for a lump-sum cash payment equal to the product of  (1) the number of shares of common
stock for which such option has not been exercised and (2) the excess, if any, of the merger consideration of 
$50.00 per share over the exercise price per share of such option, less any required tax withholding. Each option
with an exercise price equal to or greater than the merger consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger without payment of any consideration.

Restricted Stock.   At the effective time of the merger, each share of restricted stock (including performance-
based restricted stock awards) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, shall vest
(to the extent unvested), such that (i) all time-based restrictions will lapse in accordance with applicable terms
and conditions of such restricted stock award and (ii) all performance-based vesting restricted stock awards
granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest and be payable based on the actual level
of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties
in the merger agreement. Upon such vesting, each share of common stock underlying each restricted stock award
shall be treated as common stock for purposes of the merger agreement, including as to any required tax
withholding.

Restricted Stock Units.   At the effective time of the merger, each restricted stock unit (including
performance-based restricted stock unit grants) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, shall vest (to the extent unvested), in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such
restricted stock unit such that (i) all time-vesting restricted stock units shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and
all time-vesting restrictions shall lapse and (ii) all performance-vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be
payable assuming all performance-vesting conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-
rated based on the number of days in the performance period preceding the closing date. All restricted stock units
outstanding as of the effective time shall be cancelled and in exchange for each restricted stock unit, each holder
thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax
withholding, equal to the product of  (1) the merger consideration of $50.00 per share multiplied by (2) the
number of shares of common stock subject to such restricted stock unit.

Our Board will take any action required so that (i) participation in the ASPP shall be limited to those
employees who are participants on the date of the merger agreement, (ii) participants may not increase their
payroll deduction elections or rate of contributions from those in effect on the date of the merger agreement, and
(iii) the ASPP shall terminate, effective upon the first purchase date following the date of

5



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 11/191

• Reasons for the Merger (Page 38) and Recommendation of Our Board (Page 41)

• Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC (Page 43)

• Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (Page 53)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the merger agreement, but subsequent to the exercise of purchase rights on such purchase date (in accordance
with the terms of the ASPP).

Our Board considered a number of factors in making its determination that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
shareholders. Among others, the Board considered that the merger consideration will be paid in cash providing
certainty, immediate value and liquidity to our shareholders and that a price of  $50.00 per share in cash
represents a premium of approximately 27% to the closing price of our common stock on December 13, 2017, the
last trading day before media reports were issued regarding a potential transaction. Our Board also identified and
considered a number of countervailing factors and risks to the Company and its shareholders relating to the
merger and the merger agreement, including, among others, the possibility that the merger may not be completed
and the potential adverse consequences to the Company as a result and the fact that, if the merger is completed,
our shareholders will not participate in any future earnings or growth of the Company as an independent
company and will not benefit from any future appreciation in the value of the Company. See the section entitled
“The Merger — Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 38 for detailed description of our Board’s reasons for
the merger.

After due consideration and discussion of the factors described above, our Board (i) determined that the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are fair to
and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders, (ii) approved, adopted and declared advisable the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, on the terms
and subject to the conditions in the merger agreement, and (iii) recommended approval of the merger agreement
by our shareholders.

Our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the
proposal to approve the merger agreement, (2) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (3) “FOR” the non-
binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

At the meeting at which the Board voted to approve the proposed transaction, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC,
which we refer to as “Goldman Sachs,” rendered to the Board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing,
to the effect that, as of December 18, 2017, and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in
Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and
its affiliates) of the shares of Company common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial
point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated December 18, 2017, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, qualifications and limitations on the review
undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B. Goldman
Sachs’ advisory services and opinion were provided for the information and assistance of the Board in
connection with its consideration of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any holder of shares of Company common stock should vote with respect to the
proposed transaction or any other matter. Pursuant to an engagement letter between the Company and
Goldman Sachs, the Company has agreed to pay Goldman Sachs a transaction fee of approximately
$37 million, all of which is contingent upon consummation of the transaction.

For more information, see “The Merger — Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC” and Annex B.

In considering the recommendation, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, of our Board that you
vote in favor of the approval of the merger agreement, you should be aware that certain of our directors and
executive officers may have interests in the merger that are different from, or are in addition to, the interests of
the Company and its shareholders generally. Our Board was aware of these potential conflicts of interest during
its deliberations on the merits of the merger and in making its decision to approve the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. These interests

6



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 12/191

• Benefits Matters (Page 82)

• No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals (Page 72)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

include, but are not limited to, accelerated vesting of outstanding equity-based awards granted prior to execution
of the merger agreement, the receipt of severance and other separation benefits in the event of certain
terminations of employment on or following the consummation of the merger, and continuation of
indemnification rights and coverage under our directors’ and officers’ liability insurance policies. Our
shareholders should be aware of these interests when considering our Board’s recommendation, by the
unanimous vote of all directors voting, to approve the merger agreement.

Under the merger agreement, Campbell, from the effective time through July 31, 2019, is required to
provide employees of the Company who are employed at the effective time and remain employed by the
Company, Campbell or their respective subsidiaries with (i) base salary or wages, annual cash bonus or cash
incentive compensation opportunities and employee benefits that are in the aggregate no less favorable than what
was provided to such employees immediately prior to the effective time (excluding the 2017 Enterprise Incentive
Plan (but including the value of other equity compensation), deferred compensation and stock purchase plans)
and (ii) severance benefits that are no less favorable than those described in the merger agreement. In addition,
Campbell is generally required to (a) recognize each such continuing employee’s service with the Company for
purposes of the benefit plans such continuing employee is entitled to participate in and (b) waive any eligibility,
pre-existing condition limitation or waiting period requirements of such benefit plans for such continuing
employee. The merger agreement provides that the effect of the merger shall be a “change in control” or “change
of control” of the Company for purposes of any applicable Company employee benefit plan.

Campbell agrees to pay each participant in the Company’s 2018 annual cash incentive plans who is
employed by the Company on the closing date of the merger the pro-rated amount of each such participant’s
target incentive opportunity no later than 30 days following the closing date. Additionally, each cash performance
award granted pursuant to the Company’s 2015, 2016 or 2017 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan for
Officers and Key Managers that was outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement shall vest pro-rata based
on the portion of the performance period that occurs prior to the closing date and all performance-based vesting
conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied at the greater of target or actual level of performance as of
immediately prior to the effective time, and each cash performance award granted under the Company’s 2017
Enterprise Incentive Plan that was outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement, and remains outstanding as
of the effective time shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on
or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement. In exchange for
cancellation of each such cash performance award, each holder thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to
receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to such cash performance award, less any required tax
withholding.

We have agreed in the merger agreement, between the date of the merger agreement and the effective time,
to certain limitations on our ability to take action with respect to alternative acquisition transactions.
Notwithstanding these limitations, the merger agreement provides that, at any time prior to obtaining the requisite
Company shareholder vote for the approval of the merger agreement, we may consider and discuss with a third
party an acquisition proposal if our Board determines in good faith, after considering advice from our outside
legal counsel and financial advisor, (i) that such acquisition proposal constitutes, or could reasonably be expected
to result in a superior proposal and (ii) that a failure to take such action would be reasonably likely to be
inconsistent with our directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable law, subject to the limitations and conditions set
forth in the merger agreement and as further detailed in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — No
Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Board Recommendation” beginning on page 72.

Our Board may (i) withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify in a manner adverse to Campbell, or publicly
propose to withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify in a manner adverse to Campbell, a recommendation by our
Board to our shareholders to approve the merger agreement (the “Company Board Recommendation”), (ii) fail to
include the Company Board Recommendation in this proxy statement or (iii) approve or recommend, or publicly
propose to approve or recommend an acquisition proposal (the “change in

7



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 13/191

• Conditions to the Closing of the Merger (Page 78)

• Governmental and Regulatory Approvals (Page 63)

• Termination of the Merger Agreement (Page 79)

• by mutual written consent of the Company and Campbell;

• if the merger has not occurred on or before September 18, 2018 (the “end date”);

• there shall be any applicable injunction issued by a court of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the
consummation of the merger (whether before or after shareholder approval has been obtained) and such
injunction shall have become final and non-appealable; or

• the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders has not been obtained at the special meeting
or any adjournment or postponement thereof at which a vote on the proposal to approve the merger
agreement was taken.

• if our Board prior to the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders at the special meeting or
any adjournment or postponement thereof shall have made a change of recommendation with respect to
the proposal to approve the merger agreement, shall have failed under certain circumstances to reject an
alternative acquisition proposal or publicly reconfirm the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

recommendation”), whether in connection with a superior proposal, or otherwise, if our Board determines in good
faith, after considering advice from its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that the failure to take such
action would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, and if the
Company has given Campbell notice of the superior proposal and negotiated with Campbell in good faith for
certain specified time periods, after which the Board, or a committee thereof, determines in good faith that the
superior proposal would continue to constitute a superior proposal giving effect to all changes proposed by
Campbell. However, unless and until the merger agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms, the merger
agreement and the merger will be submitted to our shareholders at the special meeting notwithstanding any
change in recommendation. Additional limitations and conditions to the change in recommendation are described
in detail in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Board
Recommendation” beginning on page 72.

The respective obligations of the Company, Campbell and Merger Sub to effect the merger are subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of certain customary conditions, including the approval of the merger agreement by our
shareholders, expiration (or earlier termination) of the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust
Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), which was satisfied on February 2, 2018 when the
waiting period was terminated, the absence of any legal prohibitions, the accuracy of the representations and
warranties of the parties, and compliance by the parties with their respective obligations under the merger
agreement and as further detailed in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — Conditions to the Closing of
the Merger” beginning on page 78).

Under the merger agreement, the merger cannot be completed until (i) the applicable waiting period under
the HSR Act has expired or been terminated which was satisfied on February 2, 2018 when the waiting period
was terminated, and (ii) no judgment, injunction, order or decree of a governmental authority shall have been
entered and continue to be in effect and no provision of any applicable law shall have been adopted, in each case,
that prohibits, enjoins or makes illegal the consummation of the merger. Additional limitations and conditions to
the required efforts to receive governmental and regulatory approvals are described in detail in the section
entitled “The Merger Agreement — Efforts to Consummate the Merger; Regulatory Matters” beginning on page
63.

The Company or Campbell may terminate the merger agreement under the following circumstances,
provided that the right to terminate the merger agreement under the second, third and fourth circumstance below
is not available to any party whose breach of any provision of the merger agreement has been the primary cause
of the failure of the merger to be consummated by such time:

Campbell may terminate the merger agreement under the following circumstances:

8



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 14/191

• if there shall have been a breach of any representation or warranty by the Company or any
representation or warranty by the Company shall have become untrue after the date of the merger
agreement or a failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of the Company set forth in
the merger agreement such that the conditions to Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s obligation to
consummate the merger would not be satisfied (and such breach of condition or failure to be true is not
curable or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of  (i) 30 days after written notice thereof is given
by Campbell to the Company or (ii) the date that is three business days prior to the end date), provided
that the right to terminate the merger agreement under this circumstance will not be available to
Campbell if Campbell or Merger Sub is then in breach of the merger agreement such that a condition to
the Company’s obligation to consummate the merger would not be satisfied.

• prior to the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders at the special meeting or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, in order to enter into a definitive acquisition agreement
providing for a superior proposal, subject to the terms and conditions of the non-solicitation provisions
and related notice procedures in the merger agreement and payment of the applicable termination fee;

• if there shall have been a breach of any representation or warranty by Campbell or Merger Sub or any
representation or warranty by Campbell or Merger Sub shall have become untrue after the date of the
merger agreement or a failure to perform any covenant or agreement on the part of Campbell or Merger
Sub set forth in the merger agreement such that the conditions to the Company’s obligation to
consummate the merger would not be satisfied (and such breach of condition or failure to be true is not
curable or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of (i) 30 days after written notice thereof is given
by the Company to Campbell or (ii) the date that is three business days prior to the end date), provided
that the right to terminate the merger agreement under this circumstance will not be available to the
Company if the Company is then in breach of the merger agreement such that a condition to
Campbell’s or Merger Sub’s obligations to consummate the merger would not be satisfied; or

• if the conditions to the merger that are required to be satisfied prior to closing have been satisfied or
waived and the Company notifies Campbell of the Company’s intent to terminate the merger agreement
if Campbell fails to consummate the merger and Campbell and Merger Sub then fail to consummate the
merger within two business days after the date closing should have occurred following receipt of such
notice from the Company.

• Termination Fees (Page 80)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

recommendation of our Board in favor of approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders or the
Company failed to comply in all material respects with its obligations (i) to prepare and file the proxy
statement related to, and hold, the special meeting or (ii) under the non-solicitation provisions of the
merger agreement; or

The Company may terminate the merger agreement under the following circumstances:

More information can be found in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger
Agreement” on page 79.

Upon termination of the merger agreement, under certain specified circumstances, the Company may be
obligated to pay to Campbell a termination fee of  $149,000,000. Under certain circumstances, Campbell may be
required to pay the Company a reverse termination fee of  $198,600,000 pursuant to the terms and conditions of
the merger agreement. Additionally, upon termination of the merger agreement under certain circumstances in
which antitrust approvals are not obtained, Campbell will be required to pay the Company a regulatory
termination fee of  $50,000,000. More information can be found in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement 
— Termination Fees” below.

9



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 15/191

• Financing of the Merger (Page 77)

• Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences (Page 60)

• Litigation Related to the Merger (Page 63)

• Anticipated Closing of the Merger (Page 64)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In connection with entering into the merger agreement, Campbell entered into a bridge commitment letter,
dated as of December 18, 2017 (referred to in this proxy statement as the “debt commitment letter”), with Credit
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, (which we collectively refer to as
the “Commitment Parties”). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the debt commitment letter, the Commitment
Parties committed to provide to Campbell up to $6.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured
term loans in connection with the financing of the amounts payable pursuant to the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby. On December 29, 2017, Campbell, the Commitment Parties and the lenders
party thereto entered into a $1.2 billion unsecured term loan facility contemplated by the debt commitment letter,
resulting in a corresponding, permanent reduction to the commitments with respect to the bridge facility. We have
agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts, and to cause our subsidiaries and our representatives to use
commercially reasonable efforts, to cooperate with Campbell as necessary and customary in connection with
Campbell’s efforts to arrange the financing contemplated by the debt commitment letter or any permanent
financing incurred or issued in lieu thereof. The merger agreement provides, however, that obtaining the
financing contemplated by the debt commitment letter or any permanent financing is not a condition to
Campbell’s or Merger Sub’s obligations to close the merger. For more information, see “The Merger Agreement 
— Financing of the Merger.”

In general, your receipt of the merger consideration will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax
purposes if you are a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger — Material U.S. Federal
Income Tax Consequences” beginning on page 60). If you are a U.S. Holder, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, you will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of
cash received pursuant to the merger and your adjusted basis in the shares surrendered. If you are a Non-U.S.
Holder (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger — Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”
beginning on page 60), you will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with respect to the exchange
of our common stock for cash in the merger unless you have certain connections with the United States. The tax
consequences of the merger to you will depend upon your own particular circumstances. You should consult your
tax advisor in order to fully understand the tax consequences of the merger to you.

Four putative class action lawsuits related to the proposed merger have been filed by purported stockholders
of Snyder’s-Lance. These lawsuits (together, the “Actions”) captioned Shaev v. Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al. (Case
No.3:18-cv-00039) (the “Shaev Action”), Sciabacucchi v. Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al. (Case No. 3:18-cv-00049-
RJCDCK) (the “Sciabacucchi Action”), Kendall v. Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al. (Case No. 3:18-cv-00051) (the
“Kendall Action”), and Daniel v. Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al. (Case No. 3:18-cv-00058) (the “Daniel Action”)
were filed in the United States District Court for the Western District of North Carolina on January 25, 2018,
January 29, 2018, January 30, 2018, and January 31, 2018, respectively. The Actions name as defendants
Snyder’s-Lance and the members of the Snyder’s-Lance Board, and allege that the defendants filed a materially
incomplete and misleading proxy statement on Schedule 14A in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”) and SEC Rule 14a-9. Additionally, the
Sciabacucchi Action names Campbell as a defendant, and alleges that Campbell violated Section 20(a) of the
Exchange Act. The Kendall Action seeks to enjoin the shareholder vote on the proposed merger, and the Shaev,
Sciabacucchi, and Daniel Actions seek to enjoin the defendants from proceeding with or consummating the
proposed merger or, in the event the merger is consummated, request that the Court issue an order rescinding the
merger and/or awarding rescissory damages. Additionally, the Shaev and Kendall Actions seek that the Court
direct defendants to account for alleged damages, and all the Actions seek attorneys’ and expert fees and
expenses. The time for the defendants to move or answer has not yet expired in any of the Actions. The Company
believes the Actions are without merit.

We intend to complete the closing of the merger promptly after all of the conditions to consummation of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders.

10



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 16/191

• Appraisal Rights (Page 86)

• Market Price (Page 87)

• Additional Information (Page 92)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

We currently expect the merger to be completed in the first half of calendar 2018, although we cannot assure
completion by any particular date, if at all. We will issue a press release and letters of transmittal for your use
once the merger has been completed.

In accordance with Section 55-13-02 of the North Carolina Business Corporation Act (as amended, the
“NCBCA”), the shareholders of the Company are not entitled to assert appraisal rights in connection with the
merger.

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “LNCE”. On
December 13, 2017, the last full trading day before media reports regarding a potential transaction, our common
stock closed at $39.41 per share. On February 16, 2018, which was the most recent practicable date before the
filing of this proxy statement, our common stock closed at $49.95 per share. We encourage you to obtain current
market quotations for our common stock in connection with voting your shares.

You can find more information about the Company in the periodic reports and other information we file with
the SEC. The information is available at the SEC’s public reference facilities and at the website maintained by the
SEC at https://www.sec.gov. For a more detailed description of the additional information available, please see
the section entitled “Where You Can Find Additional Information” on page 92.

11



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 17/191

Q: Why am I receiving these materials?

A: On December 18, 2017, the Company entered into the merger agreement with Campbell and Merger Sub.
You are receiving this proxy statement as a shareholder of the Company in connection with the solicitation
of proxies by our Board in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the other matters to be voted
on at the special meeting described below under “— What am I voting on at the special meeting?” The
merger cannot be completed unless the merger agreement is approved by shareholders holding at least 75%
of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting.

Q: What am I voting on at the special meeting?

A: At the special meeting, you are voting on the following three proposals: (i) a proposal to approve the merger
agreement; (ii) the Adjournment Proposal; and (iii) the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal.

Q: How does the Board recommend that I vote?

A: Our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the proposal
to approve the merger agreement, (ii) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (iii) “FOR” the non-binding,
advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

Q: How do the Company’s directors and officers intend to vote?

A: The Company’s directors and executive officers have informed us that they intend to vote their shares of
Company common stock in favor of the proposal to approve the merger agreement and the other proposals
to be considered at the special meeting, although (other than the Warehime Holders) they have no obligation
to do so. As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, our directors and executive
officers owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate, approximately 13,727,178 shares of Company
common stock, or approximately 14.0% of the outstanding shares of Company common stock entitled to
vote at the special meeting.

Q: Have any shareholders already agreed to approve the merger?

A: Yes. On December 18, 2017, the Warehime Holders entered into a voting agreement with Campbell,
pursuant to which the Warehime Holders agreed, among other things, to vote the shares of Company
common stock over which they have voting power in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger. As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the
special meeting, the Warehime Holders owned 12,851,757 shares, or approximately 13.1% of the shares of
Company common stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. The voting agreement also
contains certain restrictions on the transfer of shares of common stock by Warehime Holders. See the section
of this proxy statement entitled “The Merger — Voting Agreement.”

Q: What is the proposed merger and what effects will it have on the Company?

A: If approved by our shareholders, pursuant to the merger agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into the
Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity following the merger as an indirect wholly
owned subsidiary of Campbell.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC. 
PROXY STATEMENT FOR THE 

SPECIAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding (i) share of our common stock (other than (y) shares
owned directly by Campbell or Merger Sub and (z) shares owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, in each case of  (y) and (z) other than shares held in fiduciary or agency capacity
that are beneficially owned by third parties) will automatically be converted into the right to receive $50.00
in cash, without interest and less any required tax

12



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 18/191

Q: What will I receive in the merger?
A: Upon completion of the merger, you will receive $50.00 in cash, without interest and less any required tax

withholding, for each share of our common stock you own (excluding common stock subject to forfeiture
restrictions). For example, if you own 1,000 shares of our common stock, you will receive $50,000 in cash
in exchange for your shares of common stock, less any required tax withholding. You will not own any
shares in the surviving corporation.

Q: Is the merger a taxable transaction to shareholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes?
A: The exchange of shares of our common stock for cash pursuant to the merger generally will be a taxable

transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes if you are a U.S. Holder (as defined in the section entitled
“The Merger — Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences”). If you are a U.S.Holder, for U.S.
federal income tax purposes, you will generally recognize capital gain or loss equal to the difference, if any,
between the amount of cash received pursuant to the merger and your adjusted tax basis in the shares
surrendered. If you are a Non-U.S. Holder (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger — Material U.S.
Federal Income Tax Consequences”), you will generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax with
respect to the exchange of our common stock for cash in the merger unless you have certain connections
with the United States. Under certain circumstances, we may be required to withhold a portion of your
merger consideration under applicable tax laws. See the section entitled “The Merger — Material U.S.
Federal Income Tax Consequences” beginning on page60 for a more detailed discussion of the U.S. federal
income tax consequences of the merger. Note that this proxy statement does not discuss the tax
consequences to shareholders of selling shares of our common stock prior to the completion of the merger.
The tax consequences of the merger to you will depend on your own particular circumstances. You should
consult your tax advisor in order to fully understand the tax consequences of the merger to you.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

withholding; (ii) vested and unvested time-vesting options shall become fully vested and exercisable (other
than options granted pursuant to the ASPP) and all performance-vesting options under the Company’s 2017
Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or
before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement; each option that
is outstanding and vested as of the effective time shall be cancelled and the holders will be entitled to receive
the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less the applicable exercise price,
and less any required tax withholding; (iii) share of unvested restricted stock shall vest (to the extent
unvested) such that (1) all time-based restrictions shall lapse in accordance with applicable terms and
conditions of such restricted stock award, and (2) all performance-vesting restricted stock awards granted
under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of
performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the
parties in the merger agreement and each share of restricted stock will be cancelled and the holders of each
vested share of restricted stock will be entitled to receive the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in
cash, without interest and less any required tax withholding; and (iv) unvested restricted stock unit
(including performance-based restricted stock unit grants) shall vest in accordance with the terms and
conditions applicable to such restricted stock unit such that (1) all time-vesting restricted stock units shall
fully vest (to the extent unvested) and all time-vesting restrictions shall lapse and (2) all performance-
vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be payable assuming all performance-vesting conditions have
been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-rated based on the number of days in the performance
period preceding the closing date and the holders of each vested restricted stock unit shall be entitled to
receive the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less any required tax
withholding. No such shares of our common stock outstanding prior to the effective time of the merger will
remain outstanding after such effective time of the merger and all such shares will automatically be
cancelled and will cease to exist at the effective time of the merger. The price of $50.00 per share in cash
was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between us and Campbell.

For additional information about the merger, please review the merger agreement attached to this proxy
statement as Annex A and incorporated by reference into this proxy statement. We encourage you to read the
merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, as it is the principal document governing the merger.

13



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 19/191

Q: Will the Company continue to pay dividends prior to the effective time of the merger?

A: As permitted by the merger agreement and subject to the approval of our Board, we currently expect to
continue to pay a regular quarterly dividend of  $0.16 per share of our common stock per quarter, with
record and payment dates consistent with the quarterly record and payment dates in 2017, until the last
business day before the closing of the merger. On February 7, 2018, our Board declared a dividend of $0.16
per share, to be paid on March 2, 2018 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 22,
2018.

Q: Where and when is the special meeting?

A: The special meeting will be held at The Ballantyne Hotel & Lodge, York Room, 10000 Ballantyne
Commons Parkway, Charlotte, NC 28277, on March 23, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time.

Q: Who is entitled to vote and how do I vote?
A: All shareholders of record at the close of business on February 16, 2018, the record date for the special

meeting, will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting. As of the close of business on the
record date, 98,304,911 shares of our common stock were outstanding. Each share is entitled to one vote on
each proposal presented at the special meeting.

Q: What if I submit a proxy and later change my mind?
A: If you have given your proxy and later wish to revoke it, you may do so at any time before your proxy is

voted at the special meeting, by (i) giving written notice to our Corporate Secretary at our principal
executive offices at 13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277, stating that you
would like to revoke your proxy, (ii) completing and submitting a new proxy card bearing a later date (in
any of the permitted forms), or (iii) attending the special meeting and voting in person. Simply attending the
meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy. If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other
agent, you must follow instructions received from such broker, bank or agent with this proxy statement in
order to revoke your vote or to vote in person at the special meeting.

Q: What is the difference between a shareholder of record and a beneficial owner of shares held in
“street name”?

A: Shareholder of Record.   If, on the record date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our
transfer agent, Computershare Investor Services, LLC, then you are a shareholder of record, and we sent the
proxy materials directly to you. As a shareholder of record, you may vote in person at the meeting or vote by
proxy.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Carefully read this document and indicate on the proxy card how you want to vote. Sign, date and mail your
proxy card in the enclosed return envelope as soon as possible. You may also vote electronically on the
Internet or by telephone as instructed in the materials. To ensure that your vote is recorded promptly, please
vote as soon as possible, even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person. Submitting your vote now
will not prevent you from later canceling or revoking your proxy, right up to the day of the special meeting,
and will ensure that your shares are voted if you later find you cannot attend the special meeting. IF YOU
DO NOT VOTE, THIS WILL HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS VOTING “AGAINST” THE
PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

Beneficial Owner of Shares Held in “Street Name.”   If, on the record date, your shares were held in an
account at a brokerage firm, bank, dealer or similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares
held in “street name,” and these proxy materials were forwarded to you by that organization. The
organization holding your account is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the
special meeting. As a beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker or other agent on how to
vote the shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the special meeting. However, if your shares
are held in “street name,” you are not the shareholder of record and you may not vote your shares in person
at the meeting unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from your broker or other agent. Shares of
common stock held in an individual retirement account must be voted under the rules governing the account.

14



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 20/191

Q: Will my shares held in “street name” or another form of ownership be combined for voting purposes
with shares I hold of record?

A: No. Because any shares you may hold in “street name” will be deemed to be held by a different shareholder
than any shares you hold of record, any shares so held will not be combined for voting purposes with shares
you hold of record. Similarly, if you own shares in various registered forms, such as jointly with your
spouse, as trustee of a trust or as custodian for a minor, you will receive, and will need to sign and return, a
separate proxy card for those shares because they are held in a different form of record ownership. Shares
held by a corporation or business entity must be voted by an authorized officer of the entity. Shares held in
an IRA must be voted under the rules governing the account. If you receive more than one proxy card
because you are a holder of record and your shares of our common stock are registered in more than one
name, please submit each proxy and voting instruction card that you receive.

Q: I share an address with another shareholder, and we received only one paper copy of the proxy
materials. How may I obtain an additional copy of the proxy materials?

A: We have adopted a procedure approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission called “householding.”
Under this procedure, shareholders of record who have the same address and last name and do not
participate in electronic delivery of proxy materials will receive only one copy of the proxy statement. This
procedure is intended to reduce our printing costs and postage fees.

Q: What constitutes a quorum for the meeting?

A: A quorum is required for shareholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The presence, in person or
represented by proxy, of the holders of shares entitled to a majority of votes entitled to be cast at the special
meeting is necessary to establish a quorum at the meeting. On the record date, there were 98,304,911 shares
of our common stock outstanding. Shares present, in person or by proxy, including shares abstaining as to
any proposal, will be considered present at the meeting and entitled to vote for purposes of establishing a
quorum for the transaction of business at the meeting.

Q: How are votes counted?

A: Each of the “FOR”, “AGAINST” and “ABSTAIN” categories will be tabulated separately. If you are a
shareholder of record and vote your shares by submitting a proxy, your shares will be voted at the special
meeting as you indicated on your proxy card. If no instructions are indicated on your signed proxy card, all
of your shares of common stock will be voted “FOR” the proposal to approve the merger agreement,
“FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal. However, if your shares are held in “street name,” and you

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If you or another shareholder of record with whom you share an address wish to receive a separate proxy
statement, we will promptly deliver it to you if you request it by calling Broadridge Financial Solutions,
Inc., toll-free in the United States at (866) 540-7095 or by writing to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.,
Attention: Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. If you or another
shareholder of record with whom you share an address are receiving multiple copies of the proxy statement,
you can request to receive a single copy of these materials in the future by contacting Broadridge Financial
Solutions, Inc. in the same manner as described above.

Since brokers do not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the proposals described in
this proxy statement, if a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock held in “street name” does not
give voting instructions to the broker, bank, nominee or other holder of record, then those shares will not be
present in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting, and therefore will not count toward
determining whether or not a quorum is present at the meeting.

In the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, we expect that the meeting will be
postponed or adjourned to solicit additional proxies, and the persons named as proxies may propose and vote
for one or more postponements or adjournments of the special meeting to the extent permitted under the
merger agreement.

15



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 21/191

Q: Who will count the vote?

A: Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. will tabulate votes and act as the Inspector of Election at the special
meeting.

Q: What is a proxy?

A: A proxy is your legal designation of another person to vote your shares of our common stock. The written
document describing the matters to be considered and voted on at the special meeting is referred to as this
proxy statement. The document used to designate a proxy to vote your shares of our common stock is
referred to as a proxy card.

Q: What does it mean to vote by proxy?

A: It means that you give someone else the right to vote your shares in accordance with your instructions. In
voting by proxy, you ensure that your vote will be counted even if you are unable to attend the special
meeting.

Q: My shares are held in “street name.” Will my broker vote my shares?

A: Your broker may be unable to vote your shares without instructions from you. If your shares are held in
“street name,” you should have received a vote instruction form with these proxy materials from your
broker, bank or other agent rather than from the Company. Simply complete and return the vote instruction
form to your broker, bank or other agent to ensure your vote is counted. Alternatively, you may vote by
telephone or over the Internet as instructed by your broker, bank or other agent. To vote in person at the
special meeting, you must obtain a valid legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent. Follow the
instructions from your broker, bank or agent included with these proxy materials, or contact your broker,
bank or agent to request a legal proxy form.

Q: How are “ABSTAIN” votes counted?

A: If you are a shareholder of record and abstain from voting, that abstention will have the same effect as if you
voted “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement. Abstentions will not be counted as votes
cast in favor of or against the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal, but will count for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present.

Q: What vote is required to approve the merger agreement, the Adjournment Proposal and the non-
binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal?

A: The affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of the close of
business on the record date is required to approve the merger agreement. As of the close of

TABLE OF CONTENTS

fail to instruct your broker, bank or other agent on how to vote your shares, your shares may not be voted. It
could have the same effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement, but will
not have any effect on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal.

The failure to instruct your broker, bank or agent on how to vote your shares will have exactly the same
effect as voting “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement.

If your shares are held in “street name,” and you fail to instruct your broker, bank or other agent on how to
vote your shares, your shares will not be voted, which will also have the same effect as voting “AGAINST”
the proposal to approve the merger agreement. If your shares are held in “street name,” and you fail to
instruct your broker, bank or other agent on how to vote your shares, your shares will not be entitled to vote
and will not count toward determining whether or not a quorum is present at the meeting, and therefore will
be ignored for purposes of determining the outcome of any vote on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-
binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

16



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 22/191

Q: What happens if I do not vote on the proposal to approve the merger agreement?

A: BECAUSE THE VOTE REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS BASED ON
THE TOTAL NUMBER OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK AS OF
THE RECORD DATE, AND NOT JUST THE SHARES THAT ARE ENTITLED TO VOTE OR
ACTUALLY VOTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, IF YOU DO NOT VOTE (INCLUDING IF
YOU HOLD YOUR SHARES THROUGH A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER AGENT AND DO NOT
RETURN YOUR VOTE INSTRUCTIONS TO THE BROKER, BANK OR OTHER AGENT), IT
MAY HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS VOTING “AGAINST” THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE
THE MERGER AGREEMENT. If the merger is completed, whether or not you vote for the proposal to
approve the merger agreement, you will receive the merger consideration for your shares of our common
stock upon completion of the merger.

Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?

A: If the merger is not completed for any reason, you will not receive any payment for your shares of our
common stock. We will remain an independent public company and our common stock will continue to be
listed and traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market, so long as we continue to meet the applicable
listing requirements.

Q: Will shareholders have appraisal rights?

A: No. In accordance with Section 55-13-02 of the NCBCA, no appraisal rights will be available to the holders
of the Company’s common stock in connection with the merger or the other transactions contemplated by
the merger agreement.

Q: Why am I being asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve, the non-binding, advisory
Merger-Related Compensation Proposal?

A: Under the SEC rules, we are required to seek a non-binding, advisory vote with respect to the compensation
and benefits that will or may become payable to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise
relates to the merger.

Q: What will happen if the Company’s shareholders do not approve the Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal?

A: Approval of the merger-related compensation that will or may become payable to our named executive
officers and that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger is not a condition to completion of the
merger. The vote is an advisory vote and will not be binding on the Company or the surviving corporation in
the merger. Because the merger-related compensation that is based on or otherwise

TABLE OF CONTENTS

business on the record date, there were 98,304,911 shares of our common stock outstanding. This means that
under North Carolina law and our organizational documents, 73,728,684 shares or more must vote in the
affirmative to approve the merger agreement.

The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders of our common stock present at the special
meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the special meeting is required to approve the
Adjournment Proposal and the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal. You may cast
one vote for each share of our common stock that you owned at the close of business on the record date.

Under certain circumstances, upon termination of the merger agreement, we may be obligated to pay to
Campbell a termination fee of  $149,000,000. Under certain circumstances, Campbell may be required to
pay us a reverse termination fee of  $198,600,000 pursuant to the terms and conditions of the merger
agreement. Additionally, upon termination of the merger agreement under certain circumstances in which
antitrust approvals are not obtained, Campbell will be required to pay the Company a regulatory termination
fee of  $50,000,000. More information can be found in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement —
Termination Fees” beginning on page 80.

17



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 23/191

Q: Do any of the Company’s directors or executive officers have interests in the merger that may differ
from or be in addition to my interests as a shareholder?

A: Our directors and executive officers have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to,
those of our shareholders generally, as set forth below. Our Board was aware of and considered these
interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, and in recommending that the merger agreement be approved by our
shareholders. These interests include, but are not limited to, (i) accelerated vesting of outstanding equity-
based awards granted prior to execution of the merger agreement, (ii) the receipt of severance and other
separation benefits in the event of certain terminations of employment on or following the consummation of
the merger, and (iii) continuation of indemnification rights and coverage under our directors’ and officers’
liability insurance policies.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A: We intend to complete the closing of the merger promptly after all of the conditions to completion of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders. We
currently expect the merger to be completed in the first half of calendar 2018, although we cannot assure
completion by any particular date, if at all. We will issue a press release and letters of transmittal for your
use once the merger has been completed. See the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — Conditions to
the Closing of the Merger” beginning on page 78 for more information.

Q: When can I expect to receive the merger consideration for my shares?

A: Once the merger is completed, you will receive in a separate mailing a letter of transmittal and other
documents to be delivered to the paying agent in order to receive the merger consideration. Once you have
submitted your properly completed letter of transmittal, stock certificates and other required documents to
the paying agent, the paying agent will send you a check for the merger consideration.

Q: What happens if I sell my shares of common stock before the special meeting?

A: The record date for shareholders entitled to vote at the special meeting is earlier than the expected date of
the merger. If you transfer your shares of our common stock after the record date but before the special
meeting, you will, unless special arrangements are made, retain your right to vote at the special meeting but
will transfer the right to receive the merger consideration to the person to whom you transfer your shares.

Q: Who will solicit and pay the cost of soliciting proxies?

A: We will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies and may reimburse brokerage firms and others for their
expenses in forwarding solicitation material to beneficial owners. Solicitation will be made primarily
through the use of the mail but our officers, directors and employees may, without additional compensation,
solicit proxies personally by telephone, facsimile, mail or the Internet or in person. We have retained
Georgeson to assist us in soliciting proxies using the means referred to above. We will pay the fees of
Georgeson, which we expect to be approximately $10,000, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket
expenses.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

related to the merger to be paid to the named executive officers is based on contractual arrangements with
the named executive officers, such compensation may be payable, regardless of the outcome of this advisory
vote, if the merger agreement is approved and the merger is completed (subject only to the contractual
obligations applicable thereto).

If you hold book-entry shares, you do not need to deliver a properly completed letter of transmittal or stock
certificates to the paying agent, since stock certificates are not issued for such shares. Instead, following
receipt of an “agent’s message” from the paying agent (or such other evidence, if any, of transfer as the
paying agent may reasonably request), you will be entitled to receive from the paying agent the merger
consideration payable in respect of such book-entry shares.

18



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 24/191

Q: Where can I find the voting results of the special meeting?

A: We intend to announce preliminary voting results at the special meeting and publish final results in a Current
Report on Form 8-K that will be filed with the SEC following the special meeting. All reports that we file
with the SEC are publicly available when filed on the SEC’s website at https:www.sec.gov.

Q: Whom should I contact with questions?

A: If you or another shareholder of record with whom you share an address wish to receive a separate proxy
statement, or if you have other questions about the proposals or how to vote your shares, you may contact
our proxy solicitor, Georgeson by telephone (toll free) at (877) 255-0134. If you or another shareholder of
record with whom you share an address are receiving multiple copies of the proxy statement, you can
request to receive a single copy of these materials in the future by contacting Georgeson in the same manner
as described above.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

19



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 25/191

• the possibility that the merger will not be consummated or delays in consummating the merger;

• the possibility that the closing conditions set forth in the merger agreement will not be satisfied,
including among others, (i) receipt of the required shareholder approval or (ii) receipt of the necessary
regulatory approvals required to permit the merger;

• the amount of the costs, fees, expenses and charges related to the merger, including the risk that the
merger agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances that would require us to pay Campbell a
termination fee of  $149,000,000, the payment of which could cause significant liquidity and long-term
financial viability issues for the Company;

• adverse effects on the market price of our common stock and on our operating results because of a
failure to complete the merger;

• the fact that the merger would be a taxable transaction to the Company’s shareholders for U.S.federal
income tax purposes;

• the fact that, if the merger is completed, shareholders will forgo the opportunity to realize the potential
long-term value of the successful execution of the Company’s current strategy as an independent
company;

• the possibility that Campbell could, at a later date, engage in unspecified transactions, including
restructuring efforts, special dividends or the sale of some or all of the Company’s assets to one or more
as yet unknown purchasers, that could conceivably produce a higher aggregate value than that available
to shareholders in the merger;

• the fact that under the terms of the merger agreement, the Company is unable to solicit other
acquisition proposals during the pendency of the merger;

• negative effects relating to the announcement of the merger or any further announcements relating to
the merger or the entrance into or consummation of the merger on the market price of our common
stock;

• unanticipated difficulties or expenditures relating to the merger;

• legal proceedings instituted against the Company and others in connection with the merger;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. You can identify these forward-
looking statements by the fact they use words such as “aim,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “could,” “ensure,”
“estimate,” “expect,” “forecasts,” “if,” “intend,” “likely” “may,” “might,” “outlook,” “plan,” “positioned,”
“potential,” “predict,” “probable,” “project,” “shall,” “should,” “strategy,” “will,” “would,” and other words and
terms of similar meaning and expression in connection with any discussion of future operating or financial
performance. You can also identify forward-looking statements by the fact that they do not relate strictly to
historical or current facts. Such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and involve
inherent risks, uncertainties, and assumptions including factors that could delay, divert or change any of them,
and could cause actual outcomes to differ materially from current expectations. Although we believe we have
been prudent in our plans and assumptions, we can give no assurance that any goal or plan set forth in forward-
looking statements can be achieved and we caution readers not to place undue reliance on such statements, which
speak only as of the date made. We undertake no obligation to release publicly any revisions to forward-looking
statements as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results may differ materially from
those projected as a result of certain risks and uncertainties. Certain risks associated with our business are
discussed from time to time in the reports we file with the SEC, including our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and our Current Reports on Form
8-K. In addition to the other factors and matters contained or incorporated in this proxy statement, we believe the
following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking
statements:

20



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 26/191

• disruptions of current plans and operations caused by the announcement and pendency of the merger,
including risks related to the merger diverting management’s or employees’ attention from ongoing
business operations and ability to retain or recruit key employees;

• potential difficulties in employee retention as a result of the announcement and pendency of the
merger; and

• the response of customers, distributors, suppliers and competitors to the announcement of the merger.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

21



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 27/191

• Americas Simple Meals and Beverages includes the retail and food service businesses in the U.S. and
Canada. The segment includes the following products: Campbell’s condensed and ready-to-serve
soups; Swanson broth and stocks; Pacific soups, broth, stocks, non-dairy beverages and simple meals;
Prego pasta sauces; Pace Mexican sauces; Campbell’s gravies, pasta, beans and dinner sauces;
Swanson canned poultry; Plum food and snacks; V8 juices and beverages; and Campbell’s tomato
juice.

• Global Biscuits and Snacks segment, which includes Pepperidge Farm cookies, crackers, bakery and
frozen products in U.S. retail, Arnott’s biscuits in Australia and Asia Pacific, and Kelsen cookies
globally. The segment also includes the simple meals and shelf-stable beverages business in Australia
and Asia Pacific, and beginning in 2018, the business in Latin America; and

• Campbell Fresh segment, which includes Bolthouse Farms fresh carrots, carrot ingredients, refrigerated
beverages and refrigerated salad dressings, Garden Fresh Gourmet salsa, hummus, dips and tortilla
chips, and the U.S. refrigerated soup business.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PARTIES TO THE MERGER

Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277 
(704) 554-1421

The Company is a North Carolina corporation headquartered in Charlotte, North Carolina. We are engaged
in the manufacturing, distribution, marketing and sale of snack food products. These products include pretzels,
sandwich crackers, kettle cooked chips, pretzel crackers, cookies, potato chips, tortilla chips, restaurant style
crackers, popcorn, nuts and other salty snacks. Our brands include Snyder’s of Hanover , the segment share
leader in the pretzel category in the United States, or US, and Lance , which is the number one ranked sandwich
cracker in the US, as well as Cape Cod kettle cooked chips and Kettle Brand  potato chips, which combined
make us the leader in the kettle chips category in the US. In addition, Snack Factory Pretzel Crisps and Pop
Secret  popcorn currently rank second in the US in their respective categories and Late July  is the number one
organic and non-genetically modified organism (“non-GMO”) tortilla chip in the US. These products demonstrate
our successful history of providing irresistible, high-quality snacks dating back over 100 years. The Company’s
common stock is listed on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “LNCE”.

Our Internet address is www.snyderslance.com. Information included on our website is not incorporated by
reference into this proxy statement.

Campbell Soup Company 
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799 
(856) 342-4800

Campbell is a New Jersey corporation headquartered in Camden, New Jersey. Campbell’s common stock is
listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CPB”. Campbell is a manufacturer and marketer of
high-quality, branded food and beverage products. Campbell manages its businesses in three segments focused
mainly on product categories. The segments are:

Campbell’s Internet address is www.campbellsoupcompany.com. Information included on Campbell’s
website is not incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

Twist Merger Sub, Inc. 
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103-1799 
(856) 342-4800

Merger Sub is a North Carolina corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell. Merger
Sub was formed solely for the purpose of facilitating Campbell’s acquisition of the Company and has not
engaged in any operations other than in connection with its formation and the negotiation and execution of the
merger agreement.

22

®

®

® ®

® ® 

® ®



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 28/191

• a proposal to approve the merger agreement, pursuant to which Campbell will acquire the Company by
means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the
surviving entity following the merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell;

• a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional
proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the special meeting to approve the merger
agreement, or the Adjournment Proposal (as described in the section entitled “Proposal No. 2 —
Adjournment Proposal” beginning on page 84); and

• a proposal to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the payment of certain compensation and
benefits to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise related to the merger, which they
will or may be entitled to receive from the Company (or its successor), or the Merger-Related
Compensation Proposal, (as described in the section entitled “The Merger — Interests of Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger — Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named
Executive Officers” beginning on page 58).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING

Time and Place of the Special Meeting

This proxy statement is being furnished to our shareholders as part of the solicitation of proxies by our
Board for use at a special meeting of shareholders to be held on March 23, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, at
The Ballantyne Hotel & Lodge, York Room, 10000 Ballantyne Commons Parkway, Charlotte, NC 28277.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

The purpose of the special meeting is for our shareholders to consider and vote upon:

A copy of the merger agreement is attached to this proxy statement as Annex A. Our Board, by the
unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the proposal to approve the
merger agreement, (2) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (3) “FOR” the non-binding, advisory
Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

Record Date, Notice and Quorum

You are entitled to notice of and to vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of our outstanding
common stock at the close of business on February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting. As of the
record date, there were 98,304,911 shares of our common stock outstanding and entitled to be voted at the special
meeting.

A quorum is required for shareholders to conduct business at the special meeting. The presence, in person or
represented by proxy, of the holders of shares entitled to a majority of votes entitled to be cast is necessary to
establish a quorum at the meeting. Abstentions are counted as present for the purpose of determining whether a
quorum is present, while broker non-votes are not counted as present unless instructions have been provided by
the beneficial owner to the applicable broker, bank or other agent with respect to at least one proposal. Broker
non-votes are shares held by a broker but with respect to which the broker is not instructed by the beneficial
owner of such shares how to vote on a particular proposal and the broker does not have discretionary voting
power on such proposal. Because brokers do not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the
proposals described in this proxy statement, if a beneficial owner of our shares of common stock held in “street
name” does not give voting instructions to the broker, bank, or other agent, then those shares will not be present
in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting and therefore will not count toward determining whether
or not a quorum is present at the meeting and will be ignored for purposes of determining the outcome of any
vote on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.
However, a broker non-vote will have the same effect as a vote against approval of the merger agreement.

Each of the “FOR”, “AGAINST” and “ABSTAIN” categories will be tabulated separately. In the event that
a quorum is not present at the special meeting, we expect that the meeting will be postponed or adjourned to
solicit additional proxies, and the persons named as proxies may propose and vote for one or more postponements
or adjournments of the special meeting.

23



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 29/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Who Can Vote at the Special Meeting

If on the record date, your shares were registered directly in your name with our transfer agent,
Computershare Investor Services, LLC, then you are a shareholder of record. As a shareholder of record, you
may vote in person at the meeting or vote by proxy. If on that date, your shares were held in an account at a
brokerage firm, bank, dealer or similar organization, then you are the beneficial owner of shares held in “street
name” and these proxy materials are being forwarded to you by that organization. The organization holding your
account is considered the shareholder of record for purposes of voting at the special meeting. As a beneficial
owner of shares held in “street name,” you have the right to direct your broker or other agent on how to vote the
shares in your account. You are also invited to attend the special meeting. However, if your shares are held in
“street name,” you are not the shareholder of record, and you may not vote your shares in person at the meeting
unless you request and obtain a valid legal proxy from your broker, bank or other agent.

Vote Required

Pursuant to our restated articles of incorporation, the affirmative vote of the holders of 75% of the
outstanding shares of our common stock as of the close of business on the record date is required to approve the
merger agreement and consummate the merger. As of the close of business on the record date, there were
98,304,911 shares of our common stock outstanding. This means that under North Carolina law and our
organizational documents, 73,728,684 shares or more must vote in the affirmative to approve the merger
agreement. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast by holders of our common stock present at the
special meeting, either in person or by proxy, and entitled to vote at the special meeting is required to approve the
Adjournment Proposal and the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

BECAUSE THE VOTE REQUIRED TO APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT IS BASED ON
THE TOTAL NUMBER OF THE OUTSTANDING SHARES OF OUR COMMON STOCK AS OF THE
RECORD DATE, AND NOT JUST THE SHARES THAT ARE ENTITLED TO VOTE OR ARE
ACTUALLY VOTED AT THE SPECIAL MEETING, IF YOU DO NOT VOTE (INCLUDING IF YOU
HOLD YOUR SHARES THROUGH A BROKER, BANK OR OTHER AGENT), IT WILL HAVE
EXACTLY THE SAME EFFECT AS VOTING “AGAINST” THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.

If you are a shareholder of record and abstain from voting, that abstention will have the same effect as if you
voted “AGAINST” the proposal to approve the merger agreement. Abstentions will not be counted as votes cast
in favor of or against the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal, but will count for the purpose of determining whether a quorum is present.

If your shares are held in “street name,” and you fail to instruct your broker, bank or other agent on how to
vote your shares, your shares will not be entitled to vote, and therefore will not count toward determining whether
or not a quorum is present at the meeting and will be ignored for purposes of determining the outcome of any
vote on the Adjournment Proposal or the non-binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.
However, a broker non-vote will have the same effect as a vote against approval of the merger agreement.

How You Can Vote

You will have one vote for each share of common stock you owned at the close of business on the record
date. If your shares are held in record name, you may sign, date and mail your proxy card in the enclosed return
envelope, or you may vote over the telephone or over the Internet. IF YOU DO NOT VOTE, THIS WILL
HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS VOTING “AGAINST” THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE
MERGER AGREEMENT.

If your shares are held in “street name,” you should have received a vote instruction form with these proxy
materials from your broker, bank or other agent rather than from the Company. Simply complete and return the
vote instruction form to your broker, bank or other agent to ensure that your vote is counted. You may also be
able to vote electronically on the Internet or by telephone as instructed by your broker, bank or other agent.
YOUR BROKER, BANK OR OTHER AGENT COULD BE UNABLE TO VOTE

24



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 30/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

YOUR SHARES WITHOUT INSTRUCTIONS FROM YOU. THE FAILURE TO INSTRUCT YOUR
BROKER ON HOW TO VOTE YOUR SHARES MAY HAVE EXACTLY THE SAME EFFECT AS
VOTING “AGAINST” THE PROPOSAL TO APPROVE THE MERGER AGREEMENT.

Your shares will be voted at the special meeting as you indicated on your proxy card. If no instructions are
indicated on your signed proxy card, all of your shares of our common stock will be voted “FOR” the proposal to
approve the merger agreement, “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and “FOR” the non-binding, advisory Merger-
Related Compensation Proposal.

You should indicate your vote now even if you expect to attend the special meeting and vote in person.
Indicating your vote now will not prevent you from later canceling or revoking your proxy, right up to the day of
the special meeting, and will ensure that your shares are voted if you later find you cannot attend the special
meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other agent and you wish to vote in person at the
special meeting, you must obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other agent. Follow the instructions
from your broker, bank or agent included with these proxy materials, or contact your broker, bank or agent to
request a proxy form.

Stock Ownership and Interests of Certain Persons

Voting by the Company’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, directors and executive officers of the
Company were entitled to vote approximately 13,727,178 shares of common stock, or approximately 14.0% of
the shares of common stock issued and outstanding on that date and entitled to vote at the special meeting. The
Company’s directors and executive officers have informed us that they intend to vote their shares in favor of the
proposal to approve the merger agreement and the other proposals to be considered at the special meeting,
although (other than the Warehime Holders) they have no obligation to do so.

Certain members of our management and Board have interests that are different from or in addition to those
of shareholders generally. See the section entitled “The Merger — Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in
the Merger” beginning on page 53.

Voting Agreement

On December 18, 2017, the Warehime Holders entered into a voting agreement with Campbell, pursuant to
which the Warehime Holders agreed, among other things, to vote the shares of Company common stock over
which they have voting power in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger. As of February 16, 2018, the record date for the special meeting, the
Warehime Holders owned 12,851,757 shares, or approximately 13.1% of the shares of Company common stock
outstanding and entitled to vote at the special meeting. The voting agreement also contains certain restrictions on
the transfer of shares of common stock by the Warehime Holders. See the section of this proxy statement entitled
“The Merger — Voting Agreement.”

How You May Revoke or Change Your Vote

You can change your vote in one of three ways at any time before your proxy is voted at the special meeting,
by (i) giving written notice to our Corporate Secretary at our principal executive offices at 13515 Ballantyne
Corporate Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277, stating that you would like to revoke your proxy, (ii)
completing and submitting a new proxy card bearing a later date (in any of the permitted forms), or (iii) attending
the special meeting and voting in person. Simply attending the meeting will not, by itself, revoke your proxy. If
your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other agent, you must follow instructions received from
such broker, bank or agent with this proxy statement in order to revoke your vote or to vote in person at the
special meeting.

Proxy Solicitation

We will pay for the cost of soliciting proxies and may reimburse brokerage firms and others for their
expenses in forwarding solicitation material to beneficial owners. Solicitation will be made primarily through the
use of the mail but our officers, directors and employees may, without additional

25



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 31/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

compensation, solicit proxies personally by telephone, facsimile, mail or the Internet or in person. We have
retained Georgeson to assist us in soliciting proxies using the means referred to above. We will pay the fees of
Georgeson, which we expect to be approximately $10,000, plus reimbursement of certain out-of-pocket expenses.

Adjournments of the Special Meeting

We are asking our shareholders to consider and vote upon a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if
necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the Adjournment Proposal. You should
note that the special meeting may be postponed or adjourned to a specified date including, among other reasons,
to solicit additional proxies. If the special meeting is postponed or adjourned for any reason, including to solicit
additional proxies, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time
prior to their use.

If it is necessary to adjourn the special meeting, then, unless the meeting will have been adjourned for a total
of more than 120 days, no notice of such adjourned meeting is required to be given to shareholders, other than an
announcement at the special meeting of the place, date and time to which the special meeting is adjourned. Even
if a quorum is not present, shareholders who are represented at a meeting may approve an adjournment of the
meeting. See the section entitled “Adjournment Proposal” on page 84.

26



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 32/191

• you will no longer have any interest in our future earnings or growth;
• we will no longer be a public company;
• our common stock will no longer be traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market; and
• we may no longer be required to file periodic and other reports with the SEC.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL NO. 1

APPROVAL OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

THE MERGER

We are asking our shareholders to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the merger agreement,
pursuant to which Campbell will acquire the Company by means of a merger of Merger Sub with and into the
Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving entity following the merger as an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Campbell. Our Board is providing this proxy statement and the accompanying form of proxy to
holders of our common stock in connection with the solicitation of proxies for use at the special meeting.

The full text of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement. We urge you to read
the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety. If our shareholders approve the merger agreement and the
merger is completed as contemplated by the merger agreement, you will be entitled to receive $50.00 in cash,
without interest and less any required tax withholding, for each share of our common stock you own and:

Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding (i) share of our common stock (other than (y) shares
owned directly by Campbell or Merger Sub and (z) shares owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of the Company, in each case of  (y) and (z) other than shares held in fiduciary or agency capacity that
are beneficially owned by third parties) will automatically be converted into the right to receive $50.00 in cash,
without interest and less any required tax withholding; (ii) vested and unvested time-vesting options shall become
fully vested and exercisable (other than options granted pursuant to the ASPP) and all performance-vesting
options under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance
for the quarter ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger
agreement; each option that is outstanding and vested as of the effective time shall be cancelled and the holders
will be entitled to receive the merger consideration of $50.00 per share in cash, without interest and less the
applicable exercise price, and less any required tax withholding; (iii) share of unvested restricted stock shall vest
(to the extent unvested) such that (1) all time-based restrictions shall lapse in accordance with applicable terms
and conditions of such restricted stock award, and (2) all performance-vesting restricted stock awards granted
under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of
performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in
the merger agreement and each share of restricted stock will be cancelled and the holders of each vested share of
restricted stock will be entitled to receive the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without interest
and less any required tax withholding; and (iv) unvested restricted stock unit (including performance-based
restricted stock unit grants) shall vest in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such restricted
stock unit such that (1) all time-vesting restricted stock units shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and all time-
vesting restrictions shall lapse and (2) all performance-vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be payable
assuming all performance-vesting conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-rated
based on the number of days in the performance period preceding the closing date and the holders of each vested
restricted stock unit shall be entitled to receive the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share in cash, without
interest and less any required tax withholding. No such shares of our common stock outstanding prior to the
effective time of the merger will remain outstanding after such effective time of the merger and all such shares
will automatically be cancelled and will cease to exist at the effective time of the merger. The price of  $50.00 per
share in cash was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between us and Campbell. See “The Merger
Agreement — Merger Consideration” beginning on page 65 for more detailed information.

27



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 33/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Treatment of Options and Other Equity-Based Awards

Options.   At the effective time of the merger, each option (other than pursuant to the ASPP) that is
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, shall vest in accordance with the terms
applicable to the option such that (i) all time-vesting options shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and (ii) all
performance-vesting options granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the
actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the
parties in the merger agreement. Each option that is outstanding and vested as of the effective time will be
cancelled in exchange for a lump-sum cash payment equal to the product of  (1) the number of shares of common
stock for which such option has not been exercised and (2) the excess, if any, of the merger consideration of 
$50.00 per share over the exercise price per share of such option, less any required tax withholding. Each option
with an exercise price equal to or greater than the merger consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger without payment of any consideration.

Restricted Stock.   At the effective time of the merger, each share of restricted stock (including performance-
based restricted stock awards) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, shall fully
vest (to the extent unvested), such that (i) all time-based restrictions will lapse in accordance with applicable
terms and conditions of such restricted stock award and (ii) all performance-based vesting restricted stock awards
granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest and be payable based on the actual level
of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties
in the merger agreement. Upon such vesting, each share of common stock underlying each restricted stock award
shall be treated as common stock for purposes of the merger agreement, including as to any required tax
withholding.

Restricted Stock Units.   At the effective time of the merger, each restricted stock unit (including
performance-based restricted stock unit grants) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, shall vest (to the extent unvested), in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such
restricted stock unit such that (i) all time-vesting restricted stock units shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and
all time-vesting restrictions shall lapse and (ii) all performance-vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be
payable assuming all performance-vesting conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-
rated based on the number of days in the performance period preceding the closing date. All restricted stock units
outstanding as of the effective time shall be cancelled and in exchange for each restricted stock unit, each holder
thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax
withholding, equal to the product of  (1) the merger consideration of $50.00 per share multiplied by (2) the
number of shares of common stock subject to such restricted stock unit.

Treatment of Purchase Rights under 2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan

As soon as practicable following the date of the merger agreement and in any event prior to the effective
time of the merger, our Board (or, if appropriate, any committee administering the ASPP) will adopt such
resolutions or take such other actions as may be required so that (i) participation in the ASPP will be limited to
those employees who are participants on the date of the merger agreement, (ii) participants may not increase their
payroll deduction elections or rate of contributions from those in effect on the date of the merger agreement, and
(iii) the ASPP shall terminate, effective upon the first purchase date following the date of the merger agreement,
but subsequent to the exercise of purchase rights on such purchase date (in accordance with the terms of the
ASPP).

Background of the Merger

Our Board and senior management team regularly review our performance, future growth prospects and
overall strategic direction and consider potential opportunities to strengthen our business and enhance
shareholder value. These reviews have included consideration of potential transactions with third parties that
would further our strategic objectives, including potential commercial and strategic business partnerships,
potential acquisitions, changes in our corporate structure, capitalization strategies and reorganizations. Our Board
and senior management team review the potential benefits and risks of those transactions in light of, among other
things, the business environment facing the portion of the food

28



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 34/191

• SG&A Expense Efficiency. Reduce direct spending and accelerate zero-based budgeting to improve
indirect costs.

• Manufacturing and Supply Chain Productivity. Reduce manufacturing and distribution network
complexity and improve productivity.

• Product and Portfolio Optimization. Reduce business complexity through stock keeping unit
rationalization and ongoing portfolio maintenance.

• Price Realization. Improve trade spend productivity and effectiveness and optimize brand assortment.

• Marketing Investment Optimization. Reset working/non-working ratios and increase investment in our
core branded portfolio.

• Channel Execution Excellence. Elevate the performance of the existing independent business owner
direct store delivery partnership.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

industry in which we operate and our competitive position. In addition, from time to time, members of our senior
management team meet with the senior management of other companies within the industry in which we operate
to discuss industry developments, distribution partnerships and potential strategic transactions.

During the second and third quarters of 2017, our Board and senior management continued to assess the
evolving business environment facing the food industry and the food industry landscape relevant to our business
and long-term prospects, including potential merger and acquisition opportunities. These assessments included a
comprehensive review of our operations with the goal of significantly improving our financial performance to
deliver greater value to our shareholders. As a result of such review, we initiated a Performance Transformation
Plan focusing on the following six key areas:

Over the past several years, Campbell has engaged Baptista’s Bakery, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the
Company, to manufacture cracker chips, and is currently working with Baptista’s Bakery to develop a new
product.

On July 15, 2017, Denise Morrison, Campbell’s President and CEO, contacted Brian Driscoll, our President
and CEO, to request a meeting to discuss a potential strategic transaction.

On August 23, 2017, Ms. Morrison and Carlos Abrams-Rivera, President of Pepperidge Farm, met in
Charlotte, North Carolina with Mr. Driscoll. At this meeting Ms. Morrison expressed Campbell’s desire to
explore the possible acquisition of the Company. No price was discussed at this meeting.

On August 24, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting at which Mr. Driscoll advised the Board of
Campbell’s interest in exploring the possible acquisition of the Company. Our Board authorized the Company to
enter into a non-disclosure agreement with Campbell and provide limited financial information to Campbell.

On August 25, 2017, Alex Pease, our Chief Financial Officer, advised Anthony P. DiSilvestro, Campbell’s
Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, that the Company would be willing to provide to Campbell
limited financial information concerning the Company, but would not consider allowing Campbell to conduct
more fulsome due diligence until Campbell provided a proposed price at which it would be willing to acquire the
Company and then only if the price was at a level at which our Board determined that future discussions were
warranted.

On August 28, 2017, the Company and Campbell signed a non-disclosure agreement, effective as of
August 24, 2017.

During the period from September 6, 2017 until October 3, 2017, we provided Campbell with certain limited
financial information requested by Campbell.

On October 3, 2017, Campbell provided a letter to us in which it indicated its interest in acquiring the
Company in an all cash transaction at a price ranging from $46.00 to $50.00 per share. The written proposal
indicated that the price range represented a premium of 25.6% to 36.5% based on our 30-day volume

29



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 35/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

weighted average stock price and implied a multiple range of 22.4 to 24.0 times LTM EBITDA of $253 million.
Campbell’s indication of interest included a request that we negotiate exclusively with Campbell’s for a period of
forty-five days. Later on October 3, 2017, Mr. Driscoll had a telephone call with Ms. Morrison to discuss the
nature of the initial indication of interest and suggested that each of Mr. Pease and Mr. DiSilvestro discuss the
details.

On October 5, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of our senior
management, at which management reviewed with the Board Campbell’s initial indication of interest and
discussions that had taken place between our management and Campbell’s management. The Board discussed the
agenda for an in-person Board meeting to be held on October 10, 2017.

On October 10, 2017, our Board held an in-person meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina, together with
certain members of our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and a representative of Jenner &
Block LLP (“Jenner”), our outside legal counsel. The representative of Jenner reviewed with our Board its
fiduciary duties under North Carolina law in connection with the consideration of the Company remaining an
independent company and in connection with the consideration of business combinations and related matters.
Management reviewed the Company’s plan for remaining an independent company, including its Performance
Transformation Plan and progress to date against the Performance Transformation Plan. Goldman Sachs reviewed
with our Board, among other things, general macro-economic conditions, the capital markets environment, the
state of the food industry and the sectors of the food industry in which the Company competes, trends impacting
the food industry, Wall Street analysts’ public statements regarding their views of the Company, trading history in
our common stock compared to the trading history of the stock of other companies in the food industry, a
preliminary financial analysis of the Company, potential acquirors of the Company and Campbell’s track-record
in pursuing mergers and acquisitions. Our Board, together with members of management and the representative
from Jenner, discussed Campbell’s request for an exclusive negotiating period and it was determined not to agree
to Campbell’s request for an exclusive negotiating period prior to signing definitive transaction documents. Our
Board determined that management should advise Campbell that we were not actively seeking a sale but that we
would continue discussions and provide Campbell with additional due diligence if Campbell confirmed that any
proposal it made to acquire the Company would be at a minimum price of  $50.00 per share. Goldman Sachs led
a discussion of other companies who might be interested in pursuing, and able to pursue, an acquisition of the
Company at a price of at least $50.00 per share and the Board agreed that four companies could have such an
interest and ability.

On October 10, 2017, Mr. Pease had a telephone call with Mr. DiSilvestro indicating we would continue
discussions and provide Campbell with additional due diligence if Campbell confirmed that any proposal it made
to acquire the Company would be at a minimum price of  $50.00 per share.

On October 13, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of our senior
management and a representative of Goldman Sachs. Management provided an update of discussions with
management of Campbell that had occurred since the meeting of our Board on October 10, 2017, including the
message provided to management of Campbell that we would only continue discussions with Campbell regarding
a potential sale of the Company to Campbell if Campbell confirmed that any proposal it made to acquire the
Company would be at a minimum price of  $50.00 per share. Our Board also discussed whether to approach
companies that might be interested in acquiring the Company at prices our Board might find acceptable to
ascertain their interest in a potential transaction. A representative of Goldman Sachs recommended to the Board,
and the Board concurred, that if the Board were to decide to pursue a potential sale of the Company, we should
approach Companies A, B, C and D, as each of these companies would have a strategic rationale to acquire the
Company and the financial capability to execute a transaction at prices our Board might find acceptable.

On October 13, 2017, Mr. DiSilvestro communicated to Mr. Pease that Campbell understood $50.00 was the
minimum acceptable price but that Campbell could not firmly commit to it without more information.
Mr. DiSilvestro also provided that Campbell would work towards a $50.00 per share price, subject to receiving
access to due diligence and our management advised our Board of the same.

On October 14, 2017, Mr. Pease and Mr. DiSilvestro had a telephone call during which they agreed to
proceed with preliminary due diligence in the form of a management meeting during the week of October 23,
2017 in New York City.

30



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 36/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Pursuant to an engagement letter, dated October 16, 2017, the Company formally retained Goldman Sachs
as our financial advisor in connection with a potential transaction. In connection with our engagement of
Goldman Sachs as our financial advisor, Goldman Sachs provided us with information regarding certain
relationships Goldman Sachs and its affiliates had with Campbell, which investment banking relationships are
summarized below under “— Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC — General.”

On October 16, 2017, the Executive Committee of our Board held a telephonic meeting, together with
certain members of our senior management and a representative of Jenner. The representative of Jenner discussed
the Board’s fiduciary duties under North Carolina law as it considered a potential sale of the Company. The
Executive Committee determined it would be appropriate to instruct Goldman Sachs to contact other potential
acquirors of the Company to ascertain their interest in pursuing a potential acquisition of the Company and to
recommend to the Board that it authorize Goldman Sachs to begin this outreach process as soon as was
practicable. The Executive Committee also discussed certain concerns that had been raised by Patricia Warehime.
Such concerns were the timing of discussions with Campbell and any outreach to potential acquirors that might
be conducted, the identity of potential acquirors, and whether Ms. Warehime and members of her family would
receive a tax-deferred structure for their shares of the Company’s common stock if the Company were to be sold.

On October 19, 2017, Mr. Pease provided Mr. DiSilvestro with a draft mutual confidentiality agreement
containing a standstill provision restricting Campbell from, among other things, purchasing the Company’s
common stock or taking any other actions that may lead to a business combination unless our Board in advance
approves such activities in writing. Such mutual confidentiality agreement would replace the confidentiality
agreement dated August 24, 2017 in light of our decision to provide representatives of Campbell preliminary due
diligence information. On October 24, 2017, the Company and Campbell entered into the mutual confidentiality
agreement containing this standstill provision.

On October 21, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting, together with certain members of our senior
management and a representative of Jenner. The representative of Jenner discussed the Board’s fiduciary duties
under North Carolina law as it considered a potential sale of the Company and actions the Board should take to
fulfill its fiduciary duties. The Board determined to instruct Goldman Sachs to contact Companies A, B, C and D,
the four companies determined by the Board after considering information provided by Goldman Sachs and
senior management as likely to be interested in pursuing, and having the financial capability to pursue, an
acquisition of the Company at a price of at least $50.00 per share.

During the period from October 23, 2017 to October 27, 2017, at the direction of the Board, Goldman Sachs
contacted and had discussions with each of Companies A, B, C and D to determine if they might be interested in
pursuing a potential acquisition of the Company at a minimum price of  $50.00 per share.

On October 25, 2017, the Company granted representatives from Campbell and certain of its advisors,
access to an electronic data room that contained preliminary due diligence information requested by Campbell.
From October 25, 2017 through November 7, 2017, Campbell and its advisors continued their preliminary due
diligence review of the Company.

On October 25, 2017, Mr. Pease provided a representative of Company A with a draft mutual confidentiality
agreement containing a standstill provision restricting Company A from, among other things, purchasing the
Company’s common stock or taking any other actions that may lead to a business combination unless our Board
in advance approves such activities in writing. On October 30, 2017, the Company and Company A entered into
the mutual confidentiality agreement containing a standstill provision, which standstill provision expired in
accordance with its terms when we signed the merger agreement with Campbell.

On November 1, 2017, James Johnston, the Chairman of our Board, Gail Sharps Myers, our Senior Vice
President, General Counsel and Secretary, and a representative of Jenner, met with certain members of the Board
to discuss whether any of these directors had interests that could conflict with the interests of the shareholders of
the Company in connection with the consideration of a possible sale of the Company.

On November 1, 2017, our Board held an in person meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina, together with
certain members of our senior management, a representative of Goldman Sachs and a representative of Jenner.
The representative of Goldman Sachs reported on contacts Goldman Sachs had with Companies

31



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 37/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

A, B, C and D. Companies C and D indicated that they would not be interested in pursuing a possible acquisition
of the Company. Companies A and B each expressed interest in pursuing a possible acquisition of the Company
and were proceeding with preliminary due diligence. The representative of Jenner reviewed the fiduciary duties
of the Board under North Carolina law in connection with a possible sale of the Company, the discussions that
took place with certain directors concerning possible conflicts of interest, the use of a special negotiating
committee of the Board to seek potential acquirors of the Company and to consider, negotiate and recommend to
the Board offers for the sale of the Company and recommended that the Board appoint a special negotiating
committee comprised only of directors who were not executive officers of the Company and who had no conflicts
of interest. The Chairman of the Board reported that Patricia Warehime had determined that, out of an abundance
of caution, she would recuse herself from all further proceedings of the Board as it considered possible proposals
for the sale of the Company, including abstaining from any vote on any proposal for the sale of the Company. The
Chairman of the Board reported that Ms. Warehime had concluded that this decision arose from the percentage of
shares of our common stock owned by Ms. Warehime, a corporation and partnership controlled by
Ms. Warehime, and certain family trusts (who collectively owned an aggregate of approximately 20% of our
outstanding common stock) and the requirement that any merger involving the Company receive an affirmative
vote of 75% of the outstanding shares, together with the fact that as long-time shareholders of the Company and
one of its predecessor companies, Snyder’s of Hanover, Ms. Warehime, her family trusts and entities and other
members of her family who had significant holdings of our shares could have interests that differed from those of
our other shareholders. Such differing interests were the possibility of requiring a tax deferred exchange of their
shares of common stock in an acquisition transaction that could result in a lower overall value paid for the
Company, the possibility that Ms. Warehime could receive merger consideration in the form of equity that was
not available to the Company’s other shareholders, her preference for a buyer who would best preserve and
support the Company’s brands, facilities and operations in Hanover, Pennsylvania, and her direct and indirect
influence over MAW Associates, LP,. ARWCO Corporation and Warehime Enterprises, Inc., which engaged in
business transactions with the Company and each of which provides financing to the Company’s independent
business operators and distributors for the purchase of route businesses and trucks. The Chairman of the Board
recommended that the Board establish a special negotiating committee comprised of the members of the
Executive Committee of the Board, none of whom were executive officers of the Company nor had any conflicts
of interest, and that the matter of establishing a special negotiating committee be considered at the meeting of the
Board to be held the next day, November 2, 2017.

On November 2, 2017 our Board held an in person meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina, together with
certain members of our senior management. The Chairman of the Board reported that Peter Carlucci had
determined that, out of an abundance of caution, he would abstain from any vote of the Board on any proposal for
the sale of the Company. The Chairman of the Board reported that Mr. Carlucci’s decision arose from his long-
time close personal relationship with Ms. Warehime, her late husband and the Warehime family, his long tenure
(approximately 30 years) on the board of directors of the Company and its predecessor, Snyder’s of Hanover, the
fact that a law firm in which he was a partner had been providing legal services to the Company and the fact that
his son was an employee of the Company.

The Board voted to establish a special negotiating committee, which we refer to as the Special Committee,
comprised of the members of the Executive Committee of the Board. The Special Committee was authorized to
seek, evaluate, negotiate together with members of senior management, and recommend to the Board for its
consideration any proposal for the acquisition of the Company or any alternative transaction, including a merger
of equals, sale of assets by the Company or any acquisition of assets by the Company that the Special Committee
determined was fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders. The Board determined that
so long as the Special Committee continued to exist the Board would not approve or recommend to shareholders
any potential sale of the Company, share repurchase (other than any share repurchase in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice), special dividend or recapitalization or any merger of equals involving the
Company or any sale of acquisition of assets by the Company in the absence of a prior favorable recommendation
of such action by the Special Committee.

On November 3, 2017, we received a written indication of interest from Company A that indicated its
interest in pursuing a potential acquisition of the Company in an all-cash offer at a price of  $50.00 to

32



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 38/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

$52.00 per share. The written proposal indicated that the offer valued the Company at a 35.2% to 40.6% premium
to the most recent closing share price of  $36.99 (as of November 3, 2017) and 22.4% to 27.3% premium to the
52-week and all-time high of our share price.

On November 6, 2017, Mr. Pease and Mr. DiSilvestro had a telephone call in which they discussed the
Company’s results for the third quarter, the fact that there were other bidders who had indicated an interest in
acquiring the Company and that the Company was going to fully populate its electronic data room to enable all
bidders to conduct the due diligence they required to submit final bids during the next several weeks with the
expectation that the Special Committee would determine whether to accept any proposal for the acquisition of the
Company during the first two weeks of December. Mr. DiSilvestro advised Mr. Pease that Campbell could meet
the proposed schedule and that Campbell’s board of directors had meetings planned for November 15-16, 2017,
at which the possible acquisition of the Company would be discussed.

On November 6, 2017, Mr. Pease and the Head of Business Development of Company A had a telephone
call in which Mr. Pease informed Company A’s Head of Business Development that the Company was going to
fully populate its electronic data room to enable all bidders to conduct the due diligence they required to submit
final bids during the next several weeks with the expectation that the Special Committee would determine
whether to accept any proposal for the acquisition of the Company during the first two weeks of December.
Company A’s Head of Business Development confirmed to Mr. Pease that Company A could meet such timeline.

On November 7, 2017, we granted representatives from Company A and certain of its advisors access to an
electronic data room that contained due diligence information requested by Company A. In addition, we granted
representatives from Campbell and certain of its advisors expanded access to additional due diligence information
requested by Campbell. From November 7, 2017 through December 17, 2017 Campbell and its advisors
continued its due diligence review of the Company. From November 7, 2017 through December 13, 2017
Company A and its advisors continued its due diligence review of the Company.

On November 8, 2017, Alex Pease, Gail Sharps Myers, Randy Chapman, our Chief Strategy Officer, Kirk
Jensen, our Senior Vice President, Chief Supply Chain Officer, John T. Maples, our Chief Customer Officer, and
Bruce Myers, our Vice President, Distribution Company at Snyder’s-Lance, had a telephone call with Anthony P.
DiSilvestro, Carlos Abrams-Rivera, Raymond Liguori, Campbell’s Vice President of Corporate Development,
and other representatives of Campbell to discuss various financial and operational aspects of our business.

On November 10, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and a representative of Jenner. Mr. Pease reported on
discussions he had with Mr. DiSilvestro regarding our results for the third quarter, the fact that there were other
bidders who had indicated an interest in acquiring the Company and that we were going to fully populate our
electronic data room to enable all bidders to conduct the due diligence they required to submit final bids during
the next several weeks with the expectation that the Special Committee would determine whether to accept any
proposal for the acquisition of the Company during the first two weeks of December. Mr. Pease reported that
Mr. DiSilvestro advised him that Campbell could meet the proposed schedule and that Campbell’s board of
directors had meetings planned for November 15-16, 2017, at which the possible acquisition of the Company
would be discussed. A representative of Goldman Sachs reported on calls that he had with Credit Suisse, the
financial advisor for Campbell, in which the representative of Goldman Sachs reiterated the timeline outlined by
Mr. Pease to Mr. DiSilvestro. Mr. Pease reported that he also had discussions with the Head of Business
Development of Company A in which he informed that individual that the price range set forth in the indication
of interest submitted by Company A was sufficient to allow Company A to move forward in the process and
conduct further due diligence. Mr. Pease reported that he had discussed the same timeline with the Head of
Business Development of Company A that he had discussed with the CFO of Campbell and that the Head of
Business Development of Company A had confirmed that Company A could meet the timeline. A representative
of Goldman Sachs had a conversation with representatives of Company A and reiterated the timeline outlined by
Mr. Pease. Mr. Driscoll reported that Company B was still continuing to assess its ability or willingness to submit
a proposal to pursue the potential acquisition of the Company at the prices

33



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 39/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

per share being discussed. Mr. Pease also reported that Mr. DiSilvestro mentioned the possibility of alternative
transaction structures with Mr. Pease but Mr. Pease said that the focus should be on an all cash offer that resulted
in the highest value to all shareholders.

On November 10, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting at which the Board was advised that Company
A had submitted a written indication of interest for the potential acquisition of the Company, and our Board
received updates from members of our senior management concerning discussions by members of our
management with Campbell, Company A and Company B and the due diligence being performed by Campbell
and Company A.

On November 15, 2017, there was a call among James Johnston, the Chairman of the Special Committee,
Brian Driscoll, Alex Pease, Gail Sharps Myers, Randy Chapman, representatives of Goldman Sachs and
representatives of Jenner during which Goldman Sachs was directed to prepare and send to each of Company A
and Campbell a letter (the “Process Letter”) outlining the process and timing for bidders to complete due
diligence and submit a final bid for the acquisition of the Company on December 4, 2017, and the participants
discussed planned meetings between members of our senior management and the management of each of
Campbell and Company A and responses to due diligence requests made by Campbell and Company A.

On November 17, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, a representative of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. James Johnston
reported that Company B had declined to submit a proposal for the acquisition of the Company or proceed in the
process. The representative of Goldman reviewed the contents of the Process Letter that had been sent to
Campbell and Company A, including the requirements that bids were due on December 4, 2017. Mr. Pease
discussed upcoming meetings between members of our senior management and members of the management of
each of Campbell and Company A. Mr. Pease reported that Campbell had requested an extension of the
December 4, 2017 due date for final bids and he reiterated that it should submit its bid by December 4, 2017.
Also on November 17, 2017, at the direction of the Special Committee, Goldman Sachs delivered our draft of a
proposed merger agreement to Campbell and Company A.

On November 17, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting at which the Board was advised that Company
B had declined to proceed to submit a proposal for the acquisition of the Company, concerning the contents of the
Process Letter that had been sent to Campbell and Company A and concerning the due diligence being performed
on the Company by Campbell and Company A.

On November 20, 2017, Mr. Driscoll and certain members of our senior management met with
Ms. Morrison and certain members of Campbell’s senior management in New York City for a detailed question
and answer due diligence session, which focused on the Company’s supply chain, national direct-store-delivery
distribution network, contracts with independent business owners, or IBOs, route structure, marketing and
research and development priorities. They also discussed certain aspects of the Company’s financials, brands and
distribution channels.

On November 21, 2017, at the direction of the Special Committee, Goldman Sachs sent Company A and
Campbell a revised Process Letter changing the bid due date from December 4, 2017 to December 12, 2017 to
give Campbell and Company A sufficient time to complete its due diligence and to provide that due diligence
should be completed prior to submission of the final bid.

On November 28, 2017, Messrs. Driscoll and Pease had a meeting with the Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Growth Officer from Company A and discussed Company
A’s view of the Company and its business and the positive impact the Company’s business would have on the
business of Company A.

On November 30, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. James Johnston
reported on a plan for him, Mr. Driscoll, Mr. Pease and Ms. Sharps Myers to meet (with a representative of
Goldman Sachs in attendance) in Hanover, Pennsylvania on December 14, 2017 with Patricia Warehime and the
trustee of family trusts and certain members of Ms. Warehime’s extended family (collectively, the “Warehime
Family”), all of whom would be required to sign confidentiality agreements with the Company prior to the
meeting. The purpose of the meeting would be to review the bids that are

34



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 40/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

received for the acquisition of the Company with the Warehime Family. Mr. Driscoll reported on meetings he and
Mr. Pease previously had with certain members of the senior management of Company A on November 28, 2017.
Mr. Driscoll and Mr. Pease reported on the due diligence being performed by Campbell and Company A. A
representative of Goldman Sachs reported that both Campbell and Company A had indicated their desire for
Patricia Warehime and certain of the family trusts to sign voting agreements in support of any transaction
contemplated by the merger agreement they would sign with us.

On November 30, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of our senior
management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. At the meeting, the Board
discussed proposed logistics and timing for receiving bids, the scheduled meeting with the Warehime Family, that
the Special Committee would review bids received and make its recommendation to the Board concerning such
bids and that the Board would consider any bid that might be recommended by the Special Committee.

On December 8, 2017, Weil Gotshal & Manges LLP (“Weil”), outside legal counsel for Campbell, provided
Jenner with a mark-up of the draft merger agreement provided to Campbell by Goldman Sachs on November 17,
2017.

On December 9, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, a representative of Goldman Sachs, representatives of Jenner and a representative of EY,
our tax consultants. It was noted, since none of the federal tax reform bills then being considered by the U.S.
House of Representatives or U.S. Senate had yet been enacted, the Company management’s financial forecasts
provided to Goldman Sachs for its use in connection with its financial analyses reflected U.S. tax laws as then in
effect, and not the impact of the tax reform bills. However, because the federal tax reform bills were then being
considered and voted upon by the U.S. House of Representatives or U.S. Senate, the Special Committee
discussed and considered management’s views of the potential impact of the then proposed tax reform bills on
Company management’s financial forecasts, including the potential impact of those federal tax reform bills on the
value of the Company. Mr. Pease reported that the reduction of the effective rate of taxation applicable to the
Company would result in significant tax savings over a five to ten year period; however, Mr. Pease further
advised that it was his understanding that the value of the potential tax savings was likely already reflected in the
valuations of publicly traded U.S. companies. A representative of Goldman Sachs noted that potential tax reform
could already be priced into the Company’s stock price and that the permanence of the tax reform initiatives
could be uncertain under future administrations. A representative of Jenner reported concerning the mark-up of
the draft merger agreement received from Weil and the plan to discuss significant issues raised by such mark-up
with Weil the next day.

On December 10, 2017, representatives of Jenner discussed with representatives of Weil and a Campbell in-
house attorney the mark-up of the draft merger agreement received from Weil, including covenants relating to
Campbell’s financing and regulatory efforts, the Company’s fiduciary termination rights, and the amount and
triggers for the termination fees.

On December 12, 2017, the Company received a written offer from Campbell to acquire the Company in an
all-cash transaction at a price of  $48.00 per share, together with a revised mark-up of the draft merger agreement.

On December 12, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. A representative of Goldman
Sachs reported that the Company had received an offer from Campbell to acquire the Company in an all-cash
transaction at a price of  $48.00 per share and that an hour before bids were due to be received in accordance with
the Process Letter, Goldman Sachs had received a call from the representative of Company A to advise Goldman
Sachs that Company A would not be submitting a bid by the required time because its legal counsel had
identified an anti-trust issue that it needed more time to evaluate. A representative of Jenner reported that Jenner
had received a call from the legal counsel to Company A immediately prior to commencement of the Special
Committee meeting advising of the same anti-trust issue. The Special Committee directed Goldman Sachs to
contact Campbell to express the Special Committee’s expectation concerning any offer to acquire the Company
and directed Jenner to contact counsel for Company A to confirm that the Special Committee did not expect to
provide an extension of

35



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 41/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the time to submit final bids beyond the next day and offer for Jenner and such counsel to speak that night
regarding the anti-trust issue raised by counsel for Company A. Later on December 12, 2017, representatives of
Jenner briefly discussed these antitrust concerns with Company A’s legal counsel.

At the direction of the Special Committee, on December 12, 2017, representatives of Goldman Sachs
communicated to Mr. Liguori that Campbell’s offer to acquire the Company at a price of  $48.00 per share was
insufficient and would not be entertained by the Special Committee or the Board.

Following subsequent conversations between representatives of Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse and Mr.
Liguori, respectively, on December 13, 2017, the Company orally received a revised offer from Campbell to
acquire the Company in an all-cash transaction at a price of  $50.00 per share, which was confirmed later that day
in writing.

On December 13, 2017, there was a more in depth call between representatives of Jenner and counsel for
Company A to discuss the anti-trust issue raised by counsel to Company A.

On December 13, 2017, our Board held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of our senior
management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner at which the Board was informed
by a representative of Goldman Sachs that Campbell had initially submitted an offer to acquire the Company in
an all-cash transaction at a price of  $48.00 per share, but that after discussions between representatives of
Goldman Sachs and Credit Suisse and Mr. Liguori, Campbell had submitted a revised written offer at a price of 
$50.00 per share. A representative of Goldman Sachs reported that Company A had communicated that the anti-
trust issue Company A had identified might preclude it from submitting an offer. In the evening of December 13,
2017, a representative of Company A confirmed to Goldman Sachs that Company A would not be submitting an
offer.

On December 14, 2017, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Driscoll, Mr. Pease and Ms. Sharps Myers met (with a
representative of Goldman Sachs in attendance) in Hanover, Pennsylvania with Patricia Warehime and certain
other members of the Warehime Family, several of whom participated in the meeting via telephone. A
representative of Jenner also participated in the meeting via telephone. At this meeting the offer to acquire the
Company received from Campbell was reviewed and discussed.

On December 14, 2017, the Special Committee held an in-person meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina,
together with certain members of our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives
of Jenner. Mr. Johnston and Mr. Driscoll updated the Special Committee concerning the fact that Company A had
declined to submit an offer and the meeting held earlier that day with members of the Warehime Family. A
representative of Jenner reported that a revised draft of the merger agreement was being prepared to take into
account certain of the comments received from Campbell and if the Special Committee and the Board decided to
proceed with negotiations with Campbell pursuant to its offer to acquire the Company, a revised draft of the
merger agreement would be provided to Weil the next day following the meeting of the Board. Representatives of
Jenner reviewed the provisions of the draft voting agreement submitted by Campbell with its offer and reported
that Campbell wanted Patricia Warehime and the family trusts that file Schedules 13D and are reported as
beneficial owners of more than 5% of our outstanding common stock (the “Warehime Trusts”) to sign the voting
agreement. Mr. Pease discussed the rumors of a proposed acquisition of the Company by Campbell reported
earlier that day by certain media outlets and our policy of refusing to comment on market rumors.

On December 15, 2017, our Board held an in-person meeting in Charlotte, North Carolina, together with
certain members of our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and a representative of Jenner,
with another representative of Jenner participating by telephone. A representative of Jenner discussed the terms
of the draft merger agreement and voting agreement and the financing Campbell proposed to use to consummate
the transaction. A representative of Jenner noted that there would be no financing condition under the merger
agreement. A representative of Goldman Sachs discussed with the Board the financial aspects of the proposed
acquisition of the Company by Campbell, the historical performance of our stock price, an overview of the
Company management’s plan for the Company if it were to remain as a stand-alone entity, a preliminary financial
analyses (based on the Company management’s financial forecasts referenced above) and management’s views
regarding a range of potential impacts the then pending tax reform bills could have on the Company
management’s financial forecasts and

36



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 42/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the resulting potential impact of the Company’s implied valuation. The Special Committee reported that it
believed that $50.00 per share was the best offer that would be received from Campbell and recommended that
the Board authorize proceeding with negotiations with Campbell pursuant to its offer to acquire the Company in
an all cash-transaction at a price of  $50.00 per share. The Board determined to proceed with negotiations with
Campbell pursuant to its offer to acquire the Company in an all cash-transaction at a price of  $50.00 per share.

On December 15, 2017, Jenner delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to Weil and a copy of the
draft voting agreement to counsel for Ms. Warehime and the Warehime Trusts. Later on December 15, 2017,
Jenner sent a mark-up of the draft voting agreement to Weil reflecting comments that had been approved by the
counsel for Ms. Warehime and the Warehime Trusts.

During the period from the evening of December 15, 2017 through the early morning of December 18, 2017,
representatives of Jenner and Weil negotiated the major open issues on the draft of the merger agreement,
including, the scope of and qualifications relating to certain representations and warranties of the Company,
covenants relating to Campbell’s financing and regulatory efforts, dollar thresholds in respect of covenants
relating to the Company’s conduct of the business after signing, the Company’s fiduciary termination rights, and
the amount and triggers for the termination fees.

On December 16, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. A representative of
Jenner reported on the status of negotiations of the merger agreement and voting agreement. Mr. Driscoll reported
that he had received an inquiry from the chief executive officer of a smaller food company (Company E) who
Goldman Sachs had not been directed to contact, inquiring about a possible business combination with the
Company. A representative of Goldman Sachs noted that Company E had a significantly smaller market
capitalization than the Company. After discussion with Goldman Sachs, the Special Committee determined that it
was not likely that Company E could propose a business combination transaction that would be equal or better for
our shareholders than an all-cash transaction at a price of  $50.00 per share. Based on these factors and the current
status of negotiations with Campbell, the Special Committee determined that Mr. Driscoll should not respond to
the inquiries received from the chief executive officer of Company E. We have not received any further
communications from Company E relating to a business combination with the Company, including since the
public announcement of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

On December 17, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with certain members of
our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. A representative of
Jenner reported on the status of the negotiations of the merger agreement and the outstanding issues. The Special
Committee authorized Jenner to propose resolutions to the remaining issues on the merger agreement.

Later in the day on December 17, 2017, the Special Committee held a telephonic meeting together with
certain members of our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and representatives of Jenner. A
representative of Jenner noted that all members of the Special Committee had received a copy of the proposed
merger agreement, a memo summarizing the material terms of the merger agreement and proposed resolutions to
be considered by the Special Committee. A representative of Jenner discussed the terms of the merger agreement
and voting agreement and certain changes that would be made to the merger agreement to resolve the remaining
outstanding issues relating to the regulatory efforts covenants and the effects of termination under certain
circumstances. A representative of Goldman Sachs then presented to the Special Committee Goldman Sachs’
financial analyses (based on the Company management’s financial forecasts referenced above) regarding the
proposed transaction summarized below under “— Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC”. A representative of
Jenner discussed the proposed resolutions for the Special Committee to consider and reminded the members of
the Special Committee of their fiduciary duties under North Carolina law. The Special Committee determined
that the merger agreement with Campbell and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the merger, were fair and in the best interests of, the Company and our shareholders and resolved to recommend
to the Board that the Board adopt, approve and declare advisable the merger agreement and the merger
contemplated by the merger agreement, and recommend to the shareholders of the Company that they approve
the merger and the merger agreement.

37



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 43/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Subsequent to the meeting of the Special Committee, on December 17, 2017, our Board held a telephonic
meeting together with certain members of our senior management, representatives of Goldman Sachs and
representatives of Jenner. A representative of Jenner noted that all members of our Board had received a copy of
the proposed merger agreement, a memo summarizing the material terms of the merger agreement and proposed
resolutions to be considered by the Board. A representative of Jenner discussed the terms of the merger
agreement and voting agreement and certain changes that would be made to the merger agreement to resolve the
remaining outstanding issues. A representative of Goldman Sachs then presented to the Board Goldman Sachs’
financial analysis summarized below under “— Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC” and rendered the oral
opinion of Goldman Sachs, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated December 18, 2017 to
the Board to the effect that, as of such date and based on and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in
the written opinion, the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates)
of the shares of Company common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of
view to such holders. A representative of Jenner discussed the proposed resolutions for the Board to consider and
the Board’s fiduciary duties under North Carolina law and all of the voting directors unanimously determined that
the merger agreement with Campbell (including the plan of merger contained in the merger agreement) and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (including the merger) were fair and in the best interest of the
Company and our shareholders, adopted, approved and declared advisable the merger agreement (including the
plan of merger contained in the merger agreement) and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
(including the merger), and recommended to the shareholders of the Company to approve the merger and the
merger agreement (including the plan of merger contained in the merger agreement).

In the early morning of December 18, 2017, Campbell and the Company executed and delivered the merger
agreement, Campbell, Patricia Warehime and the Warehime Trusts executed and delivered the voting agreement
and Campbell and the Company issued a joint press release announcing the transaction. The press release and the
merger agreement were publicly filed by the Company as Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12 of the Exchange
Act on December 18, 2017.

Reasons for the Merger

Our Board considered a number of factors in making its determination that the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
shareholders, including the following (not necessarily in the order of relative importance):

Merger consideration.   Our Board considered the $50.00 per share in cash to be paid as merger
consideration in relation to our Board’s estimate of the current and future value of the Company as an
independent entity, including that the adjusted fully diluted enterprise value of the transaction is approximately
$6.093 billion, representing a multiple of 20.9x EBITDA for the last twelve months.

Premium.   Our Board considered that the $50.00 per share in cash to be paid as merger consideration
represents a premium of approximately 27% to the Company’s stock price as of closing on December 13, 2017,
the last trading day before media reports regarding a potential transaction, and a premium of approximately
33.7% to the Company’s unaffected 90-day volume weighted average price.

Cash consideration.   Our Board considered the fact that the merger consideration would be paid solely in
cash, which provides certainty and immediate liquidity and value to our shareholders, enabling our shareholders
to realize value that has been created at the Company while eliminating long-term business and execution risk.

Strategic alternatives.   Our Board considered the potential values, benefits, risks and uncertainties facing
our shareholders associated with possible strategic alternatives to the merger (including scenarios involving the
possibility of remaining independent), and the timing and likelihood of accomplishing certain alternatives. Based
on the foregoing, our Board considered that none of these options, on a risk-adjusted basis, was reasonably likely
to create value for our shareholders greater than the merger consideration. Our Board also considered the
Company’s ability, subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement, to respond to, engage in
discussions or negotiations regarding, and ultimately accept a superior proposal

38



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 44/191

• the right of the Company and our Board to respond to a competing superior proposal from any bidder
prior to obtaining our shareholders’ approval if our Board determines in good faith, after considering
advice from its financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that such acquisition proposal either
constitutes a superior proposal or could reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal, and that
failure to take such action would reasonably be likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary
duties under applicable law, as well as our ability to terminate the merger agreement to accept a
superior proposal, subject to certain notice requirements and “negotiation rights” in favor of Campbell
and provided that we pay Campbell the applicable termination fee;

• our Board’s belief that termination fee provisions are customary for transactions of this type, and its
belief that the $149,000,000 termination fee with respect to terminations made under certain
circumstances was reasonable in the context of comparable transactions and the likelihood that a fee of
such size would not be a meaningful deterrent to alternative acquisition proposals;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

from a person other than Campbell under certain circumstances and, in the case of accepting such a superior
proposal, after paying a termination fee, as more fully described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement —
No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals; Board Recommendation” beginning on page 72.

Fairness Opinion.   Our Board considered the financial analyses reviewed by Goldman Sachs with the
Board and the opinion of Goldman Sachs rendered to the Board to the effect that, as of December 18, 2017 and
based on and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the $50.00 in
cash per share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of the shares of Company common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to such holders. The opinion of
Goldman Sachs is more fully described in the section entitled “— Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC”
beginning on page 43 and the full text of such opinion is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B.

Negotiations with Campbell.   Our Board considered the beneficial terms that we and our advisors were able
to obtain during extensive negotiations with Campbell and that the merger agreement was the product of arm’s-
length negotiations and contained terms and conditions that were, in our Board’s view, advisable and fair to, and
in the best interests of, the Company and its shareholders.

Timing of Campbell’s Offer.   The timing and the risk that if we did not accept Campbell’s offer, which
Campbell had indicated was the highest offer it would make, our Board may not have another opportunity to do
so. Additionally, none of the other interested parties submitted an offer.

Our Current Condition.   Our Board considered information with respect to our financial condition, results
of operation, competitive position and business strategy, on both historical and prospective bases, as well as
current industry, regulatory, economic and market conditions, trends and cycles.

Our Future Prospects.   Our Board considered our future prospects if we were to remain independent,
including the competitive landscape and the business, financial and execution risks, our relationship with
customers, distributors and suppliers, and the risks associated with continued independence discussed below. The
Board considered the potential impact of the proposed federal tax reform bills on the Company.

Risks Associated with Continued Independence.   While our Board remained supportive of our strategic plan
and optimistic about our prospects on a standalone basis, it also considered the risks associated with operating as
a standalone company, including the potential execution risks associated with the strategic plan, the achievability
of financial projections and the potential risk the market may not reflect such execution in our stock price. Our
Board also considered continuing headwinds and key industry trends facing the business, such as sector growth
deceleration, significant continuing consolidation in the food sector, escalating pressure on incumbent retailers
arising through the entrance of new aggressive competitors and the accelerating momentum of private label
offerings by leading retailers. Our Board concluded that the merger consideration enabled our shareholders to
realize the Company’s potential future value without the market or execution risks associated with continued
independence.

Merger Agreement.   Our Board considered, in consultation with counsel, the terms of the merger agreement,
including:

39



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 45/191

• our Board’s right to change its recommendation whether in connection with a superior proposal, or
otherwise, prior to obtaining our shareholder approval if our Board has determined in good faith, after
consultation with its outside legal counsel and, in the case of a superior proposal, its financial advisor,
that the failure to make such change in recommendation would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent
with its fiduciary duties under applicable law, subject to certain notice requirements and “negotiation
rights”;

• the representations, warranties and covenants of the parties, the limited conditions to the parties’
obligations to complete the merger and their ability to terminate the merger agreement;

• the fact that the consummation of the merger is not conditioned on Campbell’s ability to obtain
financing;

• the fact that the Company has sufficient operating flexibility to conduct its business in the ordinary
course between the execution of the merger agreement and consummation of the merger;

• the obligation of Campbell under certain circumstances to pay the Company a reverse termination fee
of  $198.6 million;

• the obligation of Campbell under certain circumstances in which antitrust approvals are not obtained, to
pay the Company a regulatory termination fee of  $50 million;

• the fact that the definition of  “Company Material Adverse Effect” has a number of customary
exceptions, as described in detail in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement — Conditions to the
Closing of the Merger” beginning on page 78, and is generally a very high standard as applied by the
courts; and

• the Company’s right to specifically enforce Campbell’s obligations under the merger agreement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Financing.   Our Board considered the fact that Campbell has obtained committed debt financing for the
transaction from reputable financial institutions.

Likelihood of Consummation.   Our Board considered the likelihood that the merger would be completed, in
light of, among other things, the conditions to the merger and the absence of a financing condition, the relative
likelihood of obtaining required regulatory approvals, and the remedies available to us under the merger
agreement.

Campbell’s Reputation.   Our Board considered the business reputation and capabilities of Campbell and its
management, and Campbell’s general ability to complete an acquisition transaction of this size.

Shareholders’ Ability to Reject the Merger.   Our Board considered the fact that, pursuant to our restated
articles of the incorporation, the merger is subject to the approval of the merger agreement by the affirmative vote
of holders of 75% of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote thereon.

In the course of reaching its decision, our Board also considered a number of potentially negative factors
with respect to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement including, among
others, the following (not necessarily in the order of relative importance):

Participation in Future Gains.   Our Board considered the fact that, if the merger is completed, we will no
longer exist as an independent public company and our shareholders will forgo any future increase in the
Company’s value that might result from our earnings or possible growth as an independent company. Our Board
recognized the growth and profitability prospects for the Company on a standalone basis, but concluded that the
premium reflected in the merger consideration constituted fair compensation for the loss of the potential
shareholder benefits that could be realized by our strategic plan, particularly on a risk-adjusted basis.

Regulatory Risk.   Our Board considered the risk that the necessary regulatory approvals, the receipt of
which is beyond the Company’s control, may be delayed, conditioned or denied.

Restrictions on the Operation of Our Business.   Our Board considered the restrictions on the conduct of our
business prior to the completion of the merger, including restrictions on realizing certain business opportunities or
taking certain actions with respect to our operations we may otherwise take absent the pending merger.

40



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 46/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Non-Solicitation Provision.   Our Board considered the fact that the merger agreement precludes us from
actively soliciting alternative proposals.

Risks Associated with a Failure to Consummate the Merger.   Our Board considered the fact that there can be
no assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations to consummate the merger will be satisfied and as a
result the possibility that the merger might not be completed. Our Board noted the fact that, if the merger is not
completed, (i) we will have incurred significant risk, transaction expenses and opportunity costs, including the
possibility of disruption to our operations, diversion of management and employee attention, employee attrition
and a potentially negative effect on our business and client relationships, (ii) depending on the circumstances that
caused the merger not to be completed, it is likely that the price of our common stock will decline, potentially
significantly and (iii) the market’s perception of our prospects could be adversely affected.

Termination Fee.   Our Board considered the possibility that the $149 million termination fee payable to
Campbell with respect to termination for a superior proposal might have the effect of discouraging alternative
acquisition proposals or reducing the price of such proposals.

Campbell Termination Fee.   Our Board considered the fact that, except in the case of fraud or willful
breach, the Company’s sole monetary remedy in circumstances in which the termination fee is payable and paid
in connection with a breach of the merger agreement by Campbell or Merger Sub is the amount of the
$198.6 million termination fee and may not be sufficient to compensate the Company for losses suffered as a
result of a breach of the merger agreement by Campbell or Merger Sub.

Tax Treatment.   Our Board considered the fact that any gains arising from the receipt of the merger
consideration would generally be taxable to our shareholders that are U.S. holders for U.S. federal income tax
purposes.

No Appraisal Rights.   Our Board considered the unavailability of appraisal rights under applicable law in
connection with the merger.

Shareholder Litigation.   Our Board considered the likelihood of distracting litigation from shareholder suits
in connection with the merger.

After considering potentially positive and potentially negative factors, our Board concluded that, overall, the
potentially positive factors outweighed the potentially negative factors. Accordingly, our Board determined that
the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are fair
to and in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders.

The foregoing discussion is not intended to be an exhaustive list of the information and factors considered
by our Board in its consideration of the merger, but includes the material positive factors and material negative
factors considered by our Board in that regard. In view of the number and variety of factors and the amount of
information considered, our Board did not find it practicable to, nor did it attempt to, make specific assessments
of, quantify, or otherwise assign relative weights to, the specific factors considered in reaching its determination.
In addition, individual members of our Board may have given different weights to different factors. Based on the
totality of the information presented, our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, reached the
determination that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the merger, are fair and in the best interests of our Company and our shareholders, and approved, adopted and
declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including
the merger, in light of the factors described above and other factors that the members of our Board deemed were
appropriate.

Portions of this explanation of our reasons for the merger and other information presented in this section are
forward-looking in nature and, therefore, should be read in light of the section entitled “Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 20.

Recommendation of Our Board

After due consideration and discussion of the factors that our Board deemed relevant to enable it to reach an
informed decision as to the fairness and advisability of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the factors discussed in the above subsection “— Reasons for the Merger”,

41



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 47/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, (i) determined that the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company and our shareholders, (ii) adopted, approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, and (iii) recommended approval of the
merger agreement by our shareholders.

Our Board, by the unanimous vote of all directors voting, recommends that you vote (1) “FOR” the
proposal to approve the merger agreement, (2) “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal and (3) “FOR” the non-
binding, advisory Merger-Related Compensation Proposal.

Unaudited Prospective Financial Information

Our management prepares projections of the Company’s expected financial performance as part of its
ongoing management of the business. Other than guidance in connection with the Company’s regularly-
scheduled earnings releases, these projections are not disclosed as a matter of course due to the inherent
unpredictability of the underlying assumptions and estimates. At its June 26, 2017 meeting our Board
reviewed and approved our Performance Transformation Plan, which included certain financial
projections prepared by our management that were based upon the execution of the Performance
Transformation Plan on a risk-adjusted basis. Notwithstanding the inherent unpredictability of any
projections, including those included in the Performance Transformation Plan, the Company is including
in this proxy statement, in order to provide our shareholders access, a summary of certain unaudited
prospective financial information that was prepared by our management and included in our Performance
Transformation Plan, used by our Board and provided to Campbell in connection with their respective
evaluations of the proposed merger and was delivered to and used by Goldman Sachs, the financial advisor
to the Company, in providing financial advice to our Board. The inclusion of this information should not
be regarded as an indication that any of the Company, Campbell, Goldman Sachs, their respective
representatives or any other recipient of this information considered, or now considers, it necessarily to be
predictive of actual future results, or that it should be construed as financial guidance, and it should not be
relied on as such.

Our management, as part of ordinary course strategic and operational planning for the Company’s business,
develops multi-year financial projections based on its evolving strategy, results and actions. As part of such
process and in connection with its preparation of our Performance Transformation Plan, our management
prepared the projections included in this proxy statement, which were included in the Performance
Transformation Plan that was reviewed and approved by our Board at its June 26, 2017 meeting.

While presented with numeric specificity, the unaudited prospective financial information reflects numerous
estimates and assumptions made with respect to business, economic, market, competition, regulatory and
financial conditions and matters specific to the Company’s business, all of which are difficult to predict and many
of which are beyond the Company’s control. The unaudited prospective financial information reflects both
assumptions as to certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective
judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and periodic revisions based on actual experience
and business developments. The Company can give no assurance that the unaudited prospective financial
information or the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited
prospective financial information covers multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive
with each successive year. Furthermore, the unaudited prospective financial information should not be construed
as commentary by our management as to how our management expects the Company’s actual results to compare
to Wall Street research analysts’ estimates, as to which the Company expresses no view.

Actual results may differ materially from those set forth below, and important factors that may affect actual
results and cause the unaudited prospective financial information to be inaccurate include, but are not limited to,
risks and uncertainties relating to the Company’s business, industry performance, general business and economic
conditions, customer requirements, competition and adverse changes in applicable laws, regulations or rules. For
other factors that could cause actual results to differ, please see the section entitled “Cautionary Statement
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” on page 20 and the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Forward-
Looking Statements” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2016 and the other reports filed by the Company with the SEC.

42



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 48/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Given the proposed merger under the merger agreement with Campbell and assuming that such merger is
completed, the unaudited prospective financial information for the Company as a standalone entity for the years
2018 to 2020 set forth below will no longer be applicable.

The unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account any circumstances or events
occurring after the date it was prepared. The Company can give no assurance that, had the unaudited prospective
financial information been prepared as of the date of this proxy statement, similar estimates and assumptions
would be used. The Company does not intend to, and disclaims any obligation to, make publicly available
any update or other revision to the unaudited prospective financial information to reflect circumstances
existing since its preparation or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even in the event that any
or all of the assumptions underlying the unaudited prospective financial information are shown to be in
error, or to reflect changes in general economic or industry conditions. The unaudited prospective financial
information does not take into account the possible financial and other effects on the Company of the merger and
does not attempt to predict or suggest future results of the combined company. The unaudited prospective
financial information does not give effect to the merger, including the impact of negotiating or executing the
merger agreement, the expenses that may be incurred in connection with consummating the merger or the
potential synergies that may be achieved by the combined company as a result of the merger. Further, the
unaudited prospective financial information does not take into account the effect on the Company of any possible
failure of the merger to occur. None of the Company, Campbell, Goldman Sachs or their respective affiliates,
officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any
representation to any Company shareholder or other person regarding the Company’s ultimate performance
compared to the information contained in the unaudited prospective financial information or that the forecasted
results will be achieved. The summary of the unaudited prospective financial information included below is being
provided solely because it was made available to our Board, Campbell and Goldman Sachs, the financial advisor
to the Company, and not to influence your decision as to whether to vote for the proposal to approve the merger
agreement or take any action in connection with the merger or your ownership of shares.

The unaudited prospective financial information were prepared by management based upon the U.S. tax
laws as in effect at the time they were prepared and did not take into account the Tax Cut & Jobs Act signed into
law on December 22, 2017, which reflects, among other things, a reduction to the corporate tax rate from 35% to
21%.

The following table summarizes selected unaudited prospective financial information prepared by our
management for the fiscal years ending 2017 through 2020, which was provided to our Board, Campbell and
Goldman Sachs (dollars in thousands, except for shares).

Income Statement Projections 2017 2018 2019 2020

Net sales $2,234 $2,254 $2,319 $2,363
Gross profit $ 832 $ 877 $ 967 $1,004
EBITDA $ 320 $ 364 $ 438 $ 461
Earnings per share $ 1.21 $ 1.47 $ 1.91 $ 2.05

Opinion of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC
At the meeting at which the Board voted to approve the proposed transaction, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC,

which we refer to as “Goldman Sachs,” rendered to the Board its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing,
to the effect that, as of December 18, 2017, and based upon and subject to the factors and assumptions set forth in
Goldman Sachs’ written opinion, the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and
its affiliates) of the shares of Company common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial
point of view to such holders.

The full text of the written opinion of Goldman Sachs, dated December 18, 2017, which sets forth the
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, qualifications and limitations on the review
undertaken in connection with the opinion, is attached to this proxy statement as Annex B. Goldman
Sachs’ advisory services and opinion were provided for the information and assistance of the Board in
connection with its consideration of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a
recommendation as to how any holder of shares of Company common stock should vote with respect to the
proposed transaction or any other matter.

43



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 49/191

• the merger agreement;

• annual reports to shareholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of the Company for the five
fiscal years ended December 31, 2016;

• certain interim reports to shareholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of the Company;

• certain other communications from the Company to its shareholders;

• certain publicly available research analyst reports for the Company; and

• certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for the Company prepared by its management, as
approved for Goldman Sachs’ use by the Company, which are referred to as the “Company Forecasts”
and a portion of which are summarized above under “Unaudited Prospective Financial Information.”

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In connection with rendering the opinion described above and performing its related financial analyses,
Goldman Sachs reviewed, among other things:

Goldman Sachs also held discussions with members of the senior management of the Company regarding
their assessment of the past and current business operations, financial condition and future prospects of the
Company; reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the shares of Company common stock; compared
certain financial and stock market information for the Company with similar information for certain other
companies the securities of which are publicly traded; reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business
combinations in the food and beverage industry; and performed such other studies and analyses, and considered
such other factors, as it deemed appropriate.

For purposes of rendering its opinion, Goldman Sachs, with the consent of the Board, relied upon and
assumed the accuracy and completeness of all of the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other
information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by, Goldman Sachs, without assuming any responsibility for
independent verification thereof. In that regard, Goldman Sachs assumed with the consent of the Board that the
Company Forecasts had been reasonably prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and
judgments of the management of the Company. Goldman Sachs did not make an independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or other off-balance-sheet assets and
liabilities) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and Goldman Sachs was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal. Goldman Sachs assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other consents and
approvals necessary for the consummation of the proposed transaction would be obtained without any adverse
effect on the expected benefits of the proposed transaction in any way meaningful to its analysis. Goldman Sachs
assumed that the proposed transaction would be consummated on the terms set forth in the merger agreement,
without the waiver or modification of any term or condition the effect of which would be in any way meaningful
to its analysis.

Goldman Sachs’ opinion did not address the underlying business decision of the Company to engage in the
proposed transaction, or the relative merits of the proposed transaction as compared to any strategic alternatives
that may have been available to the Company; nor did it address any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting matters.
Goldman Sachs’ opinion addresses only the fairness from a financial point of view to the holders (other than
Campbell and its affiliates) of shares of Company common stock, as of December 18, 2018, the date of its
opinion, of the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to such holders pursuant to the merger agreement. Goldman
Sachs did not express any view on, and its opinion did not address, any other term or aspect of the merger
agreement, the proposed transaction or any term or aspect of any other agreement or instrument contemplated by
the merger agreement or entered into or amended in connection with the proposed transaction, including, the
fairness of the proposed transaction to, or any consideration received in connection therewith by, the holders of
any other class of securities, creditors, or other constituencies of the Company; nor as to the fairness of the
amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any of the officers, directors or employees of the
Company, or class of such persons, in connection with the proposed transaction, whether relative to the $50.00 in
cash per share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of shares of Company common
stock pursuant to the merger agreement or otherwise. Goldman Sachs did not express any opinion as to the price
at which the shares of Company common stock would trade at any time or impact of the proposed transaction on

44



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 50/191

• the closing price per share of Company common stock of  $39.41 as of December 13, 2017, the last
completed trading day before the first reported rumor of a potential acquisition of the Company, which
is referred to as the “Undisturbed Closing Price”;

• the volume weighted average price for the shares of Company common stock of  $37.41 over the three-
month period ended December 13, 2017, which is referred to as the “Undisturbed 90-day VWAP”; and

• the highest trading price for the shares of Company common stock of  $40.73 over the 52 week period
ended December 13, 2017, which is referred to as the “Undisturbed 52-week high”.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the solvency or viability of Company or Campbell or the ability of Company or Campbell to pay their respective
obligations when they come due. Goldman Sachs’ opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market
and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to Goldman Sachs as of the date of its
opinion and Goldman Sachs assumed no responsibility for updating, revising or reaffirming its opinion based on
circumstances, developments or events occurring after the date of the opinion. Goldman Sachs’ advisory services
and its opinion were provided for the information and assistance of the Board in connection with its consideration
of the proposed transaction and the opinion does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of shares
of Company common stock should vote with respect to the proposed transaction or any other matter. Goldman
Sachs’ opinion was approved by a fairness committee of Goldman Sachs.

Summary of Financial Analyses

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses delivered by Goldman Sachs to the Board in
connection with rendering the opinion described above. The following summary does not purport to be a
complete description of the financial analyses performed by Goldman Sachs, nor does the order of analyses
described represent relative importance or weight given to those analyses by Goldman Sachs. Some of the
summaries of the financial analyses include information presented in tabular format. The tables must be read
together with the full text of each summary and are alone not a complete description of Goldman Sachs’ financial
analyses. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the extent that it is based on
market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before December 17, 2017, the day prior to the date of
Goldman Sachs’ opinion, and is not necessarily indicative of current market conditions.

Implied Premia and Multiple Analyses

Goldman Sachs calculated the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to the holders of shares of Company
common stock pursuant to the merger agreement in relation to:

The results of these calculations are as follows:

Reference Price Per Share
Implied Premium Represented by 

$50.00 Per Share

Undisturbed Closing Price of  $39.41 26.9
Undisturbed 90-day VWAP of  $37.41 33.7
Undisturbed 52-week high of  $40.73 22.8

Goldman Sachs calculated the implied equity value of the Company, which is referred to as the “Implied
Equity Value” by multiplying the $50.00 per share by the total number of fully diluted shares of Company
common stock outstanding as of December 15, 2017, including the additional equity that is expected to vest as a
result of the proposed transaction, calculated using information provided by the Company’s management.
Goldman Sachs then calculated the adjusted implied enterprise value for the Company, which is referred to as the
“Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value,” by adding to the Implied Equity Value the Company’s net debt (defined for
this purpose as the Company’s debt plus the Company’s cash payment obligations in respect of its performance
share units less cash and minority interest) as of September 30, 2017 and subtracting the book value of the
Company’s equity investments as of September 30, 2017.

45

%
%
%



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 51/191

• the Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a multiple of the Company’s adjusted earnings before interest
expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, or “EBITDA,” for the twelve-month period
ended September 30, 2017, which is referred to as “LTM EBITDA,” as provided by the Company’s
management;

• the Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a multiple of the median analyst estimate of the EBITDA of
the Company for 2017 and 2018, as published by The Institutional Brokers’ Estimate System, or
“I/B/E/S” as of December 13, 2017;

• the $50.00 per share of merger consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement as a multiple
of the median analyst estimate of earnings per share, or “EPS,” of the Company for 2017 and 2018, as
published by I/B/E/S as of December 13, 2017;

• the Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a multiple of the estimates of the EBITDA of the Company
for 2017 and 2018, as reflected in the Company Forecasts; and

• the $50.00 per share of merger consideration to be paid pursuant to the merger agreement as a multiple
of the EPS of the Company for 2017 and 2018, as reflected in the Company Forecasts.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Using that information, Goldman Sachs calculated with respect to the Company:

The results of these calculations were as follows:

Multiples

Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a Multiple of:
LTM EBITDA 20.9x

Multiples Based on I/B/E/S Estimates:
Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a Multiple of:
2017E EBITDA 19.6x
2018E EBITDA 18.2x
Merger Consideration of  $50.00 per Share as a Multiple of:
2017E EPS 43.7x
2018E EPS 38.2x

Multiples Based on Company Forecasts:
Adjusted Implied Enterprise Value as a Multiple of:
2017E EBITDA 19.0x
2018E EBITDA 16.7x
Merger Consideration of  $50.00 per Share as a Multiple of:
2017E EPS 41.3x
2018E EPS 34.1x

Illustrative Present Value of Future Share Price Analyses

Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative analysis to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of
Company common stock as of December 13, 2017, based on theoretical future prices calculated by Goldman
Sachs for the shares of Company common stock derived using both estimates of the Company’s EBITDA and
estimates of the Company’s EPS, each as reflected in the Company Forecasts:

EBIDTA

Using the Company Forecasts, Goldman Sachs derived a range of theoretical future enterprise values for the
Company as of December 31, 2019, by applying a range of illustrative multiples of enterprise value/ EBITDA for
the next twelve-month period, which is referred to as “NTM EBITDA,” of 12.0x to 13.1x to the estimated
EBITDA for the following full year reflected in the Company Forecasts. Goldman Sachs then

46



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 52/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

derived a range of theoretical future values per share of Company common stock as of December 31, 2019 by
subtracting the estimated net debt of the Company as of that date and dividing the result by the estimated fully-
diluted shares of Company common stock outstanding on a standalone basis as of that date, all as reflected in the
Company Forecasts. Using an illustrative discount rate of 7.2% (reflecting an estimate of the Company’s cost of
equity, derived by application of the capital asset pricing model, which incorporates certain company-specific
inputs, including a beta for the Company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States markets
generally), Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of December 13, 2017, the range of theoretical future
values per share of Company common stock it derived as of December 31, 2019, together with the estimated
cumulative dividends per share estimated to be paid from December 13, 2017 through that date as reflected in the
Company Forecasts. These calculations yielded a range of illustrative present values per share of Company
common stock of  $42.30 to $46.55.

The range of illustrative multiples of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA of 12.0x to 13.1x applied by Goldman
Sachs as described above were derived by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience,
taking into account, among other things (i) the median multiple of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA for a selected
group of publicly traded companies in the food industry, (ii) that median multiple of enterprise value/NTM
EBITDA plus the premium reflected by the average multiple of enterprise value/ NTM EBITDA of the Company
over the 10-year period prior to December 13, 2017, as compared to the average median multiple of enterprise
value/NTM EBITDA for the selected group of publicly traded companies in the food industry over the same 10-
year period, and (iii) the average multiple of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA for the Company over the 3-year
period prior to December 13, 2017, all as summarized below under “— Historical Trading Multiples.”

For reference purposes, Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis by applying illustrative
multiples of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA ranging from 10.0x to 15.0x and illustrative EBITDA amounts
reflecting the estimated EBITDA margin for 2017 reflected in the Company Forecasts, EBITDA amounts
reflecting the Company realizing 50% of the EBITDA margin improvement reflected in the Company Forecasts
for the period between 2017 and 2020 and EBITDA amounts reflecting the Company realizing 100% of the
EBITDA margin improvement reflected in the Company Forecasts. Goldman Sachs derived a range of theoretical
implied price per share of Company common stock by subtracting the estimated net debt of the Company as of
December 31, 2017 as reflected in the Company Forecasts and dividing the result by the estimated fully-diluted
shares of Company common stock outstanding on a standalone basis as of December 15, 2017, as provided by
Company management. This sensitivity analysis yielded a range of illustrative values per share of Company
common stock of  $21.10 to $54.90.

EPS
In addition, using the Company Forecasts, Goldman Sachs derived a range of theoretical future values per

share of Company common stock as of December 31, 2019, by applying a range of illustrative multiples of share
price/EPS for the next twelve-month period, which is referred to as “NTM EPS,” of 20.1x, to 25.6x to an estimate
of the Company’s EPS for the following year, as reflected in the Company Forecasts. Using an illustrative
discount rate of 7.2%, Goldman Sachs discounted to present value as of December 13, 2017, the range of
theoretical future values per share of Company common stock it derived as of December 31, 2019, together with
the estimated dividends per share estimated to be paid from December 13, 2017 through that date as reflected in
the Company Forecasts. These calculations yielded a range of illustrative present values per share of Company
common stock of  $37.45 to $47.25.

The range of illustrative multiples of share price/NTM EPS of 20.1x to 25.6x applied by Goldman Sachs as
described above were derived by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment and experience, taking into
account, among other things, (i) the median multiple of price/NTM EPS for a selected group of publicly traded
companies in the food industry, (ii) that median multiple of price/NTM EPS plus the premium reflected by the
average multiple of price/NTM EPS of the Company over the 10-year period prior to December 13, 2017, as
compared to the average median multiple of share price/ NTM EPS for the selected group of publicly traded
companies in the food industry over the same 10-year period, and (iii) the average multiple of price/NTM EPS of
the Company over the 3-year period prior to December 13, 2017, all as summarized below under “— Historical
Trading Multiples.”

For reference purposes, Goldman Sachs also performed a sensitivity analysis by applying illustrative
multiples of share price/NTM EPS ranging from 20.0x to 30.0x and illustrative EPS amounts calculated

47



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 53/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

based on the estimated EBITDA margin for 2017 reflected in the Company Forecasts, EPS amounts calculated
based on the Company realizing 50% of the EBITDA margin improvement reflected in the Company Forecasts
for the period between 2017 and 2020 and EPS amounts calculated based on the Company realizing 100% of the
EBITDA margin improvement reflected in the Company Forecasts. This sensitivity analysis yielded a range of
illustrative values per share of Company common stock of  $24.20 to $59.20.

Illustrative Discounted Cash Flow Analyses

Using the Company Forecasts, Goldman Sachs performed an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis on
the Company to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of Company common stock as of
September 30, 2017.

Using discount rates ranging from 6.0% to 7.0% (reflecting estimates of the Company’s weighted average
cost of capital, derived by application of the capital asset pricing model, which incorporates certain company-
specific inputs, including a beta for the company, as well as certain financial metrics for the United States
markets generally) and a mid-year convention, Goldman Sachs derived a range of illustrative enterprise values
for the Company as of September 30, 2017, by discounting to present value as of September 30, 2017 (a) the
estimates of the unlevered free cash flow to be generated by the Company for the period from October 1, 2017 to
December 31, 2020, as reflected in the Company Forecasts, and (b) a range of illustrative terminal values for the
Company as of December 31, 2020, calculated by applying perpetuity growth rates ranging from 1.75% to 2.25%
to the estimate of the terminal year unlevered free cash flow of the Company as reflected in the Company
Forecasts (which analysis implied a range of multiples of enterprise value/terminal year EBITDA of 10.2x to
14.3x). The range of perpetuity growth rates was estimated by Goldman Sachs utilizing its professional judgment
and experience, taking into account the Company Forecasts and market expectations regarding long-term real
growth of gross domestic product and inflation. For purposes of this analysis, unlevered free cash flow was
defined as EBITDA less depreciation and amortization less taxes (applying a 35% tax rate as reflected in the
Company Forecasts), plus depreciation and amortization, less increase in net working capital less capital
expenditures.

Goldman Sachs subtracted from the range of illustrative enterprise values it derived for the Company the
Company’s net debt (defined for this purpose as the Company’s debt plus the Company’s cash payment
obligations in respect of its performance share units less cash and minority interest) as of September 30, 2017, to
derive a range of illustrative equity values for the Company. Goldman Sachs then divided the range of illustrative
equity values by the fully diluted shares of Company common stock outstanding on a standalone basis as of
December 15, 2017, calculated using information provided by the Company’s management (and added an
illustrative present value per share amount it calculated (using a 5% discount rate) of the tax savings to be derived
by the Company based on the Company’s estimated usage of its net operating losses and applying a 35% tax rate
as reflected in the Company Forecasts) to derive a range of illustrative present values per share of Company
common stock of  $35.05 to $52.25.

Selected Transactions Analysis

Goldman Sachs analyzed certain publicly available information relating to acquisition transactions
announced since 2007 involving target companies in the food and beverage industry in which the target company
had an implied enterprise value of over $2 billion based on the consideration paid in the applicable transaction.

While none of the target companies in the selected transactions are directly comparable to the Company and
none of the selected transactions are directly comparable to the proposed transaction, the target companies in the
selected transactions are companies with operations that, for the purposes of analysis, may be considered similar
to certain of the Company’s results, market size and product profile.

Using publically available information, for each of the selected transactions, Goldman Sachs calculated the
implied enterprise value of the applicable target company based on the consideration paid in the applicable
transaction, as a multiple of the target company’s LTM EBITDA for the last twelve-month period ended prior to
announcement of each the applicable transaction. The selected transactions and the implied enterprise value/LTM
EBITDA multiples calculated for the transactions are set forth below.

48



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 54/191

* Deal announced, but not completed.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Announcement Date Target Acquiror
Enterprise Value/  

LTM EBITDA

April 2007 Gerber Products (privately owned
by Novartis AG )

Nestlé 15.7x

July 2007 Global Biscuit Business (privately
owned by DANONE S.A.)

Kraft Foods Inc. 13.3x

April 2008 Wm. Wrigley Jr. Company Mars, Incorporated 18.5x
June 2008 Folgers (privately owned by The

Procter & Gamble Company)
The J.M. Smucker Company 9.4x

December 2008 Fresh Bread & Bakery Business of
Weston Foods, Inc. (privately
owned by Dunedin Holdings
S.á.r.l.)

Grupo Bimbo, S.A.B. de C.V. 9.8x

August 2009 PepsiAmericas, Inc. PepsiCo., Inc. 8.9x
August 2009 The Pepsi Bottling Group, Inc. PepsiCo., Inc. 11.6x
January 2010 Pizza Business (privately owned by

Kraft Foods Inc.)
Nestlé USA, Inc. 12.5x

January 2010 Cadbury plc Kraft Foods Inc. 13.0x
April 2011 Pringles (privately owned by The

Procter & Gamble Company)*
Diamond Foods, LLC 16.7x

February 2012 Pringles (privately owned by The
Procter & Gamble Company)

Kellogg Company 9.0x

November 2012 Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. ConAgra Foods, Inc. 9.4x
February 2013 H.J. Heinz Company 3G Capital/Berkshire Hathaway

Inc.
13.9x

April 2013 D.E. Master Blenders 1753 N.V. Joh. A. Benckiser 18.2x
May 2013 Smithfield Foods, Inc. Shuanghui International Holdings

Limited
8.2x

April 2014 MFI Holding Corporation (Michael
Foods)

Post Holdings, Inc. 9.3x

May 2014 Pinnacle Foods Inc.* The Hillshire Brands Company 14.1x
July 2014 The Hillshire Brands Company Tyson Foods, Inc. 16.7x
February 2015 Big Heart Pet Brands The J.M. Smucker Company 12.9x
March 2015 Kraft Foods Group, Inc. H.J. Heinz Company 12.5x
November 2015 Ralcorp Holdings, Inc. (privately

owned by Conagra Foods, Inc.)
Treehouse Foods, Inc. 9.0x

July 2016 The WhiteWave Foods Company DANONE S.A. 23.4x
April 2017 AdvancePierre Foods Holdings,

Inc.
Tyson Foods, Inc. 13.9x

July 2017 Reckitt Benckiser Foods Division
(privately owned by Reckitt
Benckiser Group plc)

McCormick & Company,
Incorporated

19.5x

49



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 55/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Enterprise Value/  
LTM EBITDA

High 23.4x
90  Percentile 18.4x
75  Percentile 16.0x
Median 12.9x
25  Percentile 9.4x

Based on the results of the foregoing calculations and Goldman Sachs’ analyses of the various transactions
and its professional judgment and experience, Goldman Sachs applied a range of LTM EBITDA multiples of
12.9x to 18.4x to the Company’s EBITDA for the twelve-month period ended September 30, 2017, as provided
by the Company’s management, to derive a range of implied enterprise values for the Company. Goldman Sachs
subtracted from this range of implied enterprise values the Company’s net debt (defined for this purpose as the
Company’s debt plus the Company’s cash payment obligations in respect of its performance share units less cash
and minority interest) as of September 30, 2017 and divided the result by the total number of fully diluted shares
of Company common stock outstanding as of December 15, 2017, calculated using information provided by the
Company’s management, to derive a range of implied values per share of Company common stock of  $27.05 to
$43.00.
Premia Paid Analysis

Goldman Sachs analyzed Thomson Reuters data regarding the premia paid in all cash acquisitions of
publicly traded companies in the United States from January 2004 through December 17, 2017 in which the
target company had an implied enterprise value of over $5 billion based on the consideration paid in the
applicable transaction. With respect to each year, Goldman Sachs reviewed (i) the median premium reflected by
the respective prices paid in the transactions to the last closing prices of the target companies’ shares prior to the
announcement of the transaction and (ii) the median premium reflected by the respective prices paid in the
transactions to the highest closing share price of the target company during the 52-weeks prior to the
announcement of the transaction. The following shows a summary of the results of the review:

Premium to 
1-Day Prior

Premium to 
52-Week 

High

Median 29.1 15.6

Based on its review of the foregoing data and its professional judgment and experience, Goldman Sachs
applied an illustrative premium of 15.6% to the highest trading price for the shares of Company common stock
over the 52-week period ended December 17, 2017 and an illustrative premium of 29.1% to the closing price per
share of Company common stock as of December 13, 2017, the last completed trading day before the first
reported rumor of a potential acquisition of the Company. This analysis resulted in a range of implied values from
$45.55 to $50.90 per share of Company common stock.
Historical Trading Multiples

Goldman Sachs calculated the average multiple of enterprise value/estimated NTM EBITDA of the
Company over various periods prior to December 13, 2017, and the average multiple of enterprise value/ NTM
EBITDA of the Company as of December 13, 2017, based on the median analyst estimates of EBITDA for the
Company as published by I/B/E/S, and the average median multiple of enterprise value/ NTM EBITDA over the
same periods, and the median multiple of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA as of December 13, 2017, for a
selected group of publicly traded companies in the food industry, based on median analyst estimates of EBITDA
for these companies as published by I/B/E/S. Goldman Sachs also calculated the premia reflected by the average
multiple of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA for the Company over those periods, and the multiple of enterprise
value/NTM EBITDA as of December 13, 2017, compared to the average median multiple of enterprise
value/NTM EBITDA over those periods, and the median multiple of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA as of
December 13, 2017, for a selected group of publicly traded companies in the food industry.

50

th

th

th

% %



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 56/191

• J&J Snack Foods Corp.

• Lancaster Colony Corporation

• The Hain Celestial Group, Inc.

• McCormick & Company, Incorporated

• Flowers Foods, Inc.

• Pinnacle Foods Inc.

• Post Holdings, Inc.

• Conagra Brands, Inc.

• Treehouse Foods, Inc.

• B&G Foods, Inc.

• The J.M. Smucker Company

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The selected group of companies reviewed by Goldman Sachs is listed below:

While none of the selected companies are directly comparable to the Company, the selected companies are
companies with operations that, for the purposes of analysis, may be considered similar to certain of the
Company’s results, market size and product profile.

A summary of the multiples of enterprise value/NTM EBITDA and premia calculated by Goldman Sachs
are set forth in the table below:

Average Enterprise Value/NTM EBITDA Multiple 10-Year 3-Year 12/ 13/ 17

Company 10.4x 13.1x 14.8x
Median of Selected Companies 10.0x 12.0x 12.0x
Average Company Premium to Selected Companies 0.4x 1.1x 2.8x

Goldman Sachs also calculated the average multiple of share price/estimated NTM EPS of the Company
over various periods prior to December 13, 2017, and the multiple of share price/NTM EPS of the Company as of
December 13, 2017, based on the median analyst estimates of EPS for the Company as published by I/B/E/S, and
the average median multiple of share price/NTM EPS over the same periods, and the median multiple of share
price/NTM EPS as of December 13, 2017, for the selected group of publicly traded companies in the food
industry, based on median analyst estimates of EPS for these companies as published by I/B/E/S. Goldman Sachs
also calculated the premia reflected by the average multiple of share price/NTM EPS for the Company over those
periods, and the multiple of share price/NTM EPS for the Company as of December 13, 2017, compared to the
average of the median multiple of share price/NTM EPS over those periods, and the median multiple of share
price/NTM EPS as of December 13, 2017, for the selected group of publicly traded companies in the food
industry.

A summary of the multiples of share price/NTM EPS and premia calculated by Goldman Sachs are set forth
in the table below:

Average Price/NTM EPS Multiple 10-Year 3-Year 12/ 13/ 17

Company 21.1x 25.6x 30.1x
Median of Selected Companies 18.2x 21.3x 20.1x
Average Company Premium to Selected Companies 2.9x 4.3x 10.0x

General

The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex process and is not necessarily susceptible to partial
analysis or summary description. Selecting portions of the analyses or of the summary set forth above, without
considering the analyses as a whole, could create an incomplete view of the processes underlying Goldman
Sachs’ opinion. In arriving at its fairness determination, Goldman Sachs considered the results of

51



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 57/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

all of its analyses and did not attribute any particular weight to any factor or analysis considered by it. Rather,
Goldman Sachs made its determination as to fairness on the basis of its experience and professional judgment
after considering the results of all of its analyses. No company or transaction used in the above analyses as a
comparison is directly comparable to the Company or the proposed transaction.

Goldman Sachs prepared these analyses for purposes of providing its opinion to the Board as to the fairness
from a financial point of view to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of shares of Company
common stock, as of the date of the opinion, of the $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to such holders pursuant to
the merger agreement. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals nor do they necessarily reflect the prices at
which businesses or securities actually may be sold. Analyses based upon projections of future results are not
necessarily indicative of actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than suggested
by these analyses. Because these analyses are inherently subject to uncertainty, being based upon numerous
factors or events beyond the control of the parties or their respective advisors, none of the Company, Goldman
Sachs or any other person assumes responsibility if future results are materially different from those forecast.

The $50.00 in cash per share to be paid to the holders of Company common stock pursuant to the merger
agreement was determined through arm’s-length negotiations between the Company and Campbell and was
approved by the Board. Goldman Sachs provided advice to the Company during these negotiations. Goldman
Sachs did not, however, recommend any specific amount of consideration to the Company or the Board or that
any specific amount of consideration constituted the only appropriate consideration for the proposed merger.

As described above, Goldman Sachs’ opinion was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Board
in making its determination to approve the merger agreement. The foregoing summary does not purport to be a
complete description of the analyses performed by Goldman Sachs in connection with the delivery of its fairness
opinion to the Board and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the written opinion of Goldman Sachs attached
as Annex B to this proxy statement.

Goldman Sachs and its affiliates are engaged in advisory, underwriting and financing, principal investing,
sales and trading, research, investment management and other financial and non-financial activities and services
for various persons and entities. Goldman Sachs and its affiliates and employees, and funds or other entities they
manage or in which they invest or have other economic interests or with which they co-invest, may at any time
purchase, sell, hold or vote long or short positions and investments in securities, derivatives, loans, commodities,
currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments of the Company, Campbell, any of their
respective affiliates and third parties, or any currency or commodity that may be involved in the proposed
transaction. Goldman Sachs has acted as financial advisor to the Company in connection with, and has
participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the proposed transaction. During the two year period ended
December 18, 2017, Goldman Sachs has not received compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting
services provided by its Investment Banking Division to the Company or its affiliates. Goldman Sachs has
provided certain financial advisory and/or underwriting services to Campbell and/or its affiliates from time to
time for which its Investment Banking Division has received, and may receive, compensation, including acting as
a dealer in connection with Campbell’s commercial paper program. During the two year period ended
December 18, 2017, Goldman Sachs received compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting services
provided by its Investment Banking Division to Campbell or its affiliates of approximately $60,000. Goldman
Sachs may also in the future provide financial advisory and/or underwriting services to the Company, Campbell
and their respective affiliates for which its Investment Banking Division may receive compensation.

The Board selected Goldman Sachs as its financial advisor because it is an internationally recognized
investment banking firm that has substantial experience in transactions similar to the proposed transaction.
Pursuant to an engagement letter between the Company and Goldman Sachs, the Company has agreed to pay
Goldman Sachs for its services in connection with the proposed transaction an aggregate fee currently estimated
to be approximately $37 million, all of which is contingent upon consummation of the proposed transaction. In
addition, the Company agreed to reimburse Goldman Sachs for certain of its expenses, including reasonable
attorneys’ fees and disbursements, and to indemnify Goldman Sachs and related persons against various
liabilities, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws.

52



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 58/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Financing of the Merger

In connection with entering into the merger agreement, Campbell entered into a bridge commitment letter,
dated as of December 18, 2017 (referred to in this proxy statement as the “debt commitment letter”), with Credit
Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, (which we collectively refer to as
the “Commitment Parties”). Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the debt commitment letter, the Commitment
Parties committed to provide to Campbell up to $6.2 billion in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured
term loans (the “bridge facility”) in connection with the financing of the amounts payable pursuant to the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. On December 29, 2017, Campbell, the Commitment
Parties and the lenders party thereto entered into a $1.2 billion unsecured term loan (the “term loans”) facility
contemplated by the debt commitment letter, resulting in a corresponding, permanent reduction to the
commitments with respect to the bridge facility. The proceeds of the term loans will be used to fund a portion of
the amounts payable pursuant to the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The remaining
portion of the bridge facility is anticipated to be replaced or refinanced by Campbell’s issuance of senior
unsecured notes through a public offering or in a private placement (the “senior notes”). The senior notes and the
term loans are collectively referred to in this proxy statement as the “permanent financing”.

We have agreed to use our commercially reasonable efforts, and to cause our subsidiaries and our
representatives to use commercially reasonable efforts, to cooperate with Campbell as necessary and customary
in connection with Campbell’s efforts to arrange the financing contemplated by the debt commitment letter or any
permanent financing. The merger agreement provides, however, that obtaining the financing contemplated by the
debt commitment letter or any permanent financing is not a condition to Campbell’s or Merger Sub’s obligations
to close the merger. For more information, see “The Merger Agreement — Financing of the Merger.”

Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendations of our Board with respect to the merger, our shareholders should be
aware that the directors and executive officers of the Company have certain interests, including financial
interests, in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Company shareholders
generally. Our Board was aware of these interests and considered them, among other matters, in approving the
merger agreement, and in making its recommendation that Company shareholders approve the merger agreement.
See the section entitled “Approval of the Merger Agreement — Background of the Merger” and the section
entitled “Approval of the Merger Agreement — Reasons for the Merger; Recommendation of Our Board.” These
interests are described in more detail below, and certain of them are quantified in the narrative and the table
below.

Directors and Executive Officers

Our directors and executive officers as of the date hereof are:

Name Age Position Since

Jeffrey A. Atkins 68 Director 2006
Peter B. Brubaker 71 Director 2010
C. Peter Carlucci 74 Director 2010
John E. Denton 74 Director 2010
Brian J. Driscoll 58 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer 2016
Andrea L. Frohning 48 Senior Vice President and Chief Human Resource Officer 2016
Lawrence V. Jackson 64 Director 2015
James W. Johnston 71 Chairman of the Board 2008
John T. Maples 58 Chief Customer Officer 2015
David C. Moran 59 Director 2015
Gail Sharps Myers 48 Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary 2015
Alexander W. Pease 46 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 2016
Dan C. Swander 74 Director 2004

53



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 59/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Name Age Position Since

Isaiah Tidwell 72 Director 1995
Patricia A. Warehime 63 Director 2010
Margaret E. Wicklund 57 Senior Vice President, Corporate Controller, 

Principal Accounting Officer and Assistant Secretary
1992

Effective as of the completion of the merger, our current Board will be replaced by the board of directors of
Merger Sub, and our executive officers at the effective time of the merger will be replaced with the executive
officers of Merger Sub. Like all other holders of shares of our common stock, our directors and executive officers
will be entitled to receive $50.00 per share in cash for each of their shares of our common stock.

Treatment of Company Equity, Cash and Annual Bonus Awards

Options.   At the effective time of the merger, each option that is outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger, shall vest in accordance with the terms applicable to the option such that (i) all time-
vesting options shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and (ii) all performance-vesting options granted under the
Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter
ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement. Each
option that is outstanding and vested as of the effective time will be cancelled in exchange for a lump-sum cash
payment equal to the product of  (1) the number of shares of common stock for which such option has not been
exercised and (2) the excess, if any, of the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share over the exercise price per
share of such option, less any required tax withholding. Each option with an exercise price equal to or greater
than the merger consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the effective time of the merger without
payment of any consideration.

Restricted Stock.   At the effective time of the merger, each share of restricted stock (including performance-
based restricted stock awards) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, shall vest
(to the extent unvested), such that (i) all time-based restrictions will lapse in accordance with applicable terms
and conditions of such restricted stock award and (ii) all performance-based vesting restricted stock awards
granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest and be payable based on the actual level
of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time and pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties
in the merger agreement. Upon such vesting, each share of common stock underlying each restricted stock award
shall be treated as common stock for purposes of the merger agreement, including as to any required tax
withholding.

Restricted Stock Units.   At the effective time of the merger, each restricted stock unit (including
performance-based restricted stock unit grants) that is outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, shall vest (to the extent unvested), in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such
restricted stock unit such that (i) all time-vesting restricted stock units shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and
all time-vesting restrictions shall lapse and (ii) all performance-vesting restricted stock units shall vest and be
payable assuming all performance-vesting conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-
rated based on the number of days in the performance period preceding the closing date. All restricted stock units
outstanding as of the effective time shall be cancelled and in exchange for each restricted stock unit, each holder
thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to receive a cash payment, subject to any required tax
withholding, equal to the product of  (1) the merger consideration of $50.00 per share multiplied by (2) the
number of shares of common stock subject to such restricted stock unit.

2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan.   Effective upon the first purchase date following the date of the
merger agreement but subsequent to the exercise of purchase rights on such purchase date (in accordance with the
terms of the ASPP), our Board has terminated the ASPP in accordance with the covenants in the merger
agreement.

Cash Performance Awards.   At the effective time of the merger, each cash performance award granted
pursuant to the Company’s 2015, 2016 or 2017 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan for Officers and Key
Managers (“LTIP”) that is outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement shall vest pro-rata based on the
portion of the performance period that occurs prior to the closing date and all performance-based

54



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 60/191

• accrued compensation, which includes any accrued and unpaid base salary and vacation pay, and
unreimbursed business expenses;

• (i) for Mr. Driscoll, payment of two times his base salary, (ii) for Mr. Pease, payment of two times the
sum of his base salary and target bonus, (iii) for executive officers Frohning, Maples, and Sharps
Myers, payment of 1.5 times the sum of their base salary and target bonus, and (iv) for Ms. Wicklund,
payment of one times the sum of her base salary and target bonus;

• a pro-rated annual bonus for the year of termination, except for Mr. Driscoll who is eligible for a full
bonus for the year of termination (note that for any termination occurring in 2018, this amount may be
offset by the amount of the 2018 pro-rated target annual bonus paid at closing);

• retention of a pro-rated portion of any outstanding performance awards under the long-term
performance program;

• indemnification of the executive from any claims asserted against the executive arising out of the prior
performance of duties;

• except for Mr. Driscoll and Ms. Wicklund, outplacement services for up to one year, at a maximum cost
of 10% of the officer’s base salary;

• unexercised options remain exercisable for at least one year following the date of termination (but not
longer than the original option term); and

• reimbursement of the Consolidated Omnibus Reconciliation Act of 1985 (“COBRA”) premiums for up
to one year, except Ms. Wicklund receives no such reimbursement, and Mr. Driscoll receives two years
of reimbursements.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

vesting conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied at the greater of target or actual level of performance as
of immediately prior to the effective time, and each cash performance award granted under the Company’s 2017
Enterprise Incentive Plan that was outstanding as of the date of the merger agreement and remains outstanding as
of the effective time shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on
or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the merger agreement. In exchange for
cancellation of each such cash performance award, each holder thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to
receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to such cash performance award, less any required tax
withholding.

Annual Bonus Awards.   Campbell will pay each participant in the Company’s 2018 annual cash incentive
plan who is employed by the Company on the closing date of the merger the pro-rated amount of each such
participant’s target incentive opportunity no later than 30 days following the closing date.

Quantification of Payments.   For an estimate of the amounts that would be payable to each of the
Company’s named executive officers on settlement of their unvested Company equity and cash performance
awards, see “— Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers” below.
The estimated aggregate amount that would be payable to the Company’s one executive officer who is not a
named executive officer in settlement of her unvested equity-based awards and cash performance awards if the
effective time occurred on January 10, 2018 is $656,666. We estimate that the aggregate amount that would be
payable to the Company’s ten non-employee directors for their unvested Company equity-based awards if the
effective time occurred on January 10, 2018 is $2,018,333.

Snyder’s-Lance Executive Severance Arrangements

The Company’s executive officers listed below have each entered into executive severance agreements with
the Company, which pay out severance and related benefits in the event of  (i) an involuntary termination without
cause or (ii) a voluntary termination for good reason, and, except for executive officers Driscoll and Wicklund,
provide for enhanced severance and benefits if the termination of employment occurs after the occurrence of a
change-in-control such as the merger.

Under the executive severance agreements, executive officers Driscoll, Frohning, Maples, Pease, Sharps
Myers and Wicklund are entitled to the following benefits in the event of a qualifying termination of employment
following the merger:

55



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 61/191

• a 2017 annual bonus award paid at 27% payout (the expected achievement based on then-current
projections);

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Payments and benefits under the executive severance agreements are subject to the applicable executive
officer’s execution and non-revocation of a general release of claims in favor of the Company. Payments and
benefits under the executive severance agreements will be reduced so that no portion of such payments and
benefits are subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code, unless the applicable officer would be better
off on an after-tax basis receiving all such payments and benefits.

In consideration of the payments and benefits under the executive severance agreements, such agreements
include restrictive covenants in the Company’s favor, including post-termination restrictions on competitive
activities and solicitation of Company clients and employees for either twelve or eighteen months, as well as
customary confidentiality covenants during the three year period which immediately follows the termination date,
except that Mr. Driscoll’s post-termination restrictions on competitive activities and solicitation of Company
clients and employees lasts for twenty-four months following termination and his confidentiality covenant lasts
for perpetual duration.

For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that are payable to the Company’s
named executive officers upon a termination event described above, see “— Quantification of Payments and
Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers” below. The estimated aggregate amount that would be
payable to the Company’s one executive officer who is not a named executive officer upon a termination event
described above, assuming the termination occurred on January 10, 2018, is $420,219.

Other Severance Arrangements

Carl Lee’s Retirement Agreement.   Mr. Lee retired as chief executive officer from the Company effective
April 11, 2017. As part of his separation, Mr. Lee and the Company entered into that certain Retirement
Agreement and General Release, dated April 14, 2017, that provided Mr. Lee with certain benefits, including
severance pursuant to his executive severance agreement, as well as certain equity vesting and option exercise
rights. Pursuant to that Retirement Agreement and General Release, Mr. Lee has outstanding equity and long-
term cash performance awards that may be affected by the merger; for an estimate of the value of what might be
affected by the merger, see “— Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive
Officers” below.

Snyder’s Lance Deferred Compensation Plan For Non-Employee Directors

The Company sponsors a non-employee directors deferred compensation plan, which provides a method for
non-employee directors to elect to defer all or a portion of their annual award of restricted stock units under the
Company’s 2014 Director Stock Plan. Seven of the Company’s non-employee directors have deferred restricted
stock units under this plan, including Mr. Atkins, Mr. Denton, Mr. Jackson, Mr. Johnston, Mr. Swander,
Mr. Tidwell, and Ms. Warehime. At the effective time of the merger, the non-employee directors deferred
compensation plan will be terminated and all unvested restricted stock units outstanding as of the effective time
shall vest and all restricted stock units outstanding will be cancelled and in exchange for each restricted stock
unit, each holder thereof as of the effective time shall be entitled to receive a cash payment, subject to any
required tax withholding, equal to the product of (i) the merger consideration of  $50.00 per share multiplied by
(ii) the number of shares of the Company’s common stock subject to such restricted stock unit.

We estimate that the aggregate amount that would be payable to the Company’s seven non-employee
directors for the vested Company equity-based awards that will be cancelled and exchanged for a cash payment if
the effective time occurred on January 10, 2018 is $2,499,268.

Snyder’s-Lance Executive Repayment Arrangements

The Company’s executive officers listed below have entered into repayment agreements with the Company
(the “Repayment Agreements”), which accelerated payments into 2017 that were otherwise expected to be paid
prior to the effective time of the merger or as a consequence of the merger. Such accelerated payments are subject
to a repayment obligation under certain circumstances.

Payments made under the Repayment Agreements were the following:

56



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 62/191

• any outstanding cash performance award pursuant to the 2015 LTIP paid in full (the expected
achievement based on then-current projections); and

• any outstanding cash performance awards pursuant to the 2016 and 2017 LTIP paid at target
performance and pro-rated through an assumed merger date of April 1, 2018.

* These amounts are also included in the Golden Parachute Compensation Table on page 58. The amounts in
such Golden Parachute Compensation Table may differ due to the assumed closing date of January 10, 2018.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

As indicated above, payments made pursuant to the Repayment Agreements are subject to repayment
obligations in favor of the Company, including (i) repayment of any amount to account for reduced actual
performance of a performance-based award (except to the extent such award is paid out pursuant to the
consummation of the merger), (ii) repayment of any amount that would not have otherwise yet been received if
the merger is cancelled, and (iii) repayment of any amount not otherwise due in the event that the payee’s
employment with the Company terminates (whether by action of the Company or the payee) prior to the
consummation of the merger.

The table below sets forth the amount of payments under the Repayment Agreements that each of the
Company’s named executive officers received as accelerated payments in 2017 and that are subject to repayment
under the circumstances set forth in the Repayment Agreements.

2017 
Annual Bonus

2015 LTIP 
Cash 

Performance 
Award*

2016 LTIP 
Cash 

Performance 
Award*

2017 LTIP 
Cash 

Performance 
Award*

Andrea L. Frohning $ 45,198 N/A $ 56,250 $ 34,375
John T. Maples $ 64,800 $ 21,900 $ 50,625 $ 34,375
Alexander W. Pease $ 108,338 N/A N/A $ 87,500
Gail Sharps Myers $ 46,035 $ 34,900 $ 50,625 $ 34,375

New Arrangements with Snyder’s-Lance Executive Officers

Subsequent to the execution and delivery of the merger agreement, there have been discussions between
Campbell and certain of the Snyder’s-Lance executive officers regarding post-closing roles for such executive
officers within the Campbell organization. No such discussions took place prior to the execution of the merger
agreement. While Campbell may enter into new agreements with those individuals, at this time there is no
assurance that those discussions will result in any new agreements with Campbell or, if so, what the terms and
conditions of any such agreements would be.

Insurance and Indemnification of Directors and Executive Officers

Campbell will, and will cause the surviving corporation to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present
and former officers and directors of the Company and each of its subsidiaries (“indemnitees”), in respect of 
(i) the fact that such person was a director or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries or served in certain
positions at the request of the Company or its subsidiaries (ii) matters existing or occurring prior to the effective
date, including the merger agreement and the contemplated merger, and (iii) certain acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the effective time of the merger, against any resulting losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses
(including attorneys’ fees and disbursements), fines, liabilities, judgments and amounts that are paid in
settlement, if such indemnitee is or is threatened to be made a party to any actual or threatened claim, in each
case to the same extent as the indemnitees are indemnified as of the date of the merger agreement by the
Company pursuant to applicable law, the Company’s and its subsidiaries’ organizational documents and
indemnification agreements in existence as of the date of the merger agreement. The surviving corporation will,
and Campbell will cause the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries to, fulfill and honor the obligations of the
Company and its subsidiaries in certain indemnification agreements agreed to by the parties to the merger
agreement.

57



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 63/191

(1) The cash payments payable to Mr. Driscoll consist of  (a) a severance payment of two times his base salary
and (b) an additional lump sum payment of his full annual bonus. The cash payments to all other named
executive officers consist of  (i) a severance payment in an amount equal to 1.5 (2.0, in the case of
Mr. Pease) times the sum of their annual base salary and target bonus; (ii) pro-rated LTIP cash performance
awards; and (iii) a pro-rated 2018 annual bonus. Severance payments and annual bonuses are “double-
trigger” (i.e., payable upon a qualifying termination following the occurrence of a change in control). The
LTIP cash performance awards are “single trigger” (paid upon the occurrence of a change in control). LTIP
cash performance awards will be pro-rated for each day of the performance period prior to the closing date
and settled at the effective time. Set forth in a table below are the separate values of each of the payments
described above. The Company intends to pay the 2017 annual bonus prior to the effective time of the
merger. As noted in “— Snyder’s-Lance Executive Repayment Arrangements” above, the 2017 bonuses were
paid in 2017 to each of the named executive officers other than Mr. Driscoll (and Mr. Lee who is not eligible
for a bonus). Mr. Driscoll’s 2017 bonus is expected to be $243,000, based on a 27% of target expected
payout, which amount is not included in the table above.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Additionally, the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries will maintain provisions in its certificate of
incorporation and bylaws or equivalent organizational documents which provide for indemnification,
advancement of expenses and exculpation at least as favorable as such provisions in such Company documents as
of the date of the merger agreement for indemnitees, from the effective time through the date that is six years
after the effective time, and will not modify such provisions in any manner that could adversely affect the rights
of the indemnitees.

Prior to the effective time of the merger, we may purchase, and if we do not purchase then Campbell will
cause the surviving corporation to purchase, a six year prepaid “tail” policy of directors and officers liability
insurance to cover claims related any period of time at or prior to the effective time of the merger, with terms,
conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under our
existing policies, and in each case regarding any matter existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time. If
the aggregate annual cost of such insurance coverage exceeds 300% of the current annual premium paid by the
Company, the surviving corporation must instead obtain a directors’ and officers’ tail policy with the greatest
coverage available for an aggregate annual cost of 300% of the current annual premium.
Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers

The table below sets forth the amount of payments and benefits that each of the Company’s named executive
officers would receive in connection with the merger, assuming that the merger was consummated and each such
executive officer experienced a qualifying termination on January 10, 2018. The amounts below are determined
using the merger consideration per share of Company common stock of  $50.00, and are based on multiple
assumptions that may or may not actually occur or be accurate on the relevant date, including the assumptions
described in the footnotes to the table. As a result of the foregoing assumptions, the actual amounts, if any, to be
received by a named executive officer may materially differ from the amounts set forth below. The table below
does not include compensation that is contingent upon services provided to Campbell following the effective
time, including under any employment arrangements that may become effective as of the closing of the merger.

Golden Parachute Compensation

Name of Named Executive Officer
Cash

($)
Equity  

($)

Perquisites/  
benefits  

($)
Other 

($)
Total 

($)

Brian J. Driscoll $2,700,000 $17,722,446 $ 7,025 — $20,429,471
Alexander W. Pease $1,955,608 $ 2,756,853 $ 77,396 — $ 4,789,857
Andrea L. Frohning $ 836,973 $ 1,235,490 $ 57,376 — $ 2,129,839
John T. Maples $1,084,386 $ 1,359,297 $ 63,896 — $ 2,507,579
Gail Sharps Myers $1,028,917 $ 1,257,981 $ 62,996 — $ 2,349,894
Carl Lee, Jr. $1,157,123 $ 6,181,736 — — $ 7,338,859

58

(1) (2) (3)

(4)



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 64/191

(i) Severance, which is only provided in the event of a qualifying termination, is paid in monthly
installments for a period of one year (two years in the case of Mr. Driscoll).

(ii) LTIP cash performance awards in the table are pro-rated for each day of the performance period prior
to the closing date based on an assumed closing date of January 10, 2018 (2015 LTIP awards are not
pro-rated, 2016 LTIP awards are pro-rated at 68%, 2017 LTIP awards are pro-rated at 34%).

(iii) As part of their executive severance agreements, the named executive officers are entitled to a prorated
portion of their annual bonus for the year of termination, except that Mr. Driscoll is eligible for his full
bonus. Such severance bonus amounts are paid in a single lump sum when annual bonuses are normally
paid. This is a “double-trigger” payment. For any termination occurring in 2018, this prorated annual
bonus amount will be offset by the amount of the target annual bonus paid at closing pursuant to the
merger agreement (as single-trigger payment). The amounts in the table reflect target bonus amounts
and an effective time of the merger and termination of employment as of January 10, 2018.

(2) As described above, all unvested Company equity-based awards held by the named executive officers will
be settled in cash at the effective time (i.e., “single-trigger” vesting). Set forth in a table below are the values
of each type of vested and unvested equity-based award that would be payable upon the effective time,
based on the merger consideration per share of Company common stock of  $50.00 and less the applicable
exercise price in the case of options.

(i) All unvested options, other than options granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan,
will fully vest at the effective time. All performance-vesting options granted under the Company’s 2017
Enterprise Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on
or before the effective time, and are then pro-rated at 30% of the award if closing occurs in the first
quarter of 2018 (the pro-ration level used for the table) or pro-rated at 40% if closing occurs in the
second quarter of 2018.

(ii) All unvested restricted stock, other than 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan restricted stock awards, will
vest and be treated as common stock. Restricted stock awards under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise
Incentive Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before
the effective time, and are then pro-rated at 30% of the award if closing occurs in the first quarter of
2018 (the pro-ration level used for the table) or pro-rated at 40% if closing occurs in the second quarter
of 2018.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Name of Named Executive Officer
Severance  

($)

LTIP Cash 
Performance 

Awards  
($)

2018 Annual Bonus  
($)

Total 
($)

Brian J. Driscoll $1,800,000 — $ 900,000 $2,700,000
Alexander W. Pease $1,872,500 $ 72,115 $ 10,993 $1,955,608
Andrea L. Frohning $ 753,300 $ 79,087 $ 4,586 $ 836,973
John T. Maples $ 960,000 $ 117,811 $ 6,575 $1,084,386
Gail Sharps Myers $ 879,750 $ 143,811 $ 5,356 $1,028,917
Carl Lee, Jr. — $1,157,123 — $1,157,123

Name of Named Executive Officer

Vested 
NQSOs 

($)

Unvested 
NQSOs  

($)

Unvested 
RSAs  

($)

Vested 
RSUs  

($)

Unvested 
RSUs  

($)
Total 

($)

Brian J. Driscoll $17,516,196 — — $206,250 — $17,722,446
Alexander W. Pease — $1,738,049 $957,502 — $ 61,302 $ 2,756,853
Andrea L. Frohning — $ 767,421 $387,210 — $ 80,859 $ 1,235,490
John T. Maples — $ 849,702 $434,400 — $ 75,195 $ 1,359,297
Gail Sharps Myers — $ 783,626 $399,160 — $ 75,195 $ 1,257,981
Carl Lee, Jr. $5,757,502 — — $424,234 $ 6,181,736

59

(i) (ii) (iii)

(i) (ii) (iii) (iv)



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 65/191

(iii) Reflects Mr. Driscoll’s vested restricted stock units held in the non-employee directors deferred
compensation plan from his time as a non-employee director.

(iv) All time-vesting restricted stock units will fully vest. Performance-vesting restricted stock units will
vest based on target performance and shall then be pro-rated for each day of the performance period
prior to the closing date. Performance-vesting restricted stock units in the table are pro-rated based on
an assumed closing date of January 10, 2018 (2015 LTIP awards are not pro-rated, 2016 LTIP awards
are pro-rated at 68%, 2017 LTIP awards are pro-rated at 34%).

(3) The amount in the table equals the estimated value of COBRA premium reimbursement for up to one year
(two years in the case of Mr. Driscoll) and except for Mr. Driscoll, outplacement services for up to one year
following a qualifying termination. All such benefits are “double-trigger.”

(4) Mr. Lee retired as Chief Executive Officer of the Company effective April 11, 2017. He is not entitled to any
compensatory payments in connection with the merger, other than the settlement of outstanding long-term
cash performance awards and equity.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Voting Agreement
On December 18, 2017, the Warehime Holders entered into a voting agreement with Campbell, pursuant to

which the Warehime Holders agreed, among other things, among other things, to vote the shares of Company
common stock over which they have voting power in favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, against acquisition proposals or superior proposals (as
described in the section of this proxy statement entitled “The Merger Agreement — No Solicitation of Acquisition
Proposals”), and against any other action or agreement that would reasonably be expected to result in a breach of
any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation of the Company under the merger agreement,
result in any of the conditions to the consummation of the merger under the merger agreement not being fulfilled,
or interfere with, delay or adversely affect the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement. The voting agreement also contains certain restrictions on the transfer of shares of Company common
stock by the Warehime Holders and prohibits the Warehime Holders from soliciting, initiating, or recommending
any alternative acquisition proposals. Additionally, each Warehime Holder has granted Campbell an irrevocable
proxy to vote the shares of Company common stock held by such Warehime Holder in favor of the approval of
the merger agreement and against any alternative acquisition proposal. The voting agreement will terminate upon
the earlier of the effective time of the merger, the termination of the merger agreement, written agreement
between Campbell and the Warehime Holders and any amendment, waiver or other change to any provision of
the merger agreement, as in effect on the date of the merger agreement, that is materially adverse to the Warehime
Holders from a financial point of view or would materially delay or materially impede the ability of the parties to
the merger agreement to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. As of
December 15, 2017, the shares covered by the voting agreement include 12,851,757 shares of Company common
stock, which represented approximately 13.2% of the total outstanding shares of Company common stock on
such date.

The foregoing description of the voting agreement does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of such voting agreement, which is attached hereto as Exhibit A to the merger
agreement attached as Annex A to this proxy statement, which you should read in its entirety.

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger
The following discussion is a summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger that are

relevant to holders of shares of our common stock whose shares are converted into the right to receive cash
pursuant to the merger. This discussion is based upon the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”), Treasury Regulations promulgated under the Code, court decisions, published positions of the Internal
Revenue Service, which we refer to as the IRS, and other applicable authorities, all as in effect on the date of this
proxy statement and all of which are subject to change or differing interpretations, possibly with retroactive
effect. This discussion is limited to holders who hold their shares of our common stock as “capital assets” within
the meaning of Section 1221 of the Code (generally, property held for investment).

60



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 66/191

• banks, insurance companies and other financial institutions;

• persons subject to the alternative minimum tax;

• tax-exempt organizations or governmental organizations;

• S corporations, partnerships or any other entities or arrangements treated as partnerships or pass-
through entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes (and investors therein);

• regulated investment companies, mutual funds or real estate investment trusts;

• persons who own an equity interest, actually or constructively, in Campbell or the surviving
corporation following the merger;

• dealers in stocks and securities;

• traders in securities that elect to use the mark-to-market method of accounting for their securities;

• U.S. expatriates and former citizens or long-term residents of the United States;

• persons holding the shares as part of a hedging, constructive sale or conversion, straddle or other risk
reducing transaction;

• persons deemed to sell our common stock under the constructive sale provisions of the Code;

• persons that received their shares of our common stock in a compensatory transaction pursuant to the
exercise of employee options or otherwise; or

• U.S. Holders whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar.

• An individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;

• A corporation, or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, created or
organized in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

This summary does not describe any of the tax consequences arising under the laws of any state, local or
foreign tax jurisdiction and does not consider any aspects of U.S. federal tax law other than income taxation (e.g.,
estate, gift or the Medicare net investment income surtax). We have not sought and will not seek any rulings from
the IRS regarding the matters discussed below. There can be no assurance the IRS or a court will not take a
contrary position to that discussed below regarding tax consequences of the merger. For purposes of this
discussion, a “holder” means either a U.S. Holder or a Non-U.S. Holder (each as defined below) or both, as the
context may require.

This discussion is for general information only and does not address all of the tax consequences that may be
relevant to holders in light of their particular circumstances. In addition, it does not address consequences
relevant to holders subject to special rules, including, without limitation:

If a partnership (including an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax
purposes) is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in such partnership
will generally depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Partnerships holding the
shares of our common stock and partners therein should consult their tax advisors regarding the consequences of
the merger.

THIS DISCUSSION IS PROVIDED FOR GENERAL INFORMATION ONLY AND DOES NOT
CONSTITUTE LEGAL ADVICE TO ANY SHAREHOLDER. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR TAX
ADVISORS CONCERNING THE U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO
THE MERGER IN LIGHT OF YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES AND ANY
CONSEQUENCES ARISING UNDER THE LAWS OF ANY STATE, LOCAL OR FOREIGN TAXING
JURISDICTION.

U.S. Holders

For purposes of this discussion, a “U.S. Holder” is a beneficial owner of shares of our common stock who or
that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes:

61



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 67/191

• An estate, the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or

• A trust (i) that is subject to the primary supervision of a court within the United States and one or more
United States persons, as defined in section 7701(a)(30) of the Code, have authority to control all
substantial decisions of the trust or (ii) that has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury
regulations to be treated as a United States person for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

• The gain is effectively connected with a trade or business of such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States
(and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is attributable to a permanent establishment
maintained by such Non-U.S. Holder in the United States), in which case such gain generally will be
subject to U.S. federal income tax on a net income basis at graduated rates generally applicable to U.S.
persons, and, if the Non-U.S. Holder is a corporation, such gain may also be subject to the branch
profits tax at a rate of 30% (or a lower rate under an applicable tax treaty); or

• Such Non-U.S. Holder is an individual who is present in the United States for 183 days or more in the
taxable year of the merger, and certain other specified conditions are met, in which case such gain will
generally be subject to U.S. federal income tax at a rate of 30% (or a lower rate under an applicable tax
treaty), but may be offset by certain U.S. source capital losses of the Non-U.S.Holder (even though the
individual is not considered a resident of the United States), provided that the Non-U.S. Holder has
timely filed U.S. federal income tax returns with respect to such losses.

• The Company is or has been a “United States real property holding corporation” as such term is
defined in Section 897(c) of the Code, which we refer to as a “USRPHC,” at any time within the
shorter of the five-year period preceding the merger or such Non-U.S. Holder’s holding period with
respect to the applicable shares of common stock, which we refer to as the “relevant period,” and, if
shares of common stock are regularly traded on an established securities market (within the meaning of
Section 897(c)(3) of the Code), such Non-U.S. Holder owns directly or is deemed

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The receipt of cash by a U.S. Holder in exchange for shares of our common stock pursuant to the merger
will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, such U.S. Holder’s gain or loss will
be equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received by such U.S. Holder (determined before
the deduction of any applicable withholding taxes, as described below in the section titled “— Information
Reporting and Backup Withholding”) and the U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis in the shares surrendered pursuant
to the merger. If a U.S. Holder acquired different blocks of our common stock at different times or at different
prices, such U.S. Holder must determine gain or loss separately for each block of shares exchanged for cash
pursuant to the merger. A U.S. Holder’s adjusted tax basis generally will equal the amount that such U.S. Holder
paid for the shares. Such gain or loss generally will be capital gain or loss and will be long-term capital gain or
loss if such U.S. Holder’s holding period in such shares is more than one year at the time of the completion of the
merger. A preferential tax rate on capital gain generally will apply to long-term capital gain of certain non-
corporate U.S. Holders. There are limitations on the deductibility of capital losses.

Non-U.S. Holders

For purposes of this discussion, the term “Non-U.S. Holder” means a beneficial owner of shares of our
common stock who or that is neither a U.S. Holder nor a partnership (or an entity taxable as a partnership) for
U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Special rules not discussed below may apply to certain Non-U.S. Holders subject to special tax treatment
such as “controlled foreign corporations” or “passive foreign investment companies.” Non-U.S.Holders should
consult their own tax advisors to determine the U.S. federal, state, local and other tax consequences that may be
relevant to them in light of their particular circumstances.

Any gain realized by a Non-U.S. Holder pursuant to the merger generally will not be subject to U.S.federal
income tax unless:

62



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 68/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to own pursuant to attribution rules more than 5% of our common stock at any time during the relevant
period, in which case such gain will be subject to U.S. federal income tax at rates generally applicable
to U.S. persons, except that the branch profits tax will not apply. The Company believes that it is not,
and has not been, a USRPHC at any time during the five-year period preceding the merger.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Information reporting and backup withholding may apply to the proceeds received by a holder pursuant to
the merger. Backup withholding generally will not apply to (1) a U.S. Holder who furnishes an accurate taxpayer
identification number and certifies that such U.S. Holder is not subject to backup withholding (generally on an
IRS Form W-9), or otherwise establishes a basis for exemption from backup withholding, or (2) a Non-U.S.
Holder who furnishes the required certification as to their non-U.S. status, such as by providing a valid IRS Form
W-8BEN (or W-8BEN-E) or IRS Form W-8ECI, or otherwise establishes an exemption. Amounts withheld, if
any, under the backup withholding rules are not an additional tax and may be refunded or credited against the
holder’s federal income tax liability, provided that the required information is timely furnished to the IRS. Copies
of information returns that are filed with the IRS may be made available under the provisions of an applicable
treaty or agreement to the tax authorities of the country in which a Non-U.S. Holder resides or is established.

Delisting and Deregistration of Our Common Stock

If the merger is completed, our common stock will be delisted from the NASDAQ Global Select Market and
deregistered under the Exchange Act, and we will no longer file periodic reports with the SEC on account of our
common stock.

If our shareholders do not approve the merger agreement or if the merger is not completed for any other
reason, our shareholders will not receive any payment for their shares in connection with the merger. Instead, we
will remain an independent public company and our common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the
NASDAQ Global Select Market, so long as we continue to meet the applicable listing requirements.

Governmental and Regulatory Approvals

Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder, Campbell and the Company cannot complete the
merger until they notify and furnish information to the Federal Trade Commission and the Antitrust Division of
the U.S. Department of Justice, and statutory waiting period requirements are satisfied. Campbell and the
Company filed the notification and report forms under the HSR Act with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission and
the Antitrust Division on January 3, 2018 and received the termination of the waiting period effective as of
February 2, 2018.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

Four putative shareholder class actions have been filed against the Company in the United States District
Court for the Western District of North Carolina. The complaints in all four lawsuits assert claims under Sections
14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act and SEC Rule 14a-9 in connection with the disclosures contained in the
preliminary proxy statement filed by the Company on January 17, 2018.

On January 25, 2018, a purported shareholder filed a putative class action, captioned David B. Shaev Profit
Sharing Account v. Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al, Case No. 3:18-cv-00039 (W.D.N.C.). The complaint names the
Company and the directors of the Company as defendants.

On January 29, 2018, another purported shareholder filed a putative class action, captioned Sciabucchi v.
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. et al, Case No. 3:18-cv-00049 (W.D.N.C.). The complaint names the Company, the directors
of the Company, Campbell, and Merger Sub as defendants.

On January 30, 2018, another purported shareholder filed a putative class action, captioned Kendall v.
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. et al, Case No. 3:18-cv-00051 (W.D.N.C.). The complaint names the Company and the
directors of the Company as defendants.

63



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 69/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On January 31, 2018, another purported shareholder filed a putative class action, captioned Daniel v.
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., et al, Case No. 3:18-cv-00058 (W.D.N.C.). The complaint names the Company and the
directors of the Company as defendants.

The complaints seek equitable and injunctive relief, including an injunction enjoining the consummation of
the proposed merger, rescission of the transaction if it is consummated, rescissory damages for the putative
shareholder class, and costs and attorneys’ fees for the plaintiffs.

The Company believes the claims in each of these complaints are without merit. However, at this time it is
not possible to predict the outcome of these matters or their effects on the Company or the proposed merger. A
preliminary injunction could delay or jeopardize the completion of the merger, and an adverse judgment granting
permanent injunctive relief could indefinitely enjoin completion of the merger. An adverse judgment for
monetary damages could have an adverse effect on the Company.

Anticipated Closing of the Merger

We intend to complete the closing of the merger promptly after all of the conditions to consummation of the
merger are satisfied or waived, including the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders and the
absence of any injunctions to the merger. We currently expect the merger to be completed in the first half of
calendar 2018, although we cannot assure completion by any particular date, if at all. We will issue a press
release and letters of transmittal for your use once the merger has been completed.

64



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 70/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following summary describes certain material provisions of the merger agreement. This summary is not
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger agreement, which is
attached to this proxy statement as Annex A and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. We urge you
to read carefully the merger agreement in its entirety because this summary may not contain all the information
about the merger agreement that is important to you.

The merger agreement and the following description have been included to provide you with information
regarding the terms of the merger agreement. It is not intended to provide any other factual information about the
Company or Campbell. Such information can be found elsewhere in this proxy statement and in the other public
filings we and Campbell make with the SEC, which are available, without charge, at https://www.sec.gov.

The representations and warranties described below and included in the merger agreement were made for the
purposes of the merger agreement by Company and Campbell to each other as of specific dates. The assertions
embodied in those representations and warranties were made solely for purposes of the merger agreement and
may be subject to important qualifications and limitations agreed to by Company and Campbell in connection
with negotiating the terms of that agreement. Moreover, the representations and warranties may be subject to a
contractual standard of materiality that may be different from what may be viewed as material to shareholders, or
may have been made for the purpose of allocating risk between Company and Campbell rather than establishing
the matters addressed by such representations and warranties as facts. The merger agreement is described in this
proxy statement and included as Annex A only to provide you with information regarding its terms and
conditions, and not to provide any other factual information regarding Company and Campbell or their respective
businesses.

The Merger

Subject to the terms and conditions of the merger agreement and in accordance with North Carolina law, at
the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell and a party to the
merger agreement, will merge with and into us. We will survive the merger as an indirect wholly owned
subsidiary of Campbell, and the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease.

Effective Time; Closing

The merger will become effective upon the filing of articles of merger with the Secretary of State of the
State of North Carolina or at such later time as is agreed upon by Campbell and us and specified in the articles of
merger. The filing of the articles of merger will occur as soon as practicable on the date of closing, which will
take place on the third business day after satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the closing of the merger set
forth in the merger agreement and described in this proxy statement, or at such other time as is agreed upon by
Campbell and us. Although we expect to complete the merger as soon as possible following the special meeting
of our shareholders (if our shareholders approve the merger agreement), we cannot specify when or assure that
we and Campbell will satisfy or waive all of the conditions to the closing of the merger. See “— Conditions to the
Closing of the Merger” beginning on page 78.

Merger Consideration

As a result of the merger, our holders of common stock will be entitled to receive $50.00 in cash, without
interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, for each share of our common stock they own as of the
effective time of the merger.

As a result of the merger, outstanding Company equity awards will be cancelled and converted into a right to
receive a cash payment at the effective time of the merger, as described in “— Treatment of Equity Awards”
below.

Appraisal Rights

In accordance with Section 55-13-02 of the NCBCA, the shareholders of the Company are not entitled to
assert appraisal rights in connection with the merger.

65



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 71/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Treatment of Equity Awards

The merger agreement provides that outstanding equity-based awards under our equity plans will be treated
as set forth below.

Treatment of Options.   At the effective time, each option to purchase shares of Company common stock
outstanding immediately prior to the effective time, whether vested or unvested, will vest in accordance with the
terms and conditions applicable to the option such that (i) all time-vesting options will fully vest (to the extent
unvested) and (ii) all performance-vesting options granted under our 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan will vest
based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated based on
the proration schedule set forth in the disclosure schedule to the merger agreement. Each option that is
outstanding as of the effective time will be cancelled and terminated and converted into the right to receive an
amount in cash, without interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, determined by multiplying the
aggregate number of share of the company’s common stock subject to the option by the excess, if any, of the
merger consideration over the applicable exercise price per share of such company option by the number of
shares of the Company’s common stock subject to such company option.

Treatment of Restricted Stock.   At the effective time, each award of outstanding restricted stock will be vest
such that (i) all time-based restrictions will lapse in accordance with the restricted stock award’s applicable terms
and conditions and (ii) all performance-vesting restricted stock awards granted under our 2017 Enterprise
Incentive Plan will vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective
time, pro-rated based on the proration schedule set forth in the disclosure schedule to the merger agreement.

Treatment of Restricted Stock Units.   At the effective time, each Company restricted stock unit outstanding
immediately prior to the effective time, whether vested or unvested, will vest, all time-based restrictions will
lapse and all performance-based conditions will be deemed to have been satisfied at the target level of
performance, pro-rated based on the number of days in the performance period preceding the closing date. Each
company restricted stock unit will be cancelled and converted into the right to receive an amount in cash, without
interest and less any applicable withholding taxes, determined by multiplying the merger consideration by the
number of shares of the Company’s common stock subject to such company restricted stock unit.

Treatment of Purchase Rights under 2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan.   Our Board, or any committee
thereof administering the ASPP, will take any action required so that (i) participation in the ASPP shall be limited
to those employees who are participants on the date of the merger agreement, (ii) participants may not increase
their payroll deduction elections or rate of contributions from those in effect on the date of the merger agreement,
and (iii) the ASPP shall terminate, effective upon the first purchase date following the date of the merger
agreement, but subsequent to the exercise of purchase rights on such purchase date (in accordance with the terms
of the ASPP).

Surrender of Stock Certificates; Payment of Merger Consideration; Lost Certificates

Prior to the effective time of the merger, Campbell and Merger Sub will enter into a written agreement with
a paying agent reasonably acceptable to the Company relating to the services to be performed by the paying agent
to act as agent for the holders of Company common stock in connection with the merger. Prior to the effective
time, Campbell will deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the paying agent, separate and apart from the paying
agent’s other funds, for the benefit of record holders of Company common stock, cash in an amount sufficient for
the paying agent to make all payments which such holders are entitled to receive in accordance with the merger
agreement.

Promptly after the effective time of the merger and in any event no later than the third business day
following the effective time, the surviving corporation will cause to be mailed to each person who was a holder of
record of a certificate or certificates of Company common stock immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger a letter of transmittal containing instructions for exchanging certificates representing such shares of our
common stock. Upon surrender to the paying agent of any such certificate representing Company common stock,
together with a properly completed letter of transmittal, the paying

66



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 72/191

• our and our subsidiaries organization, good standing and qualification and similar corporate matters;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agent shall issue and deliver to the holder of any such certificate, by check or wire transfer (as specified in the
letter of transmittal), the merger consideration of  $50.00 in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes, for each
share of our common stock represented by such certificate.

Promptly after the effective time and in any event not later than the third business day following the
effective time, the paying agent shall issue and deliver to each holder, as of the effective time, of book-entry
shares, which have converted into the right to receive the merger consideration with respect thereto, a check or
wire transfer for the merger consideration of  $50.00 in cash, less any applicable withholding taxes, without such
holder being required to deliver a certificate or an executed letter of transmittal to the paying agent.

No interest will be paid or accrued for the benefit of the holders of Company common stock, whether in
certificated or book-entry form, on the merger consideration payable in respect thereof. The cash paid upon
surrender of any such certificate will be deemed to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to
the shares of our common stock formerly represented by such certificate.

In the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company common stock that is not registered in the
transfer records of the Company, it shall be a condition of payment that such certificate so surrendered shall be
properly endorsed or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer or such book-entry share shall be properly
transferred and that the person requesting such payment shall have paid any transfer and other taxes required by
reason of the payment of the merger consideration to a person other than the registered holder of the certificate or
book-entry share surrendered or shall have established to the reasonable satisfaction of the surviving corporation
that such tax either has been paid or is not applicable. Until surrendered, each such certificate shall be deemed at
any time after the effective time of the merger to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the
merger consideration of  $50.00 in cash.

If any such certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, the paying agent or the surviving corporation, as the
case may be, will pay the applicable merger consideration with respect to each share of our common stock
formerly represented by such certificate upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by Campbell, the posting by such person of a bond in
customary amount and upon such terms as may be reasonably required by Campbell as indemnity against any
claim that may be made against the surviving corporation or the paying agent with respect to such certificate.

At any time following the twelve-month anniversary of the closing date of the merger, Campbell may
require the paying agent to deliver to it any funds previously made available to the paying agent that have not
been disbursed to holders of certificates that formerly represented shares of our common stock. After that point,
shareholders will no longer be able to receive the merger consideration from the paying agent. Instead, they will
be required to seek to obtain the merger consideration only from Campbell and the surviving corporation (subject
to abandoned property, escheat or other similar laws) for payment of the amount to which such holder is entitled,
without any interest thereon.

Directors and Officers

The merger agreement provides that Merger Sub’s directors and officers immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger will be the directors and officers, respectively, of the surviving corporation until the earlier of
their death, resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected or appointed and qualified,
as the case may be, in accordance with the articles of incorporation and the bylaws of the surviving corporation.

Representations and Warranties

We have made a number of representations and warranties to Campbell and Merger Sub in the merger
agreement regarding aspects of our business and other matters pertinent to the merger. The topics covered by
these representations and warranties include the following:

67



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 73/191

• our capitalization, including the number of shares of our common stock and other equity interests
issued and outstanding;

• absence of preemptive or other similar rights or debt securities that give their holders the right to vote
with our shareholders;

• our corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the merger agreement, to consummate the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to comply with the terms
of the merger agreement;

• the enforceability of the merger agreement against us;

• our Board’s approval of the merger agreement;

• the absence of any violation of our charter documents, certain contracts or laws or judgments to which
we are subject as a result of our execution and delivery of the merger agreement and our consummation
of the merger;

• the consents, approvals, notices and other similar actions with respect to governmental entities and
other third parties required as a result of our execution and delivery of the merger agreement and our
consummation of the merger;

• the filing of required reports and other documents by us with the SEC, the compliance of such reports
and documents with the applicable requirements of the federal securities laws, rules and regulations,
the compliance of our financial statements included in such reports and documents with applicable
accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC, the absence of any outstanding or
unresolved comments received by us from the SEC and the absence of certain types of undisclosed
liabilities;

• the preparation of our financial statements included in our reports and documents filed with the SEC in
accordance with GAAP;

• compliance with the applicable listing rules and governance rules of NASDAQ Stock Market;

• the maintenance by us of internal control over financial reporting and disclosure controls and
procedures designed to ensure timely and adequate reporting;

• absence of SEC inquiries or investigations, other governmental inquiries or investigations or internal
investigations regarding any of our accounting practices;

• absence of certain undisclosed liabilities;

• the absence of any joint venture, off-balance sheet partnership or other similar arrangement entered into
for the purpose of, intended to, or with the known result of, avoiding the disclosure of any material
transaction or liability;

• absence of a Company Material Adverse Effect that is continuing since December 31, 2016 and the
conduct of our and our subsidiaries respective businesses in the ordinary course of business consistent
with past practice since September 30, 2017;

• certain pending and threatened litigation;

• our compliance with all applicable laws and judgments;

• the accuracy of the information supplied by us in connection with this proxy statement;

• tax matters;

• employee benefits and labor matters;

• environmental matters;

• material contracts;

• real and personal property;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

68



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 74/191

• intellectual property;

• insurance policies, claims and warranties;

• our products’ quality and compliance with applicable laws;

• fees and relationships with brokers and other advisors;

• opinions from financial advisors;

• related party transactions;

• compliance with certain domestic and foreign corruption laws and customs and international trade
laws; and

• the effect of anti-takeover statutes and the absence of a shareholder rights plan.

• changes generally affecting the economy or political conditions or financial or securities markets or
industries in which the Company or its subsidiaries operate;

• acts of war (whether or not declared), the commencement, continuation or escalation of a war, acts of
armed hostility, sabotage or terrorism or any material worsening of such conditions threatened or
existing as of the date of the merger agreement or natural disasters or other force majeure events;

• any changes in law or GAAP or other accounting standards;

• our failure to meet published or internal projections, forecasts, predictions, estimates or expectations of
the Company’s or its subsidiaries’ past or projected revenue, earnings or other financial performance or
results of operations for any period, in and of itself;

• any events to the extent attributable to the execution, announcement or pendency of the merger
agreement or the anticipated consummations of the transactions contemplated therein, or
communication by Campbell or its affiliates with respect to the post-closing conduct of the business or
assets of the Company or its subsidiaries;

• any decline in the market price or trading volume of the Company common stock;

• any events resulting from or arising out of any actions taken by the Company or any of its subsidiaries,
on the one hand, and Campbell or any of its subsidiaries, on the other hand, as required by the merger
agreement; or

• any action or omission explicitly required under the merger agreement or any action taken or omitted to
be taken at the specific request of Campbell or Merger Sub or omission caused by the failure of
Campbell to provide a consent (other than any such consent with respect to which Campbell has
reasonably withheld such consent pursuant to and consistent with the merger agreement);

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Some of our representations and warranties are qualified by a material adverse effect standard. The merger
agreement provides that a “Company Material Adverse Effect” is any change, effect, event, violation, inaccuracy,
state of facts, development, circumstance or occurrence that, individually or when taken together with all other
events, (i) has a material adverse effect on the operations, financial condition, business, properties, assets or
liabilities of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (ii) would, or would reasonably be expected to, prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the merger or to perform any of
its material obligations under the merger agreement without material delay; provided, however, that, in the case
of clause (i), in no event will any of the following events constitute or be taken into account in determining
whether there has been a Company Material Adverse Effect:

provided, that, with respect to each of the first three bullets above, events resulting from any change, event,
circumstance or development that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a disproportionate adverse
effect on us and our subsidiaries shall be considered for purposes of determining whether a Company Material
Adverse Effect has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur.

69



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 75/191

• their organization and good standing;

• the enforceability of the merger agreement against them;

• their corporate power and authority to execute and deliver the merger agreement, to consummate the
merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to comply with the terms
of the merger agreement;

• Campbell’s board of directors’ approval of the merger agreement;

• the absence of any violation of Campbell’s charter documents, certain contracts or laws and judgments
applicable to Campbell as a result of Campbell’s execution and delivery of the merger agreement and
the consummation of the merger;

• the consents, approvals, notices and other similar actions with respect to governmental authorities
required as a result of Campbell’s execution and delivery of the merger agreement and the
consummation of the merger;

• the accuracy of information supplied by Campbell and Merger Sub for inclusion in this proxy
statement;

• Campbell’s ownership and formation of Merger Sub;

• the sufficiency of the financing obtained by Campbell in connection with the execution of the merger
agreement, together with other financial resources of Campbell, for the satisfaction of all of Campbell’s
obligations under the merger agreement, including to pay the aggregate consideration payable by
Campbell on the closing date;

• the absence of certain legal proceedings;

• use of brokers; and

• non-reliance on our estimates.

• issue, sell, grant, dispose of or pledge any capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, or any
securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or evidencing the right to
subscribe for any shares of our capital stock, voting securities or equity interests or any rights,
warrants, options, calls, commitments or similar agreements to acquire any such capital stock, voting
securities or equity interests, subject to certain exceptions;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Campbell and Merger Sub have made a number of representations and warranties to us regarding various
matters pertinent to the merger. The topics covered by these representations and warranties include the following:

Covenants

Conduct of Our Business Prior to the Merger

In the merger agreement, we have agreed that before the effective time of the merger, subject to certain
exceptions, we will carry on our, and we will cause each of our subsidiaries to carry on their, business in the
ordinary course consistent with past practice in all material respects, comply in all material respects with all
applicable laws and the requirements of all material contracts, use commercially reasonable efforts consistent
with past practice to maintain and preserve intact our and our subsidiaries’ business organization, maintain in
effect all governmental authorizations, preserve our present relationships with our lenders and customers,
suppliers, distributors and others having business relationships with us and retain the services of our present
officers and key employees, and use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practice to keep in full
force and effect all material insurance policies maintained by us and our subsidiaries, other than changes to such
policies made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

In addition, we have agreed, with specified exceptions, to various restrictions, including restrictions on our
and our subsidiaries ability to:

70



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 76/191

• incur or assume any indebtedness or guarantee any indebtedness of another person, other than
borrowings in the ordinary course of business in amounts not in excess of  $10,000,000 in the
aggregate, borrowings in the ordinary course of business under letters of credit, lines of credit or other
credit facilities in effects on the date of the merger agreement and borrowings from us by our
subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

• sell, transfer, lease, sublease, exclusively license, pledge, mortgage encumber or otherwise dispose of
or subject to any lien other than permitted liens any of our properties or assets, except in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, pursuant to certain contracts in force on the date of the
merger agreement, a true, correct and complete copy of which has been provided to Campbell, sales or
dispositions by us or any of our wholly owned subsidiaries to us or any of our wholly owned
subsidiaries, sales or dispositions not exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate, provided, that the sale or
disposition of any brand owned by us shall not be deemed ordinary course of business, or dispositions
of obsolete or worthless assets;

• incur or commit to incur any capital expenditures that individually are in excess of  $1,000,000 or in the
aggregate are in excess of  $5,000,000;

• acquire by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all or a substantial portion of the assets of,
or by any other manner, any person or division, business or equity interest of any person, or any assets,
rights or properties from any other person, other than purchases of goods, equipment, products, licenses
of intellectual property and other assets in the ordinary course of business or pursuant to existing
contracts or acquisitions no exceeding $1,0000,000 individually or $5,000,000 in the aggregate;

• make any investment in, or loan or advance (other than travel and similar advances to its employees in
the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice) to, any person other than a direct or
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of us in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
in an aggregate amount not to exceed $5,000,000;

• except in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement, enter into,
terminate, amend or modify any material contract (other than extensions at the end of term thereof in
accordance with the terms thereof), or waive, release or assign any material rights, claims or benefits
under any material contract and enter into any contract that would have been a material contract had it
been entered into prior to the date of the merger agreement, unless such contract is on terms
substantially consistent with, or on terms more favorable to us and/or our subsidiaries than a contract it
is replacing;

• except in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by the merger agreement, (1) enter
into or extend the term or scope of any contract that purports to restrict or limit us from engaging in any
line of business or in any geographic area, (2) amend or modify the engagement letters of each of
Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., (3) enter into any contract that would
be breached by, or require the consent of any third party in order to continue in full force following,
consummation of the merger, or (4) release any person from, or modify or waive any provision of, any
confidentiality, standstill or similar agreement;

• sell, license, sublicense, covenant not to sue, assign, transfer, abandon, allow to lapse, otherwise
dispose of or grant any rights in any owned intellectual property (other than non-exclusive licenses
granted to third persons in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or with respect
to immaterial or obsolete owned intellectual property) or disclose any material trade secrets or
confidential information of us or any of our subsidiaries to any other person, other than in the ordinary
course of business or pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement to a person bound by reasonable
confidentiality obligations;

• (1) increase in any manner the compensation, including the payment of any bonus or award or granting
of any loan, of any of our directors, officers, employees or individual service providers, (2) enter into,
establish, amend or terminate any employment, consulting, retention, change in control, collective
bargaining, bonus or other incentive compensation, profit sharing, health or other welfare, share option
or other equity (or equity-based), pension, retirement, vacation,

TABLE OF CONTENTS

71



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 77/191

• make or change any material tax election, except to the extent consistent with past practice, amend any
material tax return, or file any claims for material amounts of tax refunds, enter into any material
closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code, agree to an extension or waiver of
the statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of any material taxes, settle
any material tax claim or surrender any right to claim a refund, offset or other reduction of material
taxes, or request any material tax ruling;

• make any changes in financial or tax accounting methods, principles or practices (or change an annual
accounting period), except insofar as may be required by a change in GAAP or applicable law;

• amend our or any of our subsidiaries organizational documents;
• adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring, recapitalization,

merger, consolidation or other reorganization (other than transactions exclusively between our wholly
owned subsidiaries or between any of our wholly owned subsidiaries and us);

• pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), in each case for an amount in excess of  $1,000,000 individually
or $5,000,000 in the aggregate, other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in
accordance with their terms of liabilities, claims or obligations reflected or reserved against in our most
recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto);

• settle or compromise for an amount in excess of  $1,000,000 individually or $5,000,000 in the
aggregate any litigation, proceeding or investigation, other than settlements or compromises to the
extent reflected or reserved against in our most recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes
thereto) for an amount not in excess of the amount so reflected or reserved; provided that, the payment,
discharge, settlement or satisfaction of any such litigation, proceeding or investigation does not include
any material obligation (other than the payment of money) to be performed by us or any of our
subsidiaries;

• take any action to increase the vote required for approval by our shareholders;
• (i) enter into any new line of business other than any line of business that is reasonably ancillary to and

a reasonably foreseeable extension of any line of business as of the date of the merger agreement, or (ii)
start to conduct a line of business in any geographic area where it is not conducted as of the date of the
merger agreement, other than starting to conduct a line of business in geographic areas that are
reasonable extensions to geographic areas where such business line is conducted as of the date of the
merger agreement;

• hire any new officer, employee, consultant or individual service provider (provided that (1) we shall be
permitted to hire employees, consultants or other individual service providers with an aggregate annual
base compensation and target incentive opportunity below $250,000 in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice to fill positions that are open as of the date hereof or that become open
following the date hereof to the extent reasonably necessary as determined by us in our sole discretion,
and (2) we shall be permitted to hire any new officer, employee, consultant or individual service
provider to fill certain positions agreed to by the parties; or

• authorize, commit or agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the foregoing actions.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

severance, deferred compensation or other compensation or benefit plan, policy, agreement, trust, fund
or arrangement, with, for or in respect of, any director, officer, other employee, consultant, independent
contractor or affiliate, or (3) except as specifically contemplated by the merger agreement, accelerate
the time of payment or vesting of, or the lapsing of restrictions with respect to, or fund or otherwise
secure the payment of, any compensation or benefits under any company plan, in each case, other than
as required pursuant to applicable law or any existing agreement, company plan or arrangement as of
the date of the merger agreement;

No Solicitation of Acquisition Proposals

We have agreed that we will not, and will not authorize or permit any of our subsidiaries to, nor will we
authorize or permit any of our or our subsidiaries’ directors, officers or employees or any of our or their
investment bankers, attorneys, accountants or other advisors or representatives to, directly or indirectly:

72



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 78/191

• solicit, initiate, cause, induce, facilitate or encourage (including by way of furnishing information) any
inquiries or proposals that constitute, or may reasonably be expected to lead to the making, submission
or announcement of any such acquisition proposal (as defined in the merger agreement and described
below under the heading “— Covenants — Board Recommendation” beginning on page 74) or
otherwise knowingly cooperate with or knowingly assist the making, submission or announcement of
any such acquisition proposal;

• participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person regarding any such acquisition proposal;

• disclose any non-public information relating to us or any of our subsidiaries to, afford access to our or
our subsidiaries’ business, properties, assets, books or records to, or knowingly assist, participate in,
facilitate or encourage any effort by, any person that is seeking to make, or has made, any such
acquisition proposal; or

• enter into any merger or other agreement, agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, joint
venture agreement, partnership agreement or other similar instrument in each case providing for or
contemplating any such acquisition proposal (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement, as
defined in the merger agreement and described below under the heading “— Covenants — Board
Recommendation” beginning on page 74).

• contact such person or group of persons making such acquisition proposal solely to clarify the terms
and conditions thereof;

• provide non-public information and data concerning us and our subsidiaries to such person or group of
persons and their representatives, their affiliates and their prospective equity and debt financing sources
if we receive from such person an acceptable confidentiality agreement; provided, that we shall
promptly make available to Campbell any non-public information concerning us or our subsidiaries
that we made available to any person or group of persons and their representatives, their affiliates and
prospective equity and debt financing sources if such information was not previously made available to
Campbell and Merger Sub;

• engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with such person or group of persons if the
acquisition proposal was not solicited in violation of the merger agreement and only to the extent that,
(i) prior to taking any action described in this bullet or the previous bullet, our Board, or a committee
thereof, determines in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that failure to take
such action would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under
applicable law, and (ii) in each such case referred to in this bullet or the previous bullet, our Board, or a
committee thereof, has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and
financial advisor) that such acquisition proposal either constitutes a superior proposal (as defined in the
merger agreement and described below under the heading “— Covenants — Board Recommendation”
beginning on page 74) or could reasonably be expected to result in a superior proposal, and (iii) before
engaging or participating in any such discussions or negotiations with or furnishing any information to,
such person, we give written notice to Campbell.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Despite these general prohibitions, if at any time prior to the approval of the merger agreement by our
shareholders we receive a bona fide, written acquisition proposal that was not solicited in violation of the merger
agreement, subject to the conditions described below, we may, and may permit and authorize our representatives
to:

We will promptly (and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) notify Campbell if any acquisition
proposal is received by us indicating, in connection with such notice, the identity of the person making the
acquisition proposal and the material terms and conditions thereof  (including, if applicable, copies of any written
documentation constituting the acquisition proposal, including proposed agreements). In the event that any such
person modifies its acquisition proposal in any material respect, we will notify Campbell within twenty-four (24)
hours after receipt of such modified acquisition proposal of the fact that such acquisition proposal has been
modified and the terms of such modification (including, if applicable, copies of any written documentation
reflecting such modification) and thereafter shall keep Campbell reasonably

73



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 79/191

• withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend, or modify (or publicly propose or resolve to withhold, withdraw,
qualify, amend, or modify), in a manner adverse to Campbell or Merger Sub, the merger
recommendation or approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or recommend, any
acquisition proposal or make or authorize the making of any public statement (oral or written) that has
the substantive effect of such withdrawal, qualification, amendment, or modification (any such action
or failure to act being referred to as a “change of recommendation”);

• cause or permit us to enter into any letter of intent, merger agreement, term sheet, agreement in
principle, memorandum of understanding, share purchase agreement, asset purchase agreement, share
exchange agreement or other similar agreement (other than an acceptable confidentiality agreement)
constituting or relating to any acquisition proposal (any such instrument being referred to as an
“alternative acquisition agreement”); or

• approve, recommend, or publicly propose to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement.

• our Board, or a committee thereof, in good faith determines (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel) that the failure to take such action would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the
directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable law;

• we notify Campbell in writing, at least four business days in advance (and two business days in
advance, if such notification relates to the superior proposal, in respect of which a notification had
previously been made, and terms of which superior proposal materially changed), that it intends to
effect a change of recommendation in connection with a superior proposal or effect a fiduciary
termination with respect to a superior proposal, which notice shall specify the identity of the person
who made such superior proposal and the material terms and conditions of such superior proposal;

• after providing such notice and prior to making such change of recommendation in connection with a
superior proposal or effecting a fiduciary termination with respect to a superior proposal, if requested
by Campbell, we shall negotiate in good faith with Campbell during such four business day period (or
such two business day period, as the case may be) to make such revisions to the terms of the merger
agreement so that failure to effect such change of recommendation or effect a fiduciary termination
would no longer be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under
applicable law; and

• our Board, or a committee thereof, shall have considered in good faith (after consultation with its
outside legal counsel and financial advisor) any changes to the merger agreement offered in writing by
Campbell in a manner that would form a binding contract if accepted by us and shall have determined
in good faith that the superior proposal would continue to constitute a superior proposal if such changes
offered in writing by Campbell were to be given effect.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

informed, on a reasonably current basis, of material changes in the status and terms of any such proposals or
offers (including any amendments thereto) and any material changes to the status of any such discussions or
negotiations. We will not, and will cause our subsidiaries not to, enter into any confidentiality agreement
subsequent to the date of the merger agreement which prohibits us from providing to Campbell such material
terms and conditions and other information.

Board Recommendation

The merger agreement provides that neither our Board nor any committee of our Board will, or will agree or
resolve to:

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the merger agreement to the contrary, if, prior to
such time as the shareholder approval is obtained, our Board, or a committee thereof, receives a bona fide written
acquisition proposal, which shall not have been solicited in violation of the merger agreement, which acquisition
proposal our Board, or a committee thereof, determines in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and financial advisor) constitutes a superior proposal, our Board, and a committee thereof, may effect a
change of recommendation and may also terminate the merger agreement, but only if:

74



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 80/191

• our Board, or a committee thereof, in good faith determines (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel) that in light of such intervening event, the failure to take such action would be reasonably
likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable law;

• we notify Campbell in writing, at least four business days in advance (and two business days in
advance, if such notification relates to the intervening event, in respect of which a notification had
previously been made, and circumstances of which intervening event materially changed) which notice
shall not itself constitute a change of recommendation and shall (1) state that an intervening event has
occurred and that our Board, or a committee thereof, has determined that in light of such intervening
event, the failure to effect a change of recommendation would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent
with the directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable law, and that we intend to take such action and
(2) specify the details of such intervening event and the basis upon which our Board intends to effect a
change of recommendation;

• after providing such notice and prior to making such change of recommendation in connection with an
intervening event, if requested by Campbell, we shall negotiate in good faith with Campbell during
such four business day period (or such two business day period, as the case may be) to make such
revisions to the terms of the merger agreement so that failure to make such change of recommendation
would no longer be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under
applicable law; and

• our Board, or a committee thereof, shall have considered in good faith (after consultation with its
outside legal counsel and financial advisor) any changes to the merger agreement offered in writing by
Campbell in a manner that would form a binding contract if accepted by us and shall have determined
in good faith that the failure to effect a change of recommendation with respect to such intervening
event would still be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under
applicable law.

• a merger, consolidation, business combination, asset purchase, recapitalization, joint venture,
partnership, spin-off, extraordinary dividend, or similar transaction with any person or group of
persons, other than Campbell and its subsidiaries, that involves any of us or any of our subsidiaries; or

• any direct or indirect acquisition (whether by tender offer, share purchase, share exchange or other
manner) by any person or group of persons, other than Campbell and its subsidiaries,

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of the merger agreement to the contrary, our Board, or
a committee thereof, may also effect a change of recommendation in the absence of a superior proposal if an
intervening event (as defined in the merger agreement and described below) shall have occurred and be
continuing, but only if:

The covenant in the merger agreement generally prohibiting us from soliciting takeover proposals does not
prevent us from taking and disclosing to our shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 and 14e-2(a)
promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act (or any similar communications to the shareholders of the
Company) or from making any “stop-look-and-listen” communication to the shareholders of the Company
pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act (or any similar communications to the
shareholders of the Company); provided the foregoing shall in no way eliminate or modify the effect that any
such disclosure would otherwise have under the merger agreement.

An “acquisition proposal” means any inquiry, proposal, indication of interest, or offer (whether in writing or
otherwise) with respect to:

which, in the case of each bullet above, if consummated would result in any person or group of persons, other
than Campbell and its subsidiaries, becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or indirectly, in one or a series of
related transactions, equity securities of us or any of our subsidiaries representing more than twenty percent
(20%) of all of our outstanding equity securities (by vote or value), or more than twenty percent (20%) of the
consolidated total assets (including, equity securities of our subsidiaries) of us and our subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, in each case other than the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

75



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 81/191

• the receipt, existence or terms of an acquisition proposal or any matter relating to an acquisition
proposal or consequence of an acquisition proposal;

• solely any changes in our market price or trading volume; or

• solely our meeting, failing to meet or exceeding published or unpublished revenue or earnings
projections,

• to the extent required by applicable law, including by the fiduciary duties of our Board;

• to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and/or mailing of any supplemental or amended
disclosure that our Board has determined in good faith after consultation with outside legal counsel is
necessary under applicable law and for such supplemental or amended disclosure to be disseminated
and reviewed by our shareholders prior to the shareholders’ meeting; or

• if as of the time for which the shareholders’ meeting is originally scheduled (as set forth in this proxy
statement) there are insufficient shares of our common stock represented (either in person or by proxy)
in order to obtain the shareholder approval;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

A “superior proposal” means any bona fide, written acquisition proposal, which shall not have been solicited
in violation of the non-solicitation covenants contained in the merger agreement, (provided, that for purpose of
this definition, the percentages in the definition of acquisition proposal shall be fifty percent (50%) rather than
twenty percent (20%) made by a third party that did not result from a material breach of the non-solicitation
covenants contained in the merger agreement for a transaction that is on terms that our Board, or a committee
thereof, determines, in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor), to be
(1) more favorable to the holders of our common stock from a financial point of view than the merger, taking into
account all the terms and conditions, and the likelihood of completion of, such acquisition proposal and the
merger agreement (including any offer by Campbell to amend the terms of the merger agreement) that are
deemed in good faith to be relevant by our Board, or a committee thereof and (2) reasonably capable of being
completed, taking into account all financial, legal, regulatory, and other aspects of such proposal.

An “intervening event” is any event or circumstance that was not known to, or reasonably foreseeable by,
our Board, or a committee thereof, prior to the execution of the merger agreement (or if known, the consequences
of which were not known or reasonably expected to occur), which event or circumstance becomes known to or
reasonably foreseeable by (or the consequences of which become known to, or reasonably expected to occur by)
our Board, or a committee thereof, after the execution of the merger agreement by us and prior to such time as
shareholder approval is obtained; provided, however, that in no event shall the following will not be considered to
constitute an intervening event:

it being understood that with respect to the second and third bullets the facts or occurrences giving rise or
contributing to such change or event may be taken into account when determining an intervening event to the
extent otherwise satisfying this definition.

Shareholders Meeting

We have agreed, subject to any applicable legal restraints, to convene and hold a shareholders’ meeting for
the purpose of the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders, as promptly as practicable following
clearance by the SEC of this proxy statement. We may not postpone, recess or adjourn the shareholders’ meeting
except:

provided, in the cases of the second and third bullets, that the date of the shareholders’ meeting is not postponed
or adjourned more than an aggregate of thirty days.

We are required to hold the shareholders’ meeting regardless of whether our Board determines prior to the
date of such meeting that the merger agreement is no longer advisable, recommends that our shareholders reject
the merger agreement or effects a change of recommendation.

76



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 82/191

• preparing and filing, in consultation with the other party and as promptly as practicable and advisable
after the date of the merger agreement, all documentation to effect all necessary applications, notices,
petitions, filings, tax ruling requests and other documents and to obtain as promptly as practicable all
consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals, permits, tax rulings and
authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party (including, any landlords or
sublandlords in connection with our leased properties) and/or any governmental authority to
consummate the transactions;

• taking such steps as may be necessary or advisable to obtain all such material consents, clearances,
waivers, licenses, registrations, permits, authorizations, tax rulings, orders and approvals; and

• contesting and resisting any administrative or judicial action or proceeding instituted (or threatened in
writing to be instituted), and taking all reasonable steps to lift or rescind any injunction or restraining
order or other order, adversely affecting the ability of the parties to consummate the merger or any of
the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

• propose, negotiate, commit to, effect and agree to, by consent decree, hold separate order or otherwise,
the sale, divestiture, license, holding separate, and other disposition of and restriction on the businesses,
assets, properties, product lines, and equity interests of, or changes to the conduct of business of, us or
any of our subsidiaries) and take such action or actions that would in the aggregate have a similar
effect,

• create, terminate, or divest relationships, ventures, contractual rights or obligations of us or any of our
subsidiaries, and

• otherwise take or commit to take any action that would limit Campbell’s freedom of action with respect
to, or its ability to retain or hold, directly or indirectly, of our or our subsidiaries’ businesses, assets,
equity interests, product lines or properties;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Efforts to Consummate the Merger; Regulatory Matters

We and Campbell have each agreed to, and have agreed to cause our respective subsidiaries to, use our
respective reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things
necessary, proper or advisable under the merger agreement and applicable laws and regulations to consummate
and make effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to use their
respective reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions to each party’s obligation to effect the merger to be
satisfied as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and in any event prior to the end date, including:

Campbell and the Company shall, in order to permit the satisfaction of the conditions to the merger
agreement as promptly as practicable and advisable,

provided that any such sales, divestitures, licenses, holdings, dispositions, restrictions, changes or similar effects
are conditioned upon and become effective only from and after the effective time; provided, further, however,
that nothing contained in the merger agreement shall require Campbell or us to take, or cause to be taken, or
commit to take, or commit to cause to be taken, any divestiture, license, hold separate, sale or other disposition,
of or with respect to assets, businesses or product lines of  (i) Campbell or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) us or any
of our subsidiaries, if, in the case of us and our subsidiaries, doing so will have or would reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on us. Without limiting the foregoing, in no
event shall we (and we shall not permit our subsidiaries to) propose, negotiate, effect or agree to any such actions
without the prior written consent of Campbell.

Financing of the Merger

Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s obligation to complete the merger is not conditioned upon its obtaining
financing. Campbell anticipates that approximately $5.0 billion will be required to pay the aggregate cash portion
of the merger consideration to our shareholder and to pay fees and expenses relating to the merger. Campbell
intends to fund the cash component of the merger through sources of debt financing and cash on hand. In
connection with entering into the merger agreement, Campbell entered into the debt commitment letter with the
Commitment Parties. Pursuant to and subject to the terms of the debt commitment letter, the

77



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 83/191

• the approval of the merger agreement by our shareholders;

• the expiration or termination of any waiting period applicable to the merger required under the HSR
Act, which was satisfied on February 2, 2018 when the waiting period was terminated; and

• the absence of outstanding judgment, injunction, order or decree of a competent governmental
authority or other legal restraint or prohibition or other law that prohibits, enjoins or makes illegal the
consummation of the merger or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

• our representations and warranties regarding certain matters relating to our capitalization must be true
and correct (except for de minimis inaccuracies) in all respects as of the date of the merger agreement
and as of the closing date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly
speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct
(except for de minimis inaccuracies) as of such earlier date only);

• our representations and warranties regarding certain matters relating to absence of certain changes and
events must be true and correct in all respects as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the
closing date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an
earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier
date only);

• our representations and warranties relating to our corporate authority to enter into the merger
agreement, the approval of the merger agreement and certain other matters by our Board, our use of
brokers and other advisors, the effect of anti-takeover statutes and the absence of a shareholder rights
plan must be true and correct in all material respects, in each case, as of the date of the merger
agreement and as of the closing date, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that
any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date only);

• our representations and warranties set forth in the merger agreement other than those listed above,
disregarding all qualifications and exceptions contained in the merger agreement relating to materiality
or material adverse effect or any correlative qualifiers contained therein, must be true and correct as of
the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date as though made on and as of such date
(except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in
which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date only),
except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect;

• our performance, in all material respects, of all obligations required to be performed by us under the
merger agreement at or prior to the closing date; and

• Campbell’s receipt of a certificate dated as of the closing date and signed on our behalf by an
authorized officer, stating that certain of the closing conditions have been satisfied.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Commitment Parties committed to provide to Campbell the bridge facility. On December 29, 2017, Campbell, the
Commitment Parties and the lenders party thereto entered into a $1.2 billion unsecured term loan facility
contemplated by the debt commitment letter, resulting in a corresponding, permanent reduction to the
commitments with respect to the bridge facility. The proceeds of the term loans will be used to fund a portion of
the amounts payable pursuant to the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby. The remaining
portion of the bridge facility is anticipated to be replaced or refinanced by Campbell’s issuance of senior
unsecured notes through a public offering or in a private placement.

Conditions to the Closing of the Merger

Our, Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the following conditions:

Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to effect the merger are further subject to the satisfaction by us or
waiver by them of the following conditions:

78



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 84/191

• Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement
(without giving effect to any “materiality”, “material adverse effect” or any correlative qualifiers
contained therein) must be true and correct, except where the failure of any such representation and
warranty to be so true and correct would not prevent, materially delay or materially impede the ability
of Campbell and Merger Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
as of the date of the merger agreement and as of the closing date as though made on and as of such date
and time (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an
earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier
date);

• Campbell and Merger Sub must have performed in all material respects the obligations required to be
performed by them under the merger agreement at or prior to the closing date; and

• our receipt of a certificate dated as of the closing date and signed on behalf of Campbell and Merger
Sub by an authorized officer, stating that certain of the closing conditions have been satisfied.

• by our and Campbell’s mutual written consent;

• by either Campbell or us, if:

• the merger is not consummated by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time) on September 18, 2018;

• our shareholders do not approve the merger agreement at the shareholders meeting (or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof) that we have held for such purpose; or

• any outstanding judgment, injunction, order or decree of a competent governmental authority or
other legal restraint or prohibition restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the
consummation of the merger has become final and nonappealable;

• by us, if:

• at any time prior to the receipt of shareholder approval if  (i) our Board, or a committee thereof,
authorizes us, subject to complying with the terms of the merger agreement, to enter into definitive
transaction documentation providing for a superior proposal, (ii) immediately prior to or promptly
after the termination of the merger agreement, we enter into definitive transaction documentation
with respect to a superior proposal and (iii) immediately prior to such termination we pay to
Campbell in immediately available funds any fees required to be paid pursuant to the termination
provisions of the merger agreement;

• at any time prior to the effective time if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by Campbell or Merger Sub in the merger agreement, or any such
representation and warranty shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement, such
that the conditions set forth in the merger agreement would not be satisfied and such breach or
failure to be true is not curable or, if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of  (i) thirty days after
written notice thereof is given by us to Campbell and (ii) the date that is three business days prior
to September 18, 2018; provided, however, that we shall

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Our obligations to effect the merger are subject to the further satisfaction by Campbell and/or Merger Sub or
waiver by us of the following conditions:

No party to the merger agreement may rely on the failure to satisfy any of the aforementioned conditions to
excuse such party’s obligation to effect the merger if such failure was caused, in whole or in part, by such party’s
breach or frustration of any provision of the merger agreement.

Termination of the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement may be terminated under the following circumstances:

but this right to terminate the merger agreement will not be available to any party whose breach or failure to
fulfill any obligation under the merger agreement has been the primary cause of, or the primary factor that
resulted in, the circumstance enabling termination.

79



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 85/191

• (i) all of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement have been and continue to be satisfied or
waived (other than those conditions that by their nature cannot be satisfied other than at closing),
(ii) we have confirmed by written notice to Campbell that we intend to terminate the merger
agreement if Campbell and Merger Sub fail to consummate the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement when required and (iii) Campbell and Merger Sub fail to consummate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement within two business days of the date the
closing should have occurred.

• by Campbell, if:

• at any time prior to the effective time (i) our Board has effectuated a change of recommendation,
(ii) our Board or any committee thereof  (A) shall not have rejected any acquisition proposal
within two business days of the making thereof  (including, for these purposes, by taking no
position with respect to the acceptance by our shareholders of a tender offer or exchange offer,
which shall constitute a failure to reject such acquisition proposal) or (B) shall have failed to
publicly reconfirm the merger recommendation within three business days after receipt of a
written request from Campbell that it do so if such request is made following the making by any
person of an acquisition proposal (provided that we shall not be required to reconfirm the merger
recommendation more than once) or (iii) we shall have failed to comply in all material respects
with our obligations under the merger agreement relating to the shareholder meeting and non-
solicitation; provided, however, that Campbell may only exercise this termination right prior to
receipt of shareholder approval; or

• at any time prior to the effective time there has been a breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by us in the merger agreement, or any such representation and
warranty shall have become untrue after the date of the merger agreement, such that the conditions
regarding accuracy of our representations and warranties and our performance of obligations
under the merger agreement would not be satisfied and such breach or failure to be true is not
curable or, if curable, is not cured before the earlier of (i) thirty days after written notice of such
breach or failure is given by Campbell to us and (ii) the date that is three business days prior to
September 18, 2018; provided, however, that Campbell will not have the right to terminate the
merger agreement at any time when Campbell or Merger Sub is in breach of the merger agreement
and such breach would cause, or result in, the failure of any of the conditions regarding accuracy
of Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s representations and warranties and Campbell’s and Merger Sub’s
performance of obligations under the merger agreement to be satisfied.

• We will pay to Campbell $149 million:

• on the date we consummate the acquisition proposal, if  (i) the merger agreement is terminated by
Campbell or us pursuant to either the end date termination right or our failure to obtain the
shareholder approval, or by Campbell pursuant to the termination right on the basis of a breach of
a representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained in the merger agreement by us, (ii)
any person shall have publicly disclosed a bona fide acquisition

TABLE OF CONTENTS

not have the right to terminate the merger agreement at any time when we are in breach of the
merger agreement and such breach would cause, or result in, the failure of any of the conditions
set forth in the merger agreement to be satisfied; or

Fees and Expenses

Except as described below under “The Merger Agreement — Termination Fees,” all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
will be paid by the party incurring such expenses whether or not the merger is consummated.

Termination Fees

The merger agreement provides for the payment of a termination fee in connection with a termination of the
merger agreement under the following circumstances:

80



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 86/191

• promptly but in no event later than three business days after the date of such termination if the
merger agreement is terminated by Campbell pursuant to the recommendation change termination
right; or

• immediately prior to or concurrently with such termination, if we terminate the merger agreement
in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal in accordance with
the non-solicitation provisions in the merger agreement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

proposal after the date of the merger agreement and prior to such termination, which acquisition
proposal had not been publicly withdrawn (in the case of a termination for failure to obtain the
shareholder approval, which acquisition proposal had not been withdrawn prior to the
shareholders’ meeting), and (iii) within twelve months after such termination we shall have
entered into a definitive agreement with respect to any acquisition proposal, which acquisition
proposal is subsequently consummated (provided, that for purposes of determining whether we
have to pay the termination fee the references to “20%” in the definition of  “acquisition proposal”
will be deemed to be references to “50%”);

In no event will we be required to pay a termination fee on more than one occasion.

In the event that the merger agreement is terminated by us pursuant to a breach of any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement made by Campbell or Merger Sub or due to a failure of Campbell and Merger
Sub to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement then Campbell will promptly, but in
no event later than three business days after the date of such termination, pay or cause to be paid to us, in each
case, an amount equal to $198.6 million. In no event will Campbell be required to pay this parent fee on more
than one occasion.

Campbell will be required to pay or cause to be paid to us $50 million promptly, but in no event later than
three business days after the date of such termination, if at the time of such termination the conditions to closing
(other than those conditions that by their nature cannot be satisfied other than at closing) shall have been satisfied
or waived in accordance with the merger agreement and the merger agreement is terminated by Campbell or us
pursuant to the merger not having been consummated prior to the outside date, due to a failure to receive HSR
Act clearance or the presence of any judgment, injunction, order or decree of a competent governmental authority
or other legal restraint or prohibition restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the
merger due to the refusal by Campbell to divest, license, hold separate, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the
assets, businesses or product lines of Campbell or any of its subsidiaries.

Our receipt of the parent fee or the regulatory termination fee from Campbell, if paid, will be the sole and
exclusive remedy of us and our affiliates against Campbell, Merger Sub and any of their respective affiliates for
any loss suffered with respect to of the failure of merger to be consummated or for a breach or failure to perform
under the merger agreement or otherwise in the circumstances in which the parent fee or the regulatory
termination fee is payable. Campbell’s receipt of the termination fee from us, if paid, will be the sole and
exclusive remedy of Campbell, Merger Sub and their respective affiliates against us, our subsidiaries and any of
our and their respective affiliates for any loss suffered with respect to the failure of merger to be consummated or
for a breach or failure to perform under the merger agreement or otherwise in the circumstances in which the
termination fee is payable.

Indemnification and Insurance

Campbell will, and will cause the surviving corporation to, indemnify, defend and hold harmless the present
and former officers and directors of the Company and each of its subsidiaries (“indemnitees”), in respect of 
(i) the fact that such person was a director or officer of the Company or its subsidiaries or served in certain
positions at the request of the Company or its subsidiaries (ii) matters existing or occurring prior to the effective
date, including the merger agreement and the contemplated merger, and (iii) certain acts or omissions occurring at
or prior to the effective time of the merger, against any resulting losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses
(including attorneys’ fees and disbursements), fines, liabilities, judgments and amounts that are paid in
settlement, if such indemnitee is or is threatened to be made a party to any actual or threatened claim, in each
case to the same extent as the indemnitees are indemnified as of the date of the merger agreement by the
Company pursuant to applicable law, the Company’s and its subsidiaries’

81



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 87/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

organizational documents and indemnification agreements in existence as of the date of the merger agreement.
The surviving corporation will assume, and Campbell will cause the surviving corporation and its subsidiaries to
fulfill and honor in all respects, each indemnification agreement in effect between us or our subsidiaries and any
indemnitee as set forth in the disclosure schedule that we delivered to Campbell in connection with the signing of
the merger agreement and any indemnification provision, expense advancement provision and any exculpation
provision set forth in our and our subsidiaries’ respective articles of incorporation or bylaws (or comparable
organizational documents) as in effect on the date of the merger agreement.

In the event the surviving corporation consolidates with or merges into another entity and is not the
continuing or surviving entity of such consolidation or merger or transfers all or substantially all of its properties
and assets to another person, Campbell will cause the successors and assigns of the surviving corporation to
assume all indemnification and other obligations set forth above. In addition, if upon or following any merger,
consolidation or sale of assets any indemnifying party is or becomes a direct or indirect subsidiary of another
person, the ultimate parent entity of such indemnifying party shall guaranty the obligations of such indemnifying
party set forth above.

We will, or if we are unable to, Campbell will cause the surviving corporation as of the effective time of the
merger to, obtain and fully pay the premium for non-cancellable “tail” insurance policy with a claims period of at
least six years from the effective time of the merger with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that
are no less favorable than the coverage provided under our existing policies with respect to any actual or alleged
error, misstatement, misleading statement, act, omission, neglect, breach of duty or any matter claimed against
any of our or our subsidiaries’ directors or officers. If we or the surviving corporation for any reason fail to obtain
such “tail” insurance policies as of the effective time, the surviving corporation shall continue to maintain in
effect, for a period of at least six years from and after the effective time, the directors and officers insurance in
place as of the date of the merger agreement with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no
less favorable than the coverage provided under our existing policies as of the date of the merger agreement, or
the surviving corporation shall purchase comparable directors and officers insurance for such six-year period with
terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than as provided in our existing
policies as of the date hereof.

Benefits Matters

Under the merger agreement, Campbell, from the effective time through July 31, 2019, is required to
provide employees of the Company who are employed at the effective time and remain employed by the
Company, Campbell or their respective subsidiaries with (i) base salary or wages, annual cash bonus or cash
incentive compensation opportunities and employee benefits that are in the aggregate no less favorable than what
was provided to such employees immediately prior to the effective time (excluding the 2017 Enterprise Incentive
Plan (but including the value of other equity compensation), deferred compensation and stock purchase plans)
and (ii) severance benefits that are no less favorable than those described in the merger agreement.

In addition, Campbell shall provide that any employee benefit plan in which such employees are entitled to
participate following the effective time (“Campbell Plans”) take into account for purposes of eligibility, vesting,
accrual and level of benefits (subject to certain exclusions), service by such employees as if such service were
with Campbell to the same extent such service was credited under a comparable plan of the Company.
Additionally, with respect to Campbell Plans, Campbell shall cause there to be waived any eligibility
requirements or pre-existing condition limitations and, in determining any deductible, co-insurance or maximum
out-of-pocket limitations, give effect to amounts previously paid by such employees under similar plans
maintained by the Company. The merger agreement provides that the Company and Campbell acknowledge that
the effect of the merger shall be a “change in control” or “change of control” of the Company for purposes of any
applicable Company employee benefit plan.

Campbell agrees to pay each participant in the Company’s 2018 annual cash incentive plans who is
employed by the Company on the closing date of the merger the pro-rated amount of each such participant’s
target incentive opportunity no later than 30 days following the closing date. Additionally, each cash performance
award granted pursuant to the Company’s 2015, 2016 or 2017 Long-Term

82



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 88/191

• any notice or other communication received by such party from any governmental authority in
connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement or from any person alleging
that the consent of such person is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement,

• any actions commenced or, to our knowledge or Campbell’s knowledge, threatened against, relating to
or involving or otherwise affecting such party or any of its subsidiaries that relate to the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement,

• the discovery of any fact or circumstance that, or the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the
occurrence or non-occurrence of which, causes or is reasonably likely to cause:

• any representation or warranty contained in the merger agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any
material respect, or

• a material failure of Campbell and Merger Sub, on the one hand, or us, on the other hand, as the
case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant, condition, or agreement to be complied with
or satisfied under the merger agreement, in each case, if and only to the extent that such untruth,
inaccuracy or failure would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to the
obligations of us or Campbell and Merger Sub, as applicable, not being satisfied at the closing or
satisfaction of those conditions being materially delayed in violation of any provision of the
merger agreement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Performance Incentive Plan for Officers and Key Managers that was outstanding as of the date of the merger
agreement shall vest pro-rata based on the portion of the performance period that occurs prior to the closing date
and all performance-based vesting conditions shall be deemed to have been satisfied at the greater of target or
actual level of performance as of immediately prior to the effective time, and each cash performance award
granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan that was outstanding as of the date of the merger
agreement and remains outstanding as of the effective time shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of
performance for the quarter ending on or before the effective time, pro-rated as agreed upon by the parties in the
merger agreement. In exchange for cancellation of each such cash performance award, each holder thereof as of
the effective time shall be entitled to receive an amount in cash, without interest, equal to such cash performance
award, less any required tax withholding.

Additional Agreements

Except as would violate applicable law or securities exchange rules, we and Campbell have agreed to
consult with each other prior to making any press release or other public announcement with respect to the
merger.

Except as would violate applicable law, we have agreed to give prompt notice to Campbell, and Campbell
has agreed to give prompt notice to us, in writing of:

We have also agreed with Campbell to consult and cooperate in the defense of any litigation against us, our
subsidiaries and/or any of their respective directors or officers related to the merger or the other transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. While we have not agreed to give Campbell the right to direct the defense
of any such litigation, we have agreed to obtain the prior written consent of Campbell prior to settling any such
claim.

Extension, Waiver and Amendment of the Merger Agreement

We, Campbell and Merger Sub may amend the merger agreement at any time prior to the closing of the
merger if agreed upon in writing by all of us. However, after the approval of the merger agreement by our
shareholders, no amendment can be made that by law requires approval by our shareholders without obtaining
such approval.

We, Campbell or Merger Sub may waive any inaccuracies in another parry’s representations and warranties,
extend the time for performance of any of the obligations or acts of any other party to the merger agreement and
waive compliance with any of the agreements contained in the merger agreement or, except as otherwise
provided in the merger agreement, waive any of such party’s conditions, in each case if agreed upon in writing by
all of us.

83



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 89/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL NO. 2

ADJOURNMENT PROPOSAL

We are asking our shareholders to consider and vote upon a proposal to adjourn the special meeting, if
necessary or appropriate, including to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes at the time of the
special meeting to approve the merger agreement, which we refer to as the Adjournment Proposal. In that event, a
vote on the Adjournment Proposal will be held and our shareholders will not be asked to vote to approve the
merger agreement until such adjournment, if any. We do not intend to call a vote on the Adjournment Proposal if
the proposal to approve the merger agreement has been approved at the special meeting.

In order to allow proxies that have been received by us at the time of the special meeting to be voted for the
Adjournment Proposal, we are submitting the Adjournment Proposal to our shareholders as a separate matter for
their consideration. This proposal asks our shareholders to authorize the holder of any proxy solicited by our
Board on a discretionary basis to vote in favor of adjourning the special meeting to another time and place for the
purpose of soliciting additional proxies, including the solicitation of proxies from our shareholders who have
previously voted. If the special meeting is postponed or adjourned for any reason, including to solicit additional
proxies, shareholders who have already sent in their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their
use.

If it is necessary to adjourn the special meeting, then, unless the meeting will have been adjourned for a total
of more than 120 days, no notice of such adjourned meeting is required to be given to shareholders, other than an
announcement at the special meeting of the place, date and time to which the special meeting is adjourned. Even
if a quorum is not present, shareholders who are represented at a meeting may approve an adjournment of the
meeting.

Recommendation of Our Board

Our Board recommends that you vote “FOR” the Adjournment Proposal.

84



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 90/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL NO. 3

ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED COMPENSATION PROPOSAL

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, we are
required to submit a proposal to our shareholders to approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the payment of
certain compensation and benefits to our named executive officers that is based on or otherwise related to the
merger, which they will or may become entitled to receive from the Company (or its successor), which we refer
to as the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal. This merger-related compensation is summarized in the section
entitled “The Merger — Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 53,
including the footnotes and narrative disclosures in the subsection therein entitled “— Quantification of Payments
and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers” beginning on page 58.

Our Board encourages you to review carefully the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal disclosed in this
proxy statement.

Our Board recommends that our shareholders approve the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the shareholders of the Company hereby approve, on a non-binding, advisory basis, the
compensation that will or may become payable to the Company’s named executive officers that is based on or
otherwise related to the merger, and the agreements and understandings pursuant to which such compensation
may be paid or become payable, as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the table in the section
of the proxy statement titled “The Merger — Interests of Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger — 
Quantification of Payments and Benefits to the Company’s Named Executive Officers,” including the related
footnotes and narrative disclosures therein.”

The vote on the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal is a vote separate and apart from the vote on the
proposal to approve the merger agreement. Accordingly, you may vote to approve the merger agreement and vote
not to approve the Merger-Related Compensation Proposal and vice versa. Because the vote on the Merger-
Related Compensation Proposal is advisory only, it will not be binding on either the Company or Campbell.
Accordingly, if the merger agreement is approved and the merger is completed, the compensation may be paid,
subject only to the conditions applicable thereto, regardless of the outcome of the non-binding, advisory vote of
our shareholders.

The above resolution approving the merger-related compensation of our named executive officers on an
advisory basis will be approved if the votes cast in favor of the proposal exceed the votes cast in opposition.

Recommendation of Our Board

Our Board recommends that our shareholders vote “FOR” the Merger-Related Compensation
Proposal.

85



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 91/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

Appraisal rights are statutory appraisal rights that, if applicable under the NCBCA, enable shareholders to
demand that the Company pay the fair value for their shares as determined under the NCBCA instead of
receiving the consideration offered to shareholders in connection with the merger. In accordance with Section 55-
13-02 of the NCBCA, the holders of the Company’s common stock are not entitled to assert appraisal rights in
connection with the merger.

86



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 92/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND DATA

Our common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “LNCE.” The
following table describes the per share range of high and low sales prices, as reported by the NASDAQ Global
Select Market, for shares of our common stock and dividends declared per share of our common stock for the
quarterly periods indicated.

Market Price for 
LNCE Common Stock Dividends Declared 

Per ShareHigh Low

2016
First Quarter $36.20 $27.93 $ 0.16
Second Quarter $34.06 $28.92 $ 0.16
Third Quarter $36.61 $32.99 $ 0.16
Fourth Quarter $38.99 $33.18 $ 0.16
2017
First Quarter $40.69 $36.71 $ 0.16
Second Quarter $40.85 $31.03 $ 0.16
Third Quarter $39.52 $33.83 $ 0.16
Fourth Quarter $50.24 $34.46 $ 0.16
2018
First Quarter (through February 16, 2018) $50.17 $49.85 $ 0.16

Under the terms of the merger agreement, from the date of the merger agreement until the earlier of the
effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger agreement, the Company is permitted to continue
paying its regular quarterly dividend of  $0.16 per share of our common stock per quarter. On February 7, 2018,
our Board declared a dividend of  $0.16 per share, which will be paid on March 2, 2018 to shareholders of record
as of the close of business on February 22, 2018.

On December 13, 2017, which was the last trading day prior to media reports regarding a potential
transaction, our common stock closed at $39.41 per share. On February 16, 2018, which was the most recent
practicable date before the filing of this proxy statement, our common stock closed at $49.95 per share.
Shareholders are encouraged to obtain current market quotations for our common stock and to carefully review
the other information contained in this proxy statement in considering whether to approve the merger agreement.
As of February 16, 2018, there were 98,304,911 shares of our common stock outstanding held by approximately
4,605 holders of record.

87



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 93/191

• each person, entity or group that is known to beneficially own more than five percent (5%) of our
outstanding common stock;

• each of our directors;

• each of our executive officers identified as a “named executive officer” in this proxy statement; and

• all of our current executive officers and directors as a group.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth information with respect to the beneficial ownership of our common stock as
of January 10, 2018 (or as of such other date as may be indicated) for:

Unless otherwise indicated below, the address of these parties is 13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place,
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277.

Beneficial ownership is determined in accordance with the rules of the SEC, and the information is not
necessarily indicative of beneficial ownership for any other purpose. Except as indicated by footnote, to our
knowledge, the persons and entities named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock shown as beneficially owned by them, subject to applicable community property laws.
Securities that may be beneficially acquired within sixty (60) days of January 10, 2018, including shares subject
to options that are exercisable and shares subject to restricted stock units that will vest within sixty (60) days of
January 10, 2018, are deemed to be beneficially owned by the person or entity holding such securities for the
purpose of computing ownership of such person or entity, but are not treated as outstanding for the purpose of
computing the ownership of any other person or entity. The information as to beneficial ownership presented in
the table below does not take into account any accelerated vesting that may occur in connection with the closing
of the merger or stock dividends that may be issued within sixty (60) days of January 10, 2018. The
applicable percentages of beneficial ownership are based on 98,179,528 shares of common stock outstanding as
of January 10, 2018 plus shares of common stock otherwise deemed outstanding under applicable SEC rules.

Shares Beneficially Owned

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number Percent

Patricia A. Warehime 14,255,237 14.5
BlackRock, Inc.  

55 East 52nd Street 
New York, NY 10055 8,931,466 9.1

The Vanguard Group  
100 Vanguard Blvd. 
Malvern, PA 19355 6,887,578 7.0

Jeffrey A. Atkins 24,331 *
Peter B. Brubaker 81,012 *
C. Peter Carlucci, Jr. 90,352 *
John E. Denton 23,460 *
Brian J. Driscoll 638,765 *
Andrea Frohning 19,646 *
Lawrence V. Jackson 8,331 *
James W. Johnston 779,402 *
Carl E. Lee, Jr. 1,143,798 1.2
John T. Maples 22,825
David C. Moran 12,000 *
Alexander W. Pease 27,405 *

88

(1) %
(2)

%
(3)

%
(4)

(5)

(6)

(7)

(8)

(9)

(10)

(11) %
(12)

(13)

(14)



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 94/191

* Less than 1%

(1) Based on Schedule 13D/A filed on January 22, 2018 by Patricia A. Warehime reporting shares held on
December 18, 2017. The Schedule 13D/A reports that Patricia A. Warehime has sole power to vote
1,403,480 of such shares, sole power to dispose of 10,397,129 of such shares, 12,851,757 shared power to
vote of such shares and no shared power to dispose of such shares. 300,000 of these shares are pledged as
security.

(2) Based on Schedule 13G/A filed on January 23, 2018 by BlackRock, Inc. reporting shares held on
December 31, 2017. The Schedule 13G/A reports that BlackRock, Inc. has sole power to vote 8,749,101 of
such shares, sole power to dispose of 8,931,453 of such shares and no shared power to vote or dispose of
any shares.

(3) Based on Schedule 13G/A filed on February 12, 2018 by the Vanguard Group reporting shares held on
December 31, 2017. The Schedule 13G/A reports that the Vanguard Group has sole power to vote 93,077 of
such shares, sole power to dispose of 6,786,838 of such shares, 13,344 shared power to vote of such shares
and 100,740 shared power to dispose of such shares.

(4) Includes 24,331 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director.

(5) Includes 4,000 restricted shares and 61,012 shares held in a Revocable Trust of which Mr. Brubaker is the
trustee.

(6) Includes 4,000 restricted shares and 19,052 shares subject to exercisable options.

(7) Includes 4,125 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director and 509,214 shares subject to
exercisable options.

(8) Includes 3,099 restricted shares and 9,255 shares subject to exercisable options.

(9) Includes 8,331 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director.

(10) Includes 717,134 shares held indirectly by Mr. Johnston’s wife as trustee and beneficiary of a family trust
and 25,000 shares held in another trust for the benefit of Mr. Johnston’s wife. Mr. Johnston’s shares also
include 37,518 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director.

(11) Includes 18,989 restricted shares and 824,449 shares subject to exercisable options. The listed holdings
represent those held by Mr. Lee according to the Company’s Fiscal Year 2016 Proxy Statement. Due to
Mr. Lee’s separation from the Company, the Company does not have access to Mr. Lee’s current holdings, if
any.

(12) Includes 3,198 restricted shares and 17,063 shares subject to exercisable options.

(13) Includes 4,000 restricted shares.

(14) Includes 4,425 restricted shares and 10,234 shares subject to exercisable options.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Shares Beneficially Owned

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner Number Percent

Gail Sharps Myers 15,731 *
Dan C. Swander 20,331 *
Isaiah Tidwell 32,740 *
All directors and executive officers as a group (16 persons) 16,108,607 16.3

On December 18, 2017, certain trusts affiliated with Ms. Warehime, together with the other the Warehime
Holders, entered into a voting agreement with Campbell, pursuant to which the Warehime Holders agreed,
among other things, to vote certain shares of Company common stock over which they have voting power in
favor of the approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the
merger. See the section of this proxy statement entitled “The Merger — Voting Agreement.”

89

(15)

(16)

(17)

(18) %



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 95/191

(15) Includes 3,338 restricted shares and 8,731 shares subject to exercisable options.

(16) Includes 8,331 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director.

(17) Includes 8,331 shares vested but deferred until no longer serving as a director.

(18) Includes 607,179 shares subject to exercisable options held by current directors and executive officers.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

90



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 96/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SHAREHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the merger is completed, there will be no public shareholders of the Company and no public participation
in any future meetings of our shareholders. However, if the merger is not completed, we will hold a 2018 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders (the “2018 Annual Meeting”). If the 2018 Annual Meeting is held, shareholder
proposals will be eligible for consideration for inclusion in the proxy statement and form of proxy for our 2018
Annual Meeting in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and our advance notice bylaws, as
described below.

If any shareholder wishes to present, in accordance with SEC Rule 14a-8, a proposal to the shareholders of
the Company for inclusion in our proxy statement relating to the 2018 Annual Meeting, and the 2018 Annual
Meeting is held within 30 calendar days of the anniversary of the 2017 annual meeting, the proposal must be
submitted within 120 calendar days before the anniversary date of the Company’s proxy statement released to
shareholders in connection with the 2017 annual meeting, or November 27, 2017. If the 2018 Annual Meeting is
held on a date that is more than 30 calendar days before or after the anniversary of the 2017 annual meeting, the
shareholder proposal must be received a reasonable time before the Company begins to print and mail its proxy
solicitation materials for the 2018 Annual Meeting. Pursuant to SEC rules, submitting a proposal does not
guarantee that it will be included in the proxy materials. Any such shareholder proposals will be subject to the
requirements of the proxy rules adopted by the SEC.

A shareholder who wishes to have a proposal considered at the 2018 Annual Meeting, if held, but does not
seek to have the proposal included in our proxy materials for that meeting or who seeks to nominate a person(s)
as a director must comply with the procedures specified by our bylaws. Pursuant to our bylaws, if the 2018
Annual Meeting is held within 30 days of the anniversary of the 2017 annual meeting, in order to be properly
brought before the 2018 Annual Meeting, a shareholder’s notice of a proposal the shareholder wishes to present
(other than a proposal brought pursuant to SEC Rule 14a-8), or a person or persons the shareholder wishes to
nominate as a director, must be delivered to us at our principal executive offices not less than 75 and not more
than 105 days before the first anniversary of the previous year’s annual meeting, or no earlier than January 18,
2018 and no later than February 16, 2018. In the event that the date of the annual meeting is advanced or delayed
more than 30 days from such anniversary date, notice by the shareholder to be timely must be received not earlier
than 105 days prior to such annual meeting and not later than 75 days prior to such advanced or delayed annual
meeting. To be in proper form, such shareholder’s notice must include the specified information concerning the
proposal or nominee as described in our bylaws. The presiding officer or chairman of the annual meeting of
shareholders may refuse to accept any such proposal that is not in proper form or submitted in compliance with
the procedures specified in our bylaws.

Shareholder proposals or notices of proposal should be directed to Secretary to the Board of Directors,
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., 13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277.

HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS

We have adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure,
shareholders of record who have the same address and last name and do not participate in electronic delivery of
proxy materials will receive only one copy of the proxy statement. This procedure is intended to reduce our
printing costs and postage fees.

If you or another shareholder of record with whom you share an address wish to receive a separate proxy
statement, we will promptly deliver it to you if you request it by calling Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., toll-
free in the United States at (866) 540-7095 or by writing to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., Attention:
Householding Department, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, New York 11717. If you or another shareholder of
record with whom you share an address are receiving multiple copies of the proxy statement, you can request to
receive a single copy of these materials in the future by contacting Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. in the
same manner as described above.

91



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 97/191

• our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on February 28, 2017;

• our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended April 1, 2017, filed on May 10, 2017;

• our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended July 1, 2017, filed on August 9, 2017;

• our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed on November 9,
2017;

• our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed on February 13, 2017, April 17, 2017, May 5, 2017, June 27,
2017, June 28, 2017, August 4, 2017, August 21, 2017, September 26, 2017, October 4, 2017,
November 3, 2017, December 18, 2017, January 26, 2018, January 30, 2018, February 5, 2018,
February 9, 2018 and February 16, 2018.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act. We file reports, proxy statements and
other information with the SEC. You may read and copy these reports, proxy statements and other information at
the SEC’s Public Reference Section at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. You may obtain information
on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. The SEC also maintains
an Internet website, located at https:www.sec.gov, that contains reports, proxy statements and other information
regarding companies and individuals that file electronically with the SEC.

The information contained in this proxy statement speaks only as of the date indicated on the cover of this
proxy statement unless the information specifically indicates that another date applies.

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this proxy statement. This means that we
can disclose important information by referring to another document filed separately with the SEC. The
information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this proxy statement. This proxy statement and
the information that we later file with the SEC may update and supersede the information incorporated by
reference. Similarly, the information that we later file with the SEC may update and supersede the information in
this proxy statement. We are incorporating by reference any document that we may file under Section 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 5(d) of the Exchange Act after the date of this proxy statement and prior to the date of the special
meeting, provided, however, that we are not incorporating any information furnished under Item 2.02 or
Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, except as otherwise specified herein. We also incorporate by reference into this proxy
statement the following documents filed by us with the SEC under the Exchange Act (other than information
furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of a Current Report on Form 8-K, or the exhibits related thereto
under Item 9.01):

We undertake to provide without charge to each person to whom a copy of this proxy statement has been
delivered, upon request, by first class mail or other equally prompt means, within one business day of receipt of
the request, a copy of any or all of the documents incorporated by reference into this proxy statement, other than
the exhibits to these documents, unless the exhibits are specifically incorporated by reference into the information
that this proxy statement incorporates.

Requests for copies of our filings should be directed to Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., 13515 Ballantyne Corporate
Place, Charlotte, North Carolina 28277, Attention: Corporate Secretary, or call us at (704) 554-1421, and should
be made by March 16, 2018 in order to receive them before the special meeting. Electronic copies of our filings
are available at our website http://ir.snyderslance.com/sec.cfm as well.

Shareholders should not rely on information other than that contained or incorporated by reference into this
proxy statement. We have not authorized anyone to provide information that is different from that contained in
this proxy statement. This proxy statement is dated February 20, 2018. No assumption should be made that the
information contained in this proxy statement is accurate as of any date other than that date, and the mailing of
this proxy statement will not create any implication to the contrary.

If you need additional copies of this proxy statement or the enclosed proxy card, or if you have questions
about the proposals or how to vote your shares, you may also contact our proxy solicitor, Georgeson, by
telephone (toll free) at (877) 255-0134.

92



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 98/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

OTHER MATTERS

Our Board is not aware of any matter to be presented for action at the special meeting other than the matters
set forth in this proxy statement. Should any other matter requiring a vote of the shareholders properly come
before the meeting, the persons named as proxy holders on the enclosed proxy card will vote the shares
represented thereby in accordance with their best judgment on such matters. Discretionary authority with respect
to such other matters is granted by the execution of the enclosed proxy card.

By order of the Board of Directors,

Brian J. Driscoll
President and Chief Executive Officer

Dated: February 20, 2018

93



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 99/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex A 

 
 
 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER
dated as of December 18, 2017

  
among

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY,
a New Jersey corporation,  

 

TWIST MERGER SUB, INC.,
a North Carolina corporation,

  
 

and
 

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC.,
a North Carolina corporation



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 100/191

ARTICLE I THE MERGER; CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME

ARTICLE II EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK; EXCHANGE OF
CERTIFICATES; CLOSING PAYMENTS

ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

ARTICLE IV ADDITIONAL COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page

A-1
Section 1.1. The Merger A-1
Section 1.2. Closing A-1
Section 1.3. Effective Time A-1
Section 1.4. Effects of the Merger A-2
Section 1.5. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation A-2
Section 1.6. Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation A-2
Section 1.7. Plan of Merger A-2

A-2
Section 2.1. Effect on Capital Stock A-2
Section 2.2. Exchange of Certificates A-3
Section 2.3. Treatment of Equity Awards A-5
Section 2.4. Adjustments to Prevent Dilution A-6
Section 2.5. No Liability A-6
Section 2.6. Withholding Rights A-6

A-7
Section 3.1. Representations and Warranties of the Company A-7
Section 3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Buyer Parties A-24

A-27
Section 4.1. Preparation of the Company Proxy Statement; Company Shareholders’ Meeting A-27
Section 4.2. Conduct of Business A-28
Section 4.3. No Solicitation by the Company; Etc A-32
Section 4.4. Reasonable Best Efforts A-35
Section 4.5. Public Announcements A-38
Section 4.6. Access and Reports A-38
Section 4.7. Notification of Certain Matters A-38
Section 4.8. Indemnification and Insurance A-39
Section 4.9. Shareholder Litigation A-41
Section 4.10. Fees and Expenses A-41
Section 4.11. Rule 16b-3 A-41
Section 4.12. NASDAQ Stock Market Delisting; Deregistration A-41
Section 4.13. Benefits Matters A-41
Section 4.14. Title Insurance and Surveys A-42
Section 4.15. Transfer Taxes A-43
Section 4.16. Confidentiality A-43
Section 4.17. Takeover Statutes A-43
Section 4.18. Further Assurances A-43
Section 4.19. Financing A-43

A-i



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 101/191

ARTICLE V CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

ARTICLE VI TERMINATION

ARTICLE VII MISCELLANEOUS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

A-46
Section 5.1. Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger A-46
Section 5.2. Conditions to Parent and Merger Sub’s Obligation to Effect the Merger A-47
Section 5.3. Conditions to the Company’s Obligation to Effect the Merger A-47
Section 5.4. Frustration of Closing Conditions A-48

A-48
Section 6.1. Termination by Mutual Consent A-48
Section 6.2. Termination by Either Parent or the Company A-48
Section 6.3. Termination by the Company A-48
Section 6.4. Termination by Parent A-49
Section 6.5. Effect of Termination and Abandonment A-49

A-52
Section 7.1. Non-survival of Representations and Warranties, Covenants and Agreements A-52
Section 7.2. Amendment or Supplement A-52
Section 7.3. Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc A-52
Section 7.4. Assignment A-53
Section 7.5. Counterparts A-53
Section 7.6. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries A-53
Section 7.7. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial A-53
Section 7.8. Specific Enforcement A-55
Section 7.9. Remedies A-55
Section 7.10. Notices A-55
Section 7.11. Severability A-56
Section 7.12. Debt Financing Sources Liability A-56
Section 7.13. Definitions A-56
Section 7.14. Interpretation; Construction A-62

EXHIBITS & ANNEXES:

Exhibit A: Company Voting Agreement A-A-1
Exhibit B: Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation A-B-1

A-ii



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 102/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

This AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER, dated as of December 18, 2017 (this “Agreement”), is
among Campbell Soup Company, a New Jersey corporation (“Parent”), Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a North Carolina
corporation and an indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub,” and together with Parent, the
“Buyer Parties”), and Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., a North Carolina corporation (the “Company”). Certain terms used in
this Agreement are used as defined in Section 7.12.

WHEREAS, the respective boards of directors of each of Parent and Merger Sub have adopted, approved
and declared advisable this Agreement (including the plan of merger (as such term is used in Section 55-11-01 of
the North Carolina Business Corporation Act (the “NCBCA”)) (the “Plan of Merger”)), the Merger, and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this
Agreement;

WHEREAS, the board of directors of the Company (the “Company Board”) has (a) determined that this
Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company and its shareholders, (b) adopted, approved and declared advisable this Agreement (including the
Plan of Merger), the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, on the terms and subject
to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and (c) resolved to submit this Agreement to the shareholders of the
Company and to recommend that the shareholders of the Company approve the Merger (such recommendation,
the “Merger Recommendation”);

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with this Agreement; and

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution and delivery of this Agreement, as a condition and inducement
to Parent’s willingness to enter into this Agreement, certain shareholders of the Company are entering into an
agreement with Parent, in substantially the form set forth on Exhibit A, to vote shares of Company Common
Stock held by such shareholders in favor of the adoption of this Agreement (each a “Company Voting
Agreement”).

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the representations, warranties, covenants and agreements
contained in this Agreement, and intending to be legally bound hereby, Parent, Merger Sub, and the Company
hereby agree as follows:

ARTICLE I 
 

THE MERGER; CLOSING; EFFECTIVE TIME

Section 1.1. The Merger.   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, and in
accordance with the NCBCA, at the Effective Time, Merger Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, and
the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub shall thereupon cease. The Company shall be the surviving
corporation in the Merger under the NCBCA (the “Surviving Corporation”, and such transactions, the “Merger”).
At the Effective Time, as a result of the Merger, the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be Snyder’s-Lance,
Inc.

Section 1.2. Closing.   Upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement, the closing
of the Merger (the “Closing”) shall take place at 10:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the date that is the third
(3 ) Business Day after the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted by applicable Law, of the conditions set forth in
Article V (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the
satisfaction or waiver of those conditions at such time), at the offices of Jenner & Block LLP, 919 Third Avenue,
New York, New York 10022, unless this Agreement has been terminated pursuant to its terms or another time,
date or place is agreed to in writing by the parties hereto. The date on which the Closing actually occurs is
referred to as the “Closing Date.”

Section 1.3. Effective Time.   Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, as soon as practicable on
the Closing Date Parent and the Company shall (a) file with the Secretary of State of the State of North Carolina
articles of merger, executed and acknowledged in accordance with and containing such information as is required
by Section 55-11-05 of the NCBCA to effect the Merger (the “Articles of Merger”) and (b) on or after the
Closing Date duly make all other filings and recordings required by the

A-1

rd



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 103/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

NCBCA in order to effectuate the Merger. The Merger shall become effective at such time as the Articles of
Merger have been duly filed with the Secretary of State of the State of North Carolina or at such later time as is
agreed to by the parties hereto in writing and specified in the Articles of Merger in accordance with the relevant
provisions of the NCBCA (the time at which the Merger becomes effective is herein referred to as the “Effective
Time”).

Section 1.4. Effects of the Merger.   The Merger shall have the effects set forth in this Agreement and
Section 55-11-06 NCBCA. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject thereto, at the Effective
Time, all the properties, rights, privileges, immunities, powers and franchises of the Company and Merger Sub
shall vest in the Surviving Corporation, and all debts, liabilities and duties of the Company and Merger Sub shall
become the debts, liabilities and duties of the Surviving Corporation, as provided under the NCBCA.

Section 1.5. Articles of Incorporation and Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation.   At the Effective Time, the
articles of incorporation of the Company shall be amended, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B, so that they
shall be substantively identical to the articles of incorporation of Merger Sub as in effect as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time (except that the name of the Surviving Corporation shall be “Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.” and
with such modifications as may be required by Section 4.8) and shall be the articles of incorporation of the
Surviving Corporation (the “Charter”) until thereafter amended as provided therein or by applicable Law (subject
to Section 4.8 hereof). At the Effective Time, the bylaws of the Company shall be amended and restated to be
identical to the bylaws of Merger Sub as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time (except that the name
of the Surviving Corporation shall be “Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.” and with such modifications as may be required by
Section 4.8) and shall be the bylaws of the Surviving Corporation (the “Bylaws”) until thereafter amended as
provided therein or by applicable Law (subject to Section 4.8 hereof).

Section 1.6. Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation.   The directors of Merger Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation immediately following the
Effective Time, and the officers of Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the
Surviving Corporation immediately following the Effective Time, in each case until their respective successors
are duly elected or appointed and qualified or their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation. At the Effective Time, the directors and
officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to be the directors and officers of the
Company.

Section 1.7. Plan of Merger.   Article I and Article II hereof and, solely to the extent necessary under the
NCBCA, the other provisions of this Agreement shall constitute a “plan of merger” for the purposes of the
NCBCA, including Section 55-11-01 thereof.

ARTICLE II 
  

EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON CAPITAL STOCK; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES;
CLOSING PAYMENTS

Section 2.1. Effect on Capital Stock.   At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any action
on the part of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or any holders of any securities of the Company or the sole
shareholder of Merger Sub:

(a) Merger Consideration.   Each share of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time, other than (i) shares of Company Common Stock owned directly by
Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time and (ii) shares of Company Common Stock
owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time (together with the shares of Company Common Stock referred to in the immediately preceding clause
(i), the “Excluded Shares”), in each case of clause (i) and clause (ii) of this Section 2.1(a) other than shares
of Company Common Stock held in trust accounts, managed accounts, mutual funds and the like, or
otherwise held in a fiduciary or agency capacity, that are beneficially owned by third parties, shall be
automatically converted into the right to receive $50.00 in cash (the “Per Share Merger Consideration”),
payable to the holder thereof, without interest, in the

A-2



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 104/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

manner set forth in Section 2.2. At the Effective Time, all of the shares of Company Common Stock that
have been converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration shall cease to be
outstanding, shall be cancelled and shall cease to exist, and each certificate and uncertificated interest
formerly representing any shares of Company Common Stock (other than Excluded Shares) shall thereafter
represent only the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration for each such share of Company
Common Stock, payable without interest, in accordance with this Section 2.1 and Section 2.2.

(b) Excluded Shares.   Each Excluded Share issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective
Time as described in clause (i) of Section 2.1(a) shall cease to be outstanding, shall be cancelled without
payment of any consideration therefor and shall cease to exist. Each Excluded Share issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time as described in clause (ii) of Section 2.1(a) shall be converted into
such number of shares of stock of the Surviving Corporation such that each direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of the Company that owned capital stock in the Company immediately prior to the Effective
Time shall own the same percentage of the outstanding capital stock of the Surviving Corporation
immediately following the Effective Time without any payment of consideration therefor.

(c) Capital Stock of Merger Sub.   Each share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of Merger
Sub (the “Merger Sub Common Stock”) issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time
shall be converted into and become one validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation, or such higher number of such shares as may be
necessary to give effect to the second sentence of Section 2.1(b).

Section 2.2. Exchange of Certificates.

(a) Paying Agent.   Prior to the Closing Date, Parent and Merger Sub shall enter into an agreement (in a
form reasonably acceptable to the Company) with a paying agent reasonably acceptable to the Company to
act as agent (the “Paying Agent”) for the payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration. Prior to the
Effective Time, Parent shall deposit, or shall cause to be deposited, with the Paying Agent for the benefit of
the record holders of Company Common Stock (other than Excluded Shares), a cash amount in immediately
available funds necessary and sufficient for the Paying Agent to make all payments under Section 2.1(a)
(such cash amount being hereinafter referred to as the “Exchange Fund”). The Exchange Fund shall not be
used for any purpose other than as set forth in this Article II. The Paying Agent shall invest the Exchange
Fund as directed by Parent solely in (i) direct short-term obligations of the United States of America, (ii)
obligations for which the full faith and credit of the United States of America is pledged to provide for the
payment of principal and interest, (iii) commercial paper rated P-1 or A-1 or better by Moody’s Investors
Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor’s Corporation, respectively, (iv) in certificates of deposit, bank repurchase
agreements or banker’s acceptances of commercial banks with capital exceeding $1 billion, (v) in money
market funds having a rating in the highest investment category granted by a nationally recognized credit
rating agency at the time of acquisition or (vi) a combination of any of the foregoing, provided that, in any
such case, no such instrument shall have a maturity exceeding three months. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investment shall become a part of the Exchange Fund, and any amounts in excess of the
aggregate amounts payable under Section 2.1(a) shall be returned to Parent in accordance with
Section 2.2(d). No such investment or losses thereon shall relieve Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the
Paying Agent from making the payments required by this Article II or affect the amount of Per Share
Merger Consideration payable to holders of Company Common Stock, and to the extent that there are any
losses with respect to any such investments, or the Exchange Fund diminishes for any reason below the level
required for the Paying Agent to make prompt cash payment under Section 2.1(a), Parent shall promptly
provide additional cash to the Paying Agent to add to the Exchange Fund so as to ensure that the Exchange
Fund is at all times maintained at a level sufficient for the Paying Agent to make such payments under
Section 2.1(a). Parent shall pay all charges and expenses of the Paying Agent in connection with the
exchange of Company Common Stock for the Per Share Merger Consideration.

(b) Exchange Procedures.   Promptly after the Effective Time and in any event not later than the third
(3 ) Business Day following the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall cause to be

A-3

rd



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 105/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

mailed to each record holder, as of the Effective Time, of a certificate or certificates that immediately prior
to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Company Common Stock (each, a “Certificate”),
which have converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration with respect thereto
pursuant to Section 2.1, a form of letter of transmittal (which shall be in customary form and shall specify
that delivery shall be effected, and risk of loss and title to the Certificates held by such Person shall pass,
only upon proper delivery of such Certificates to the Paying Agent) and instructions for use in effecting the
surrender of the Certificates. Upon surrender to the Paying Agent of a Certificate, together with such letter
of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in accordance with the instructions thereto, the Paying
Agent shall issue and deliver to the holder of such Certificate, by check or wire transfer (as specified in the
letter of transmittal), a cash amount (less any required Tax withholdings as provided in Section 2.6) equal to
the product of  (i) the Per Share Merger Consideration and (ii) the number of shares of Company Common
Stock formerly represented by such Certificate and such Certificate shall then be canceled. Promptly after
the Effective Time and in any event not later than the third (3 ) Business Day following the Effective Time,
the Paying Agent shall issue and deliver to each holder, as of the Effective Time, of interest formerly
representing uncertificated shares of Company Common Stock that were represented by book-entry (“Book-
Entry Shares”), which have converted into the right to receive the Per Share Merger Consideration with
respect thereto pursuant to Section 2.1, a check or wire transfer for an amount of cash (less any required Tax
withholdings as provided in Section 2.6) equal to the product of  (A) the Per Share Merger Consideration
and (B) the number of such Book-Entry Shares, without such holder being required to deliver a Certificate
or an executed letter of transmittal to the Paying Agent. No interest shall be paid or accrued for the benefit
of holders of the shares of Company Common Stock on the Per Share Merger Consideration payable in
respect thereof. In the event of a transfer of ownership of shares of Company Common Stock that is not
registered in the transfer records of the Company, it shall be a condition of payment that such Certificate so
surrendered shall be properly endorsed or shall be otherwise in proper form for transfer or such Book-Entry
Share shall be properly transferred and that the Person requesting such payment shall have paid any transfer
and other Taxes required by reason of the payment of the Per Share Merger Consideration to a Person other
than the registered holder of the Certificate or Book-Entry Share surrendered or shall have established to the
reasonable satisfaction of the Surviving Corporation that such Tax either has been paid or is not applicable.
Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.2(b), each Certificate shall be deemed at any time after
the Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Per Share Merger
Consideration as contemplated by Section 2.1.

(c) Transfers.   From and after the Effective Time, there shall be no transfers of shares of the Company
Common Stock on the stock transfer books of the Company. If, after the Effective Time, any Certificate is
presented to the Surviving Corporation, Parent or the Paying Agent for transfer, it shall be cancelled and,
subject to compliance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.2(b), exchanged for the cash amount to
which the holder thereof is entitled pursuant to this Article II (less any required Tax withholdings as
provided in Section 2.6) to be paid in the manner specified in the letter of transmittal to an account
designated by such holder.

(d) Termination of Exchange Fund.   At any time after the date that is twelve (12) months after the
Closing Date, Parent shall be entitled to require the Paying Agent to deliver to it any portion of the
Exchange Fund (including the proceeds of any investments thereof) that remains unclaimed by the holders
of shares of Company Common Stock (other than Excluded Shares) issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the Effective Time. Any holder of shares of Company Common Stock issued and outstanding
immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than Excluded Shares) who has not theretofore complied with
this Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent and the Surviving Corporation (subject to abandoned
property, escheat or other similar laws) for payment of the amount to which such holder is entitled as a result
of the Merger (upon due surrender of such holder’s shares of Company Common Stock in accordance with
the terms hereof), without any interest thereon.

(e) Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates.   If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed,
upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or
destroyed and, if required by Parent, the posting by such Person of a bond in customary amount and upon
such terms as may be reasonably required by Parent as indemnity against any claim

A-4

rd



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 106/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

that may be made against it or the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent with respect to such
Certificate, the Paying Agent (or, if subsequent to the termination of the Exchange Fund and subject to
Section 2.2(d), Parent) will deliver, in exchange for shares of Company Common Stock (other than
Excluded Shares) represented by such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, an amount in cash (less any
required Tax withholdings as provided in Section 2.6) equal to the product of  (i) the number of shares of
Company Common Stock (other than Excluded Shares) represented by such lost, stolen or destroyed
Certificate and (ii) the Per Share Merger Consideration.

Section 2.3. Treatment of Equity Awards.

(a) Options.   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to provide that
each option to purchase shares of Company Common Stock granted pursuant to the Company Equity Plans
or otherwise (other than pursuant to the ASPP) (each, an “Option”) that is outstanding immediately prior to
the Effective Time shall, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, vest in accordance with the terms
and conditions applicable to the Option such that (i) all time-vesting Options shall fully vest (to the extent
unvested) and (ii) all performance-vesting Options granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive
Plan shall vest based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the Effective
Time, pro-rated based on the proration schedule set forth in Section 2.3(a) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to provide that that each
Option that is outstanding and vested as of the Effective Time, shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of Parent, Merger Sub, the Company, the holder of that Option or any other Person, be
cancelled and terminated and converted at the Effective Time into the right to receive from Parent and the
Surviving Corporation, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, but no later than
thirty (30) days following the Effective Time, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of 
(i) the aggregate number of shares of Company Common Stock subject to such Option, multiplied by (ii) the
excess, if any, of the Per Share Merger Consideration over the per share exercise price of such Option, less
any Taxes required to be withheld in accordance with Section 2.6. For the avoidance of doubt, if there is no
excess under subsection (ii), then the holder of such Option shall not be entitled to receive any amounts
under this Section 2.3(a) and such Option shall be cancelled and terminated in accordance with this
Section 2.3(a).

(b) Restricted Stock.   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to
provide that at the Effective Time, each outstanding award of restricted stock in respect of shares of
Company Common Stock granted under a Company Equity Plan or otherwise (each, a “Restricted Stock
Award”) shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) such that (i) all time-based restrictions shall lapse in
accordance with such Restricted Stock Award’s applicable terms and conditions, and (ii) all performance-
vesting Company Restricted Stock Awards granted under the Company’s 2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan
shall vest and be payable based on the actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the
Effective Time, pro-rated based on the proration schedule set forth in Section 2.3(a) of the Disclosure
Schedule. Upon such vesting, each share of Company Common Stock underlying each Restricted Stock
Award shall be treated as Company Common Stock for all purposes of this Agreement, with any applicable
Taxes withheld in accordance with Section 2.6.

(c) Restricted Stock Units.   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to
provide that each award of restricted stock units (including any performance-vesting restricted stock units)
in respect of shares of Company Common Stock granted under a Company Equity Plan or otherwise (each, a
“Company RSU”) that is outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall, as of immediately prior
to the Effective Time, vest in accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to the Company RSU
such that (i) all time-vesting Company RSUs shall fully vest (to the extent unvested) and all time vesting
restrictions shall lapse and (ii) all performance-vesting Company RSUs shall vest and be payable assuming
all performance-vesting conditions have been satisfied at the target level of performance, pro-rated based on
the number of days in the performance period preceding the Closing Date. Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall take all actions necessary to provide that each Company RSU that is outstanding and vested
as of the Effective Time shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of Parent, Merger
Sub, the Company or the holder such Company RSU, be cancelled and, in exchange for the

A-5



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 107/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

cancellation of each Company RSU, each holder thereof as of the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive
from Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time
but no later than thirty (30) days following the Effective Time, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to
the product of  (x) the Per Share Merger Consideration multiplied by (y) the number of shares of Company
Common Stock subject to the Company RSU, less any Taxes required to be withheld in accordance with
Section 2.6.

(d) Associate Stock Purchase Plan.   As soon as practicable following the date of this Agreement and in
any event prior to the Effective Time, the Company Board (or, if appropriate, any committee administering
the ASPP) shall adopt such resolutions or take such other actions as may be required so that (i) participation
in the Company’s 2012 Associate Stock Purchase Plan (the “ASPP”) shall be limited to those employees
who are participants on the date of this Agreement, (ii) participants may not increase their payroll deduction
elections or rate of contributions from those in effect on the date of this Agreement, and (iii) the ASPP shall
terminate, effective upon the first purchase date following the date of this Agreement, but subsequent to the
exercise of purchase rights on such purchase date (in accordance with the terms of the ASPP).

(e) Company Actions.   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall, in consultation with Parent,
make any amendments to the terms of the Company Equity Plans and the ASPP and obtain any consents
from holders of Equity Based Awards that, in each case, are necessary to give effect to the transactions
contemplated by this Section 2.3 and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary, payment may be withheld in
respect of any Equity Based Award until any necessary consents in respect of such Equity Based Award are
obtained. Without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall take all actions necessary to ensure that the
Company will not at the Effective Time be bound by any Equity Based Awards or any warrants or other
rights or agreements (other than this Agreement) which would entitle any Person, other than Parent and its
Subsidiaries, to own any capital stock of the Surviving Corporation or to receive any payment in respect
thereof. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take all actions necessary to terminate all its
Company Equity Plans, such termination to be effective at or before the Effective Time. For purposes of this
Agreement, “Company Equity Plans” shall mean the following plans of the Company: Snyder’s-Lance, Inc.
2008 Director Stock Plan, Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 2014 Director Stock Plan, Lance, Inc. 2007 Key Employee
Incentive Plan, Snyder’s of Hanover, Inc. Non-Qualified Stock Option Plan, Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 2012 Key
Employee Incentive Plan, Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 2016 Key Employee Incentive Plan, Diamond Foods, Inc.
2015 Equity Incentive Plan, and Diamond Foods, Inc. 2005 Equity Incentive Plan.

Section 2.4. Adjustments to Prevent Dilution.   Notwithstanding any provision of this Article II to the
contrary (and without in any way limiting the covenants in Section 4.2 hereof), if between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time the outstanding shares of Company Common Stock shall have been changed
into a different number of shares or a different class by reason of the occurrence of, or record date for, any share
dividend or distribution, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, share split (including a reverse share split),
merger, combination, issuer tender or exchange offer, or other similar transaction, the Per Share Merger
Consideration shall be equitably adjusted, without duplication, to provide to the holders thereof the same
economic effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event.

Section 2.5. No Liability.   To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, none of the parties to this
Agreement, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent will be liable to any shareholders of the Company or
other Person in respect of any cash properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned
property, escheat or similar Laws.

Section 2.6. Withholding Rights.   Each of Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation and the Paying
Agent (without duplication) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration otherwise payable
pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement such amounts as it is required to deduct and
withhold with respect to the making of such payment under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the
“Code”) and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder or any other applicable state, local or non-U.S. Tax
Law and shall timely remit any amounts so withheld to the applicable Governmental Authority. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld and timely paid over to the appropriate Governmental Authority by Parent, the
Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying

A-6



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 108/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Agent, as the case may be, such withheld amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having
been paid to the Persons otherwise entitled to the payment in respect of which such deduction and withholding
was made by Parent, the Company, the Surviving Corporation or the Paying Agent, as the case may be.

ARTICLE III 
  

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

Section 3.1. Representations and Warranties of the Company.   The Company represents and warrants to
Parent and Merger Sub that except as set forth in (i) the disclosure schedule delivered by the Company to Parent
simultaneously with the execution of this Agreement (the “Company Disclosure Schedule”) (it being agreed that
disclosure of any item in any Section or subsection of the Company Disclosure Schedule shall be deemed
disclosure with respect to any other Section or subsection of this Agreement to the extent the qualifying nature of
such disclosure with respect to such other section or subsection is reasonably apparent) or (ii) any reports,
schedules, forms, prospectuses, and registration, proxy and other statements, all documents filed on a voluntary
basis on Form 8-K under the Exchange Act, and in each case including all financial statements included therein,
exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein (in each case including any
amendments or supplements thereto) filed with or furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange
Commission (the “SEC”) on or after January 1, 2017 and publicly available at least two (2) Business Days prior
to the date of this Agreement, and excluding any disclosures set forth in any “risk factor” section or market risk
section, and in any section relating to forward-looking, safe harbor, or similar statements in such Company SEC
Documents filed with or furnished to the SEC):

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.

(i) The Company is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under
the Laws of the State of North Carolina and has all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to
own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and
as currently proposed by its management to be conducted and is duly licensed or qualified to do
business and is in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good
standing) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or
location of the properties and assets owned, leased or operated by it makes such licensing or
qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so organized, existing, qualified or in good
standing in such jurisdiction would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Section 3.1(a)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule lists all Subsidiaries of the Company
together with (A) the jurisdiction of organization of each such Subsidiary, (B) for each such Subsidiary
that is not wholly owned (directly or indirectly) by the Company, the number of issued and outstanding
shares of capital stock or share capital, the record owner(s) thereof and the number of issued and
outstanding shares of capital stock or share capital beneficially owned by the Company, and (C) the
Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ capital stock, equity interest or other direct or indirect ownership
interest in any other Person other than the Company or any Subsidiary. No Subsidiary of the Company
owns any shares of Company Common Stock. All (or, in the case of a Subsidiary that is not wholly-
owned, the Company’s ownership interests as disclosed in Section 3.1(a)(ii)(C) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule) of the outstanding shares of capital stock of, or other equity or voting interests in,
each such Subsidiary have been validly issued, were issued free of pre-emptive rights and are fully paid
and non-assessable, and are free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). Each of the
Company’s Subsidiaries is a corporation or other business entity duly incorporated or organized, validly
existing and in good standing (with respect to jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good standing)
under the Laws of its state or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization and has all requisite
corporate or other company power and authority necessary to own or lease all of its properties and
assets and to carry on its business as it is now being conducted and as currently proposed by its
management to be conducted, except where the failure to be so existing or organized in such
jurisdiction would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect.

A-7



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 109/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii) The Company has made available to Parent, or publicly filed with the SEC, true, correct and
complete copies of its articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended (the “Company Charter
Documents”) and true, correct and complete copies of the charters, bylaws or equivalent organizational
documents of its “significant subsidiaries” (as such term is defined in Section 1.02 of Regulation S-X
under the Exchange Act) as in effect on the date of this Agreement (collectively, the “Subsidiary
Documents”). The Company Charter Documents and the Subsidiary Documents are in full force and
effect as of the date of this Agreement, the Company is not in violation of any of the provisions of the
Company Charter Documents, and the Company’s Subsidiaries are not in violation (other than
immaterial violations) of any of the provisions of the Subsidiary Documents.

(b) Capitalization.

(i) The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 110,000,000 shares of Company
Common Stock and 5,000,000 preferred shares, par value $1 per share (“Company Preferred Stock”).
At the close of business on December 15, 2017, 97,237,528 shares of Company Common Stock were
issued and outstanding. At the close of business on December 15, 2017, (A) 4,336,241 shares of
Company Common Stock were issuable upon the exercise of outstanding Options, (B) 352,333 shares
of Company Common Stock were issued as Restricted Stock Awards and (C) 244,993 shares of
Company Common Stock were subject to outstanding Company RSUs, (D) 2,455,597 shares of
Company Common Stock reserved for future awards under the Company Equity Plans, (E) 477,450
shares of Company Common Stock reserved for future issuance under the ASPP, (F) no shares of
Company Preferred Stock were issued or outstanding and (G) no other shares of capital stock or other
voting securities of the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding. All outstanding
shares of Company Common Stock are, and shares of Company Common Stock reserved for issuance
with respect to Equity Based Awards and the ASPP, when issued in accordance with the respective
terms thereof, will be, duly authorized and validly issued and are, or will be when issued in accordance
with the respective terms thereof, fully paid, nonassessable and free of preemptive rights, purchase
option, call or right of first refusal or similar rights. Included in Section 3.1(b)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule is a true, correct and complete list, as of December 8, 2017, of all outstanding
Options or other rights to purchase or receive shares of Company Common Stock granted under the
Company Equity Plans or otherwise (in each case, other than the ASPP), including any restricted
stock units, restricted shares, performance units, performance shares, stock appreciation rights,
“phantom” equity or similar securities or rights that are derivative of, or provide economic benefits
based directly or indirectly on the value or price of any capital stock of, or other voting securities of, or
ownership interest in the Company or any Subsidiary (in each case, other than the ASPP) (collectively,
the “Equity Based Awards”) and, including for each such Equity Based Award, the number of shares of
Company Common Stock subject thereto, the name of the holder, date of grant, term, and, where
applicable, exercise price and vesting schedule. Since December 8, 2017 the Company has not issued
any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, or any securities convertible into or
exchangeable or exercisable for any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests,
other than pursuant to the outstanding Equity Based Awards referred to above in this Section 3.1(b)(i).
Except (X) as set forth above in this Section 3.1(b)(i) or (Y) as otherwise expressly permitted by
Section 4.2 hereof, as of the date of this Agreement there are not, and as of the Effective Time there
will not be, any shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests of the Company issued and
outstanding or any subscriptions, options, warrants, calls, convertible or exchangeable securities, rights,
commitments or agreements of any character providing for the issuance of any shares of capital stock,
voting securities or equity interests of the Company, including any representing the right to purchase or
otherwise receive any shares of Company Common Stock.

(ii) Except as disclosed in Section 3.2(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, none of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries has issued or is bound by any outstanding subscriptions, options,
warrants, puts, calls, rights, understandings, claims, profits interests, stock appreciation rights,
redemption rights, repurchase rights, agreements, arrangements, undertakings or other commitments of
any character providing for the issuance, transfer, sale or other disposition of any

A-8



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 110/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests of any Subsidiary of the Company, nor are
there outstanding any securities that are convertible into or exchangeable for any shares of capital
stock, voting security or other equity interest of any Subsidiary of the Company. There are no
outstanding obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire any shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests (or any options, warrants or
other rights to acquire any shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests) of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries or any predecessor thereof.

(iii) All Equity Based Awards and any rights under the ASPP, may, by their terms, be treated in
accordance with Section 2.3. No holder of any Equity Based Award or right under the ASPP is entitled
to any treatment of such Equity Based Award or right under the ASPP other than as provided with
respect to such Equity Based Award or right under the ASPP in Section 2.3, and after the Effective
Time no holder of an Equity Based Award or right under the ASPP (or former holder of an Equity
Based Award or right under the ASPP) or any current or former participant in the Company Equity
Plans or any other Company Plan shall have the right thereunder to acquire any capital stock of the
Company or any other equity interest therein (including phantom shares or stock appreciation rights).
Each Equity Based Award was granted in compliance in all material respects with all applicable Laws
and all of the terms and conditions of the Company Equity Plan pursuant to which it was issued and, to
the extent applicable, has an exercise price that equaled or exceeded the fair market value of a share of
Company Common Stock on the date of grant of such Equity Based Award.

(iv) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has outstanding bonds, debentures, notes or
other obligations, the holders of which have the right to vote (or which are convertible into or
exercisable for securities having the right to vote) with the Company Shareholders on any matter.

(c) Authority; Noncontravention.

(i) The Company has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this
Agreement and, subject to obtaining the affirmative vote or written consent of the holders of Company
Common Stock as required under the Company Charter Documents, to approve this Agreement and to
consummate the Merger (the “Company Shareholder Approval”), to perform its obligations hereunder
and to consummate the Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement, and the consummation by it of the Transactions, have been duly authorized and approved
by the Company Board, and except for obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval for the approval
of this Agreement and consummation of the Merger, no other corporate action on the part of the
Company is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of this
Agreement and the consummation by it of the Transactions. The Company Shareholder Approval is the
only approval of any class or series of the Company’s share capital or other securities necessary to
approve or adopt this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger. This
Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by the Company and, assuming due authorization,
execution and delivery hereof by Parent and Merger Sub, constitutes a legal, valid and binding
obligation of the Company, enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except that
such enforceability (A) may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization,
moratorium and other similar Laws of general application affecting or relating to the enforcement of
creditors’ rights generally and (B) is subject to general principles of equity, whether considered in a
proceeding at law or in equity (the “Bankruptcy and Equity Exception”).

(ii) The Company Board, at a meeting duly called and held at which all of the disinterested
directors of the Company Board were present in person or by telephone in compliance with the
applicable provisions of the NCBCA, duly adopted resolutions (A) determining that this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated hereby, including the Merger, are fair to and in the best interests of
the Company and its shareholders; (B) adopting, approving and declaring advisable this Agreement
(including the Plan of Merger), the Merger and the other transactions

A-9



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 111/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

contemplated by this Agreement, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement;
(C) resolving to make the Merger Recommendation; (D) taking all corporate action required to be taken
by the Company Board to authorize and approve the consummation of the Transactions; and (E)
resolving to submit this Agreement for approval of the shareholders of the Company at the Company
Shareholders’ Meeting. No further corporate action is required by the Company Board in order for the
Company to approve this Agreement or the Transactions, including the Merger, other than any
corporate action required to perform obligations required hereunder prior to the Effective Time,
including under Section 2.3 and Section 4.11.

(iii) Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(c)(iii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Company nor the consummation by the Company of
the Transactions, nor compliance by the Company with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will: (A)
conflict with or violate any provision of the Company Charter Documents; (B) result in any violation or
breach of, or constitute any default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, or result in
the creation of any Lien under any Material Contract, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation
or acceleration of any obligation or a loss of a benefit under, or require that any Consent be obtained
with respect to, any Material Contracts; or (C) assuming that the authorizations, consents and approvals
referred to in Section 3.1(c)(iii) and the Company Shareholder Approval are obtained and the filings
referred to in Section 3.1(c)(iii) are made, violate any Law, judgment, writ or injunction of any
Governmental Authority applicable to the Company or any of its respective properties or assets, except,
in the case of clauses (B) and (C) above, as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(d) Governmental Approvals.   Except for (i) the filing with the SEC of a proxy statement relating to
the Company Shareholders’ Meeting (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Company Proxy
Statement”), and other filings required in connection with the Merger under, and compliance with other
applicable requirements of, the Exchange Act, and the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules, and filings under
state securities or “blue sky” laws or foreign securities Laws, (ii) the filing of the Articles of Merger with the
Secretary of State of the State of North Carolina and (iii) filings required under, and compliance with other
applicable requirements of, the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws, no material consents or approvals of,
or filings, declarations or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are necessary for the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the
Transactions.

(e) Company SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.

(i) The Company has timely filed or furnished all reports, schedules, forms, prospectuses, and
registration, proxy and other statements, including any amendments or supplements thereto, required to
be filed with or furnished to the SEC on or after July 1, 2015, as have been supplemented, modified or
amended since the time of filing (collectively and together with all documents filed on a voluntary basis
on Form 8-K under the Exchange Act, and in each case including all financial statements included
therein, exhibits and schedules thereto and documents incorporated by reference therein, the “Company
SEC Documents”). None of the Company’s Subsidiaries currently is, or has since becoming a
Subsidiary of the Company been, required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the
Exchange Act. As of their respective effective dates (in the case of Company SEC Documents that are
registration statements filed pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act) and as of their
respective SEC filing dates (in the case of all other Company SEC Documents), the Company SEC
Documents complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act, the Securities
Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations of the SEC thereunder,
as the case may be, each as in effect on the date such Company SEC Document was filed, applicable to
such Company SEC Documents, and none of the Company SEC Documents as of such respective
dates, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under
which they were made, not misleading.

(ii) The consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Company SEC
Documents comply as to form in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements

A-10



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 112/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and the published rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto, have been prepared in
accordance with GAAP (except, in the case of unaudited statements, as indicated in the notes thereto)
applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (except as may be indicated in the notes
thereto) and fairly present in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the Company
and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of the dates thereof and the consolidated results of their operations
and cash flows for the periods then ended (subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal year-
end audit adjustments).

(iii) The Company has made available to Parent true and complete copies of all comment letters
from the staff of the SEC relating to the Company SEC Documents and all written responses of the
Company thereto through the date of this Agreement.

(iv) The Company is in compliance in all material respects with the applicable listing and
governance rules and regulations of NASDAQ Stock Market.

(v) The Company has established and maintains internal control over financial reporting and
disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in Rule 13a-15 and Rule 15d-15 under
the Exchange Act); such disclosure controls and procedures are reasonably designed to ensure that
material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated Subsidiaries, required to be
disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the Company’s principal executive officer, its principal financial officer or those
individuals responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements of the Company
included in the Company SEC Documents to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure; and
such disclosure controls and procedures are sufficient to provide reasonable assurance that information
required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and
forms. The Company has disclosed, based on its most recent evaluation of its disclosure controls and
procedures and internal control over financial reporting prior to the date hereof, to the Company’s
auditors and the audit committee of the Company Board (A) any significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial
information and (B) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting. Since July 1,
2015, none of the Company, the Company Board or the audit committee of the Company Board has
received any written notification of any matter set forth in the preceding clause (A) or (B). The
Company has made available to Parent a summary of any such disclosure made by management of the
Company to its auditors and audit committee on or after July 1, 2015. Since July 1, 2015, the Company
has not had any material dispute with its independent public auditor regarding any matter of accounting
principles or practices, financial statement disclosure or auditing scope or procedure. As of the date of
this Agreement, to the Company’s Knowledge, none of the Company SEC Documents is the subject of
ongoing SEC review or outstanding SEC comment.

(vi) As of the date of this Agreement, to the Knowledge of the Company, there are no pending
SEC inquiries or investigations, other governmental inquiries or investigations or internal investigations
pending or threatened, in each case regarding any accounting practices of the Company. At no time
since July 1, 2015, has there been any internal investigation of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
regarding revenue recognition or other accounting or auditing issues discussed with, reviewed by or
initiated at the direction of the chief executive officer, chief financial officer, general counsel or similar
legal officer, the Company Board or any committee thereof.

(vii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any liabilities or obligations of the type
required to be disclosed in the liabilities column of a balance sheet prepared in accordance with GAAP,
except liabilities (A) as and to the extent reflected or reserved against on the unaudited balance sheet of
the Company and its Subsidiaries as of September 30, 2017 (the

A-11



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 113/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Balance Sheet Date”) (including the notes thereto), included in the Company SEC Documents filed by
the Company and publicly available prior to the date of this Agreement (the “Filed Company SEC
Documents”), (B) arising in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions, (C) incurred after
the Balance Sheet Date in the ordinary course of business or (D) that, individually or in the aggregate,
do not and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(viii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or has any commitment to
become a party to, any joint venture, off-balance sheet partnership or any similar Contract (including
any Contract or arrangement relating to any transaction or relationship between or among the Company
and any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any unconsolidated Affiliate, including any structured
finance, special purpose or limited purpose entity or Person, on the other hand, or any “off-balance
sheet arrangements” (as defined in Item 303(a) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC
(“Regulation S-K”)), where the result, purpose or effect of such Contract is to avoid disclosure of any
material transaction involving, or material liabilities of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in the
Company’s or such Subsidiary’s published financial statements or any Company SEC Documents.

(f) Absence of Certain Changes or Events.   Since December 31, 2016, no event or events or
development or developments have occurred that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in
the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect that is continuing. Since the Balance Sheet Date, the
Company and its Subsidiaries have carried on and operated their respective businesses in all material
respects in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (other than the negotiation, and
preparation to enter into, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby), and there has not been
any action taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that, if taken by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time without Parent’s
consent, would constitute a breach of, or would require consent of Parent under any of Section 4.2(b),
Section 4.2(e), Section 4.2(l) or Section 4.2(m). Without limiting the foregoing, since the Balance Sheet
Date, there has not occurred any damage, destruction or loss (whether or not covered by insurance) of any
asset of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, that has had, or would reasonably be expected to have, a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

(g) Legal Proceedings.   Except as disclosed in Section 3.1(g) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, as
of the date of this Agreement there is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceeding, claim, suit or action against, or governmental or regulatory
investigation of, the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any Company Plan that has had, or that would
reasonably be expected to have, if decided adversely to the Company, a Company Material Adverse Effect,
nor is there any injunction, order, judgment, ruling or decree imposed upon the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries by or before any Governmental Authority that has had, or would reasonably be expected to
have, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Compliance with Laws.   The Company and its Subsidiaries are and since July 1, 2015 have been in
compliance with all Laws (including Environmental Laws and Food Safety Laws) applicable to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, any of their properties, products, or other assets or any of their
businesses or operations, except for any such violation that would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and each of its Subsidiaries have all Governmental
Authorizations necessary to conduct their respective businesses as presently conducted, except where the
failure to have any such Governmental Authorizations would not, individually or in the aggregate,
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Since July 1, 2015, the Company has
not received any written notice from any Governmental Authority regarding (i) any actual or possible
violation of any Governmental Authorization, or any failure to comply in any respect with any term or
requirement of any Governmental Authorization or (ii) any actual or possible revocation, withdrawal,
suspension, cancellation, termination or modification of any Governmental Authorization, in each case other
than as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

A-12



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 114/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i) Information Supplied.

(i) Each document required to be filed by the Company with the SEC or required to be distributed
or otherwise disseminated to the Company’s shareholders in connection with the Transactions
(collectively, the “Company Disclosure Documents”), including the Company Proxy Statement to be
filed with the SEC in connection with obtaining the Company Shareholder Approval, and any
amendments or supplements thereto, when filed, distributed or disseminated, as applicable, will comply
as to form in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Exchange Act.
Notwithstanding the foregoing or the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.1(i)(ii), the
Company makes no representation or warranty with respect to information supplied by or on behalf of
Parent or Merger Sub specifically for inclusion in any Company Disclosure Document.

(ii) The (A) Company Proxy Statement, on the date it is first mailed to shareholders of the
Company and at the time of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, and (B) any Company Disclosure
Document (other than the Company Proxy Statement), at the time of the filing with the SEC of such
Company Disclosure Document or any supplement or amendment thereto and at the time of any
distribution or dissemination thereof to shareholders of the Company, will not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary
in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not
misleading.

(j) Tax Matters.   Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, a Company
Material Adverse Effect:

(i) Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries has timely filed, or has caused to be timely filed on
its behalf  (taking into account any properly obtained extension of time within which to file), all Tax
Returns required to be filed by it, and all such filed Tax Returns are correct and complete in all respects.
All Taxes shown to be due on such Tax Returns, or otherwise required to be paid by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries, have been timely paid. All Taxes required to have been withheld and paid
(including any Taxes or withholding related to dividend or interest payments) to any Governmental
Authority by the Company and each of its Subsidiaries have been timely withheld and paid.

(ii) There are no waivers or extensions of any statute of limitations or any periods for assessment
or collection requested or currently in effect with respect to any Taxes or Tax Returns of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries (with the exception of properly obtained extensions of time within which to
file);

(iii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has received or applied for a Tax ruling
or entered into a “closing agreement” within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code that would be
binding upon the Company or any of its Subsidiaries after the Closing Date or (B) is or has been a
member of any affiliated, consolidated, combined, unitary or similar group for purposes of filing Tax
Returns or paying Taxes (other than a group which has the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as its
common parent).

(iv) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries will be required to include any item of
income in, or exclude any item of deduction from, taxable income for any taxable period (or portion
thereof) ending after the Closing Date, as a result of any (A) change in method of accounting pursuant
to Section 481(c) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law) prior to the
Closing, (B) installment sale or open transaction disposition made on or entered into prior to the
Closing Date, (C) prepaid amount received or paid on or prior to the Closing Date, or (D) election
pursuant to Section 108(i) of the Code (or any similar provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law).

(v) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has been a “distributing corporation” or a
“controlled corporation” (within the meaning of Section 355(a)(1)(A) of the Code) in a distribution
intended to qualify for tax-free treatment under Section 355 of the Code in the two (2) years prior to the
date of this Agreement.

A-13



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 115/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(vi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has participated in, or has any liability or
obligation with respect to, any “reportable transaction” within the meaning of Treasury
Regulations Section 1.6011-4.

(vii) There are no Liens for Taxes upon any property or asset of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries other than Permitted Liens.

(viii) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries (A) has received from any Governmental
Authority any written notice indicating an intent to open an audit or written notice of deficiency or
proposed adjustment in each case for any material amount of Tax proposed, asserted or assessed (and
no audit or administrative or judicial Tax proceeding is pending or being conducted with respect to the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries) or (B) is a party to any agreement providing for the allocation or
sharing of Taxes with any Person that is not, directly or indirectly, a wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company other than (x) an agreement providing for customary Tax indemnities in conjunction with an
acquisition or divestiture or (y) ordinary course commercial agreements or agreements the primary
subject matter of which is not Tax.

(k) Employee Benefits and Labor Matters.

(i) Section 3.1(k)(i)(A) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and
complete list of each material Company Plan maintained within the jurisdiction of the United States
and that is available to a Company Employee in the United States (a “U.S. Company Plan”), and
Section 3.1(k)(i)(B) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of
each material Company Plan maintained outside the jurisdiction of the United States and that is
available to a Company Employee outside of the United States (a “Non-U.S. Company Plan”).

(ii) True, correct and complete copies of all material documents with respect to each of the
Company Plans (other than any “multiemployer plan” (as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA)) have
been made available to Parent by the Company, including: (A) each material Company Plan and, to the
extent applicable, summary plan descriptions, (B) each trust, insurance, annuity or other funding
contract related thereto, (C) the most recent audited financial statements and actuarial or other valuation
reports prepared with respect thereto, (D) the most recent annual report on Form 5500 required to be
filed with the Internal Revenue Service with respect thereto, (E) the most recently received Internal
Revenue Service determination letter or opinion, if applicable, and (F) all material government and
regulatory approvals received from any Governmental Authority with respect to Non-U.S. Company
Plans.

(iii) Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (A) the Company Plans have been maintained in
accordance with their terms and in compliance with all applicable provisions of ERISA, the Code and
other applicable Laws, (B) each U.S. Company Plan intended to qualify under Section 401(a) has
received a favorable determination or opinion letter as to its qualification and nothing has occurred,
whether by action or failure to act, that could reasonably be expected to cause such determination letter
or opinion, to be revoked, (C) each Non-U.S. Company Plan required to have been approved by any
non-United States Governmental Authority (or permitted to have been approved to obtain any
beneficial Tax or other status) has been so approved or timely submitted for approval, no such approval
has been revoked (and, as of the date of this Agreement, no such revocation has been threatened) and
no event has occurred since the date of the most recent approval or application therefore relating to any
such Non-U.S. Company Plan that is reasonably likely to affect any such approval relating thereto, (D)
there has been no non-exempt “prohibited transaction” within the meaning of Section 4975(c) of the
Code or Section 406 of ERISA involving the assets of any Company Plan, (E) all contributions
required to have been made under any of the Company Plans or by Law (without regard to any waivers
granted under Section 412 of the Code), have been timely made, and (F) the Company and its
Subsidiaries have satisfied all applicable material requirements under the Patient Protection and
Affordable Care Act and will not be liable for any excise tax pursuant to such Act with respect to
periods ending prior to the Closing Date.

A-14



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 116/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iv) None of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of their respective ERISA Affiliates,
maintains, sponsors, contributes to or has an obligation to contribute to, or, within the six years
preceding the date of this Agreement, maintained, sponsored, contributed to or had an obligation to
contribute to, (A) an employee pension benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA) that is
subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or a similar pension benefit plan subject to any
similar foreign Laws, (B) any multiemployer plan (as defined in 3(37) of ERISA) or (C) a “multiple
employer plan” (as defined in Section 4063 of ERISA). None of the Company Plans promises retiree
medical, disability or life insurance benefits to any current or former employee, consultant or director,
except as required by Section 4980B of the Code, Part 6 of Title I of ERISA or similar applicable state
or local Law.

(v) With respect to any Company Plan, including any assets of any such Company Plan or any
fiduciary to any such Company Plan, to the Knowledge of the Company, (A) no Actions (other than
routine claims for benefits in the ordinary course of business) are pending or threatened, and (B) no
administrative investigation, audit or other administrative proceeding by the Department of Labor, the
Internal Revenue Service or other Governmental Authority is pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened that has had, or that would, if concluded adversely to the Company Plan,
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(vi) Except as set forth in Section 3.1(k)(vi) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, neither the
execution and delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the Transactions will (A) result in
any payment becoming due to any current or former director, officer, employee or independent
contractor, (B) increase any benefits otherwise payable under any Company Plan, (C) result in the
acceleration of the time of payment or vesting of any such benefits under any Company Plan, or (D)
require any contributions or payments to fund any obligations under any Company Plan.

(vii) Except as set forth in Section 3.1(k)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no Company
Plan provides for, as a result of any of the Transactions contemplated by this Agreement (whether alone
or in connection with other events), any payment of any amount of money or other property to, or the
acceleration of or provision of any other rights or benefits to, any current or former officer, employee,
independent contractor or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that could reasonably be
expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in the payment of any “excess parachute payments”
within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code. Except with respect to those Company Plans set forth
in Section 3.1(k)(vii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no current or former officer, employee,
independent contractor or director of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is entitled to any gross-up
or any other payment from the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in respect of any Tax (including
Taxes imposed under Section 409A or Section 4999 of the Code) or any interest or penalty related
thereto.

(viii) Except as has not had, and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, each Company Plan that is or forms part of a
“nonqualified deferred compensation plan” within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code has been
operated in compliance with, and the Company and its Subsidiaries have complied in practice and
operation with, all applicable requirements of Section 409A of the Code.

(ix) Except as has not been, and would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (A) there are no complaints,
charges, proceedings, suits, actions or claims against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries pending
or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened that could be brought or filed with any Governmental
Authority or arbitrator based on, arising out of, in connection with, or otherwise relating to the
employment or termination of employment or failure to employ by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, of any individual and (B) the Company and its Subsidiaries are in substantial compliance
with all applicable Laws relating to the employment of labor, including all such Laws relating to labor
relations, terms and conditions of employment, hiring, termination, wages, hours, the Worker
Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any

A-15



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 117/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

similar state or local “mass layoff” or “plant closing” law, classification of employees (exempt/ non-
exempt and employee/independent contractor), collective bargaining, discrimination, civil rights, safety
and health, workers’ compensation, immigration, work status, leaves of absence, background check,
privacy and the collection and payment of withholding and/or social security taxes and any similar Tax.

(x) Except as has not been, and would not reasonably be expected to be, individually or in the
aggregate, material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, (A) have withheld and
reported all amounts required by applicable Law to be withheld and reported with respect to wages,
salaries and other payments to Company Employees, (B) are not liable for any arrears of wages or any
Taxes or any penalty for failure to comply with any of the foregoing and (C) are not liable for any
payment to any trust or other fund governed by or maintained by or on behalf of any Governmental
Authority, with respect to unemployment compensation benefits, social security or other benefits or
obligations for Company Employees (other than routine payments to be made in the normal course of
business and in accordance with past practice).

(xi) Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is a party to, or bound by, any collective
bargaining agreement or other contract with a labor union or labor organization. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries is subject to a labor dispute, strike or work stoppage except as would not
have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. To the Knowledge of the
Company, there are no organizational efforts with respect to the formation of a collective bargaining
unit presently being made or threatened involving employees of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(l) Environmental Matters.

(i) Except (A) as set forth in Section 3.1(l) of the Company Disclosure Schedules and (B) for those
Environmental Liabilities that would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (1) neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has
received any written notice of, any obligation, liability, order, settlement, judgment, injunction or
decree relating to or arising under Environmental Laws which now remains pending or unresolved,
(2) to the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no Releases by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries of any Hazardous Materials into, on, under or from Company Owned Properties, Company
Leased Properties, any real property formerly owned, leased or operated by the Company or its
Subsidiaries or any property to which the Company or its Subsidiaries arranged for the disposal,
treatment, storage, or handling of Hazardous Materials in violation of or that could give rise to liability
under any Environmental Laws, and (3) the Company and each of its Subsidiaries possess, are and
since July 1, 2015 have been in compliance with, all licenses, permits, authorizations and certificates
from any Governmental Authority required under Environmental Laws necessary to conduct its
business and own its assets (the “Environmental Permits”).

(ii) For purposes of this Agreement:

(A) “Environmental Laws” means all Laws relating in any way to the environment,
preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the presence, management or Release of, or
exposure to, Hazardous Materials, or to human health and safety (as it related to exposure to
Hazardous Materials), including the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and
Liability Act (42 U.S.C. §9601 et seq.), the Hazardous Materials Transportation Act (49 U.S.C.
§5101 et seq.), the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. §6901 et seq.), the Clean
Water Act (33 U.S.C. §1251 et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C. §7401 etseq.), the Safe
Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. §300f et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C. §2601
et seq.), the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide and Rodenticide Act (7   U.S.C. §136 et seq.), and the
Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C. §651 et seq.), each of their state and local
counterparts or equivalents, each of their foreign Law and international equivalents, as each has
been amended and the regulations promulgated pursuant thereto.

A-16



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 118/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(B) “Environmental Liabilities” means, with respect to any Person, all liabilities, obligations,
responsibilities, remedial actions, losses, damages, costs and expenses (including all reasonable
fees, disbursements and expenses of counsel, experts and consultants and costs of investigation
and feasibility studies), fines, penalties, sanctions and interest actually incurred as a result of any
claim or demand by any other Person or in response to any violation of Environmental Law or
Environmental Permit.

(C) “Hazardous Materials” means any material, substance or waste that is regulated,
classified, or otherwise characterized under or pursuant to any Environmental Law as “hazardous”,
“toxic”, a “pollutant”, a “contaminant”, “radioactive” or words of similar meaning or effect,
including petroleum and its by-products, asbestos, polychlorinated biphenyls, radon, toxic mold,
urea formaldehyde insulation, chlorofluorocarbons and all other ozone-depleting substances.

(m) Contracts.

(i) Section 3.1(m)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete
list of each Material Contract. For the purposes of this Agreement “Material Contract” means, except
for any agreement related to any Company Leased Property (other than a Material Leased Property),
(i) each Contract that would be required to be filed as an exhibit to a Registration Statement on Form S-
1 under the Securities Act or an Annual Report on Form 10-K under the Exchange Act if such
registration statement or report was filed by the Company with the SEC on the date hereof, and (ii)
each of the following Contracts to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party:

(A) any Contract that would have been required to be filed as an exhibit to a Registration
Statement on Form S-1 or an Annual Report on Form 10-K if such registration statement or report
was filed by the Company with the SEC as of the date hereof but for the exception provided in
Item 601(b)(10)(ii) of Regulation S-K and has not been so filed prior to the date hereof;

(B) any partnership (other than with respect to any partnership that is wholly owned, directly
or indirectly, by the Company) or joint venture agreement or other similar equity investment
agreements that involves a sharing of profits with a third party;

(C) any Contract that purports to limit, curtail or restrict the ability of the Company or any of
its existing or future Subsidiaries or Affiliates, to compete in any geographic area or line of
business, to the extent material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, other than
any such Contract that may be terminated or withdrawn without material liability to the Company
or its Subsidiaries, and without any continuing such prohibition or restriction, upon prior notice of
ninety (90) days or less;

(D) any Contract providing that the Company or its Subsidiaries will not compete with any
other Person or granting most favored customer pricing to any Person, or any Contract providing
for the grant of exclusive sales, distribution, marketing or other exclusive rights, rights of refusal,
rights of first negotiation or similar rights and/or terms to any Person that has had or would
reasonably be expect to have a material impact on the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a
whole;

(E) any Contract that relates to the acquisition, sale or lease of properties or assets
(by merger, purchase or sale of shares or assets or otherwise) entered into since July 1, 2015 in
excess of  $5,000,000;

(F) each loan or credit agreement, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, note or other Contract or
instrument evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than between or among the Company and one or more wholly owned
Subsidiaries of the Company) with an outstanding principal amount in excess of $5,000,000;

A-17



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 119/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(G) each loan or credit agreement, mortgage, indenture, guarantee, note or other Contract or
instrument evidencing indebtedness for borrowed money made to the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (other than between or among the Company and one or more wholly owned
Subsidiaries of the Company) in excess of  $7,500,000;

(H) each voting agreement, voting trust, stockholder agreement or registration rights
agreement;

(I) each mortgage, pledge, security agreement, deed of trust or other Contract granting a Lien
on any material property or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries other than Permitted Liens
on any Company Owned Properties;

(J) each material collective bargaining agreement or Contract with any labor organization or
works council;

(K) each Contract containing any grant of any license or covenant not to sue relating to or
under any material Intellectual Property (excluding licenses of off-the-shelf software) (1) by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person, or (2) by a Person of any Licensed Intellectual
Property to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case, solely to the extent such Contract
provides for fees in excess of  $1,000,000 in the 12-month period ended September 30, 2017;

(L) each Contract for sale by the Company or its Subsidiaries (other than sales or purchase
orders, rebate agreements and invoices, in each case, entered in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice) from customers responsible for $20,000,000 or more in revenues
received from such Persons in the 12-month period ended September 30, 2017, which Contract
contains material volume requirements or material commitments or material exclusive or preferred
purchasing arrangements;

(M) each Contract for the purchase by the Company or its Subsidiaries of materials, supplies,
equipment or services (other than sales or purchase orders, rebate agreements and invoices, in each
case, entered in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice), from suppliers with
whom the Company or its Subsidiaries made expenditures of $15,000,000 or more in the 12-
month period ended September 30, 2017, which Contract (1) is not terminable by the Company or
its applicable Subsidiary on ninety (90) days’ notice or less without premium or penalty and
(2) contains material volume requirements or material commitments or material exclusive or
preferred purchasing arrangements;

(N) any Contract requiring any capital commitment or capital expenditures (including any
series of related expenditures) in excess of  $3,500,000;

(O) any settlement agreement imposing material future limitations on the operation of
Company and its Subsidiaries

(P) any Contract that contains a put, call or similar right pursuant to which the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries would be required to purchase or sell, as applicable, any equity interests of
any Person or assets at a purchase price which would reasonably be expected to exceed, or the fair
market value of the equity interests or assets of which would be reasonably likely to exceed,
$2,500,000;

(Q) any Contract that was entered into with Company Affiliates (other than the Company and
its Subsidiaries) that is not a Company Benefit Plan; and

(R) each financial derivatives master agreement or confirmation, or futures account opening
agreements and/or brokerage statements, evidencing financial hedging, swap or similar trading
activities, in each case, to the extent any of the foregoing are material; and

(S) each written contract, commitment or agreement to enter into any of the foregoing.

(ii) Except for expirations of Material Contracts in the ordinary course of business and except as
has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, each Material Contract is valid, binding and in

A-18



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 120/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

full force and effect and is enforceable in accordance with its terms by the Company and its
Subsidiaries party thereto, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, or as separately identified in
Section 3.1(m)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, no approval, consent or waiver of any Person is
needed in order that any Material Contract continue in full force and effect following the consummation
of the Transactions. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is in default under any Material
Contract, nor does any condition exist, to the Knowledge of the Company, that, with notice or lapse of
time or both, would constitute a default thereunder by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries party
thereto, except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect. To the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to any Material Contract is in default
thereunder, nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, does any condition exist, that with notice or lapse
of time or both would constitute a default by any such other party thereunder, except in each case as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company
nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any written notice of termination or cancellation under any
Material Contract or granted to any third party any rights that would constitute a breach of any Material
Contract, except in each case as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

(n) Real Property; Personal Property.

(i) Section 3.1(n)(i)(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all real property
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (collectively, the “Company Owned Properties”). The
Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as applicable, owns good and marketable title to all of the
Company Owned Properties, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, except as would
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as set forth in
Section 3.1(n)(i)(b) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, there are no parties other than the Company
or its Subsidiaries in possession of the Company Owned Properties. There are no pending or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, any threatened condemnation, eminent domain or administrative Actions
affecting any Company Owned Property or any portion thereof, except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Section 3.1(n)(ii)(a) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a list of all real property
leased or subleased, as tenant or subtenant, by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Company
Leased Properties”). The Company Leased Properties set forth in Section 3.1(n)(ii)(b) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule consist of material Company Leased Real Property and other Company Leased
Real Property having annual lease payment obligations in excess of  $1,000,000 (collectively, the
“Material Leased Properties”). Except as set forth in Section 3.1(n)(ii)(c) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries, as the case may be, has a valid leasehold interest
in each Material Leased Property, free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens, except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All leases related to any
Material Leased Property are in full force and effect and are enforceable in accordance with their
respective terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception, except as would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has not received any written
notice of a default under the leases related to the Material Leased Properties, and to the Knowledge of
the Company, the landlords under such leases relating to the Material Leased Properties are not in
default, except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(o) Intellectual Property.

(i) For purposes of this Agreement:

(A) “Company IP” means all of the Owned Intellectual Property and Licensed Intellectual
Property, including the Intellectual Property set forth in Section 3.1(o)(ii) of the Company
Disclosure Schedule.

(B) “Intellectual Property” means all of the following, and all rights arising from or in respect
of the following under the Laws of the United States or any foreign jurisdiction:

A-19



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 121/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(i) patents issued and patent applications filed in any jurisdiction, including all provisionals,
divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, extensions, reexaminations and the
equivalents of any of the foregoing, and any patents issuing thereon, in any jurisdiction
(collectively, “Patents”); (ii) trademarks, service marks, certification marks, trade dress, trade
styles, brand names, logos and other indications of origin, the goodwill associated with the
foregoing and registrations in any jurisdiction of, and applications in any jurisdiction to register,
the foregoing, including any extension, modification or renewal of any such registration or
application (collectively, “Marks”); (iii) copyrights, whether registered or published or not, and
registrations or applications for registration of copyrights in any jurisdiction, and any reversions,
renewals or extensions thereof  (collectively, “Copyrights”); (iv) trade secrets, including trade
secret rights in know-how, manufacturing processes, formulae, software, standard operating
procedures, quality control information and research results (collectively, “Trade Secrets”);
(v) database rights, design rights, and industrial property rights; (vi) domain names; and (vii) all
other intellectual property or industrial property rights.

(C) “Licensed Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property owned by a third party
and licensed or sublicensed to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for which the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has obtained a covenant not to be sued.

(D) “Owned Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property owned or purported to be
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(E) “Personal Information” means, in addition to any definition provided by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries for any similar term (e.g., “personally identifiable information” or “PII”) in
the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ privacy policies or other public-facing statements, all
information regarding or capable of being associated with an individual person or device.

(F) “Privacy Laws” means, any Laws, legal requirements, and self-regulatory guidelines and
principles governing the receipt, collection, compilation, use, storage, processing, transmission,
sharing, safeguarding, security, disposal, destruction, disclosure or transfer (including cross-border
transfers) of Personal Information.

(ii) Section 3.1(o)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth a true, complete and correct
list of all currently-active governmental issuances, registrations and applications for issuance or
registration of all Patents, Marks, Copyrights and U.S. domain names owned by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, including the (A) owner of record for each such item, (B) status of each such item, (C)
jurisdictions in which each such item has been issued or registered or in which any such application for
such issuance and registration has been filed, as applicable, (D) registration or application number, as
applicable, and (E) registration and application date, as applicable.

(iii) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and/or one of its Subsidiaries is the sole and exclusive owner of all right, title and interest in
and to the Owned Intellectual Property, and has a valid license to use the Licensed Intellectual Property
as the same is presently used in the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ respective businesses, in each case
free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company Intellectual Property includes all of the Intellectual
Property necessary and sufficient to enable the Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct their
respective businesses as they are now being conducted. Except as would not reasonably be expected to
be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, the conduct and operation of the
Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted, and since July 1, 2015, as has been conducted,
have not infringed, misappropriated, or otherwise violated and do not infringe, misappropriate or
otherwise violate any Intellectual Property of any Person. Except as would not reasonably be expected
to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, to the Knowledge of the Company, no Person has, since
July 1, 2015, infringed, misappropriated or otherwise violated, or is infringing, misappropriating

A-20



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 122/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

or otherwise violating, any Owned Intellectual Property. Neither the Company nor any of its
Subsidiaries is a party to or the subject of any pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company,
threatened Action that involves a claim against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (A) of
infringement, misappropriation or other violation of any Intellectual Property of any Person, or (B)
challenging the ownership, use, validity or enforceability of any Owned Intellectual Property or
contesting the right of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to use, license, transfer or dispose of any
Owned Intellectual Property, in each case, which is or if concluded adversely to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Except as
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company has not
received written notice of any such threatened material claim of infringement, misappropriation, or
other violation of any Intellectual Property of any Person, or challenging the ownership, use, validity or
enforceability of any Owned Intellectual Property. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have
a Company Material Adverse Effect, the use of any Licensed Intellectual Property by the Company and
its Subsidiaries is in accordance with any applicable license pursuant to which the Company or any
Subsidiary acquired the right to use such Licensed Intellectual Property.

(iv) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, all
issued and unexpired Patents, actively registered Marks and registered and unexpired Copyrights
included in the Company IP (the “Registered IP”) are subsisting and, to the Knowledge of the
Company, valid, enforceable and in full force and effect.

(v) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries are taking, and since July 1, 2015 have taken, security measures to
protect the secrecy, confidentiality and value of all material Trade Secrets included in the Company
Intellectual Property, which measures are reasonable in the industry in which the Company and its
Subsidiaries operate. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect, no Trade Secret material to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as their businesses are
presently conducted, has been authorized to be disclosed or has been actually disclosed by the
Company or its Subsidiaries to any former or current employee or any third Person other than pursuant
to a non-disclosure agreement restricting the disclosure and use of such Trade Secret.

(vi) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (A)
the computers, computer software, servers, workstations, routers and other information technology
equipment owned by the Company or its Subsidiaries (excluding any public networks) (collectively, the
“IT Assets”) operate and perform in a manner that permits the Company and its Subsidiaries to conduct
their respective businesses as currently conducted, and (B) to the Knowledge of the Company, no
Person has gained unauthorized access to the IT Assets. Except as would not reasonably be expected to
have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company or one of its Subsidiaries owns or has a valid
right to access and use all IT Assets and to the Knowledge of the Company, no IT Asset contains any
viruses, worms, trojan horses, bugs, faults or other devices, errors, contaminants or effects that
materially disrupt or could reasonably be expected to enable or assist any Person to access without
authorization any IT Asset.

(vii) Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries are and since July 1, 2015 have been, in compliance with all publicly
posted privacy policies and any applicable Privacy Laws and contractual obligations that the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries has entered into with respect to Personal Information. Except as would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries
have ensured that all Persons whose Personal Information is collected by or on behalf of the Company
or its Subsidiaries have been provided accurate and complete disclosure regarding the collection, use,
disclosure, transfer, sharing, retention, destruction, disposal of, or other processing of their Personal
Information, including providing any type of notice and obtaining any type of consent required by
applicable Laws. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect, to the Knowledge of the Company, there have been no data breaches or unauthorized access to,
use of, modification of, disclosure of, or other misuse of any such Personal Information.

A-21



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 123/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(p) Insurance, Claims and Warranties.

(i) The Company has made available to Parent and Section 3.1(p)(i) of the Company Disclosure
Schedule sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all material insurance policies maintained by the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries and fidelity bonds covering the assets, business, equipment,
properties, operations, directors, officers and employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (the
“Policies”). The Policies (A) have been issued by insurers that, to the Knowledge of the Company, are
reputable and financially sound, and (B) are in full force and effect and all premiums thereon have been
timely paid or, if not yet due, accrued. The Company and its Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage
customary in the industry for the operation of their respective businesses (taking into account the cost
and availability of such insurance), and the Company and/or its Subsidiaries are in compliance with the
terms of such Policies, including the payment of all premiums due with respect to all such Policies,
except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. With respect
to each of the legal proceedings set forth in the Company SEC Documents, no such insurer has
informed the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of any denial of coverage, except for such denials that
would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company and its
Subsidiaries have not received any written notice of cancellation of any of the Policies, except for such
cancellations as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All
appropriate insurers under the insurance policies have been timely notified of all pending litigation and
other potentially insurable losses that the Company has Knowledge of, and all reasonably appropriate
actions have been taken to timely file all claims in respect of such insurable matters, except as would
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any
of its Subsidiaries is in breach or default, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries have
taken any action or failed to take any action that, with notice or the lapse of time, would constitute such
a breach or default, or permit termination or modification, of any of the Policies, except, in each case,
as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(ii) Section 3.1(p)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Schedule sets forth, as of the date of this
Agreement, a true, correct and complete list and summary description of all material claims, duties,
responsibilities, liabilities or obligations arising since January 1, 2016, from, or alleged to arise from,
any injury to any Person (including current and former employees) or property as a result of the
manufacture, sale, ownership, possession or use of any product of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or the operation of any assets of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries except as would
not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. All such existing claims are or
will be covered by general liability, automobile liability and workers’ compensation insurance such that
any such claim would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(q) Quality and Safety of Products.   Since July 1, 2015, the Company has not received any written
notice in connection with any product produced, sold or distributed by or on behalf of the Company or any
of its Subsidiaries of any claim or allegation against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, nor has the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries been a party or subject to any Proceeding pending against, or, to the
Company’s Knowledge, any Proceeding threatened against, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a
result of manufacturing, storage, quality, packaging, marketing, advertising or labeling of any product
produced, sold or distributed by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except, in each case,
as would not reasonably be expected be material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.
Except as set forth in Section 3.1(q) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, since January 3, 2016, (i) there
have been no recalls of any product of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, whether ordered by a
Governmental Authority or undertaken voluntarily by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and (ii) none
of the products of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries have been adulterated, misbranded, mispackaged,
mismarketed, misadvertised or mislabeled in violation of applicable Governmental Authorization or Law
(collectively, “Food Safety Laws”), except, in each case, as would not reasonably be expected be material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole.

A-22



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 124/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(r) Opinion of Financial Advisor.   The Company Board has received the oral opinion (to be followed
by a written opinion) of its financial advisor, Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC, dated the date of this Agreement,
to the effect that, as of such date, and subject to the various assumptions and qualifications set forth in the
written opinion, the Per Share Merger Consideration to be paid to the holders (other than Parent and its
affiliates) of the shares of Company Common Stock is fair from a financial point of view to the holders
(other than Parent and its affiliates) of such shares (the “Fairness Opinion”). The Company has been
authorized by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC to permit the inclusion of the Fairness Opinion and references
thereto in the Company Proxy Statement, subject to obtaining the prior written consent of Goldman Sachs &
Co. LLC.

(s) Brokers and Other Advisors.   Except for Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities
Inc., the fees and expenses of which shall be paid by the Company, no broker, investment banker, financial
advisor or other Person is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or
commission, or the reimbursement of expenses, in connection with the Transactions based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. The Company has heretofore
delivered to Parent correct and complete copies of the Company’s engagement letters with each of Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., which letters describe all fees payable to Goldman
Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. in connection with the Transactions, all agreements
under which any such fees or any expenses are payable and all indemnification and other agreements related
to the engagement of each of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and Deutsche Bank Securities Inc. (the
“Engagement Letters”).

(t) Related Party Transactions.   Since July 1, 2015, there have been no transactions, agreements,
arrangements or understandings between the Company or its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and any director,
officer or other Affiliate of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or any entity in which any such Person
has a direct or indirect material interest (collectively, the “Company Affiliates”), on the other hand, that
would be required to be disclosed under Item 404 of Regulation S-K (except for amounts due as normal
salaries and bonuses and in reimbursement of expenses in the ordinary course of business) and has not been
disclosed in the Company SEC Documents.

(u) Anti-Corruption.   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect, none of the Company or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any
of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents, has, since July 1, 2015, given or promised to give
any loan, gift, donation, payment, or other thing of value, whether in cash or in kind, to or for the benefit of
any Governmental Authority, political party or official thereof, candidate for political office or public
international organization or officer or employee thereof in material violation of any applicable Law
(including the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the “Foreign Corrupt Practices Act”) and the
U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the “U.K. Bribery Act”)), and there are no pending internal investigations, no
pending Actions, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no threatened Actions, in each case, regarding any
of the foregoing in this Section 3.1(u).   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, the Company, its Subsidiaries and/or their officers, directors, employees and agents
are in compliance with and, since July 1, 2015, have complied with: (A) the provisions of the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act and the U.K. Bribery Act, and (B) anti-corruption Laws of each jurisdiction in which
the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or have operated and in which any agent thereof is conducting or
has conducted business involving the Company. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have a
Company Material Adverse Effect, since July 1, 2015, the Company, its Subsidiaries and/or their respective
officers, directors, employees and agents have not paid, offered or promised to pay, or authorized or ratified
the payment, directly or indirectly, of any monies or anything of value to any national, provincial, municipal
or other Government Official or any political party or candidate for political office for the purpose of
corruptly influencing any act or decision of such official or of the government to obtain or retain business, or
direct business to any person or to secure any other improper benefit or advantage in each case in violation
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act and any laws described in clause (B).

A-23



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 125/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(v) Takeover Statutes; No Rights Plan; Appraisal Rights.   The Company is not subject to the
prohibition on certain business combinations set forth in Article 9 or Article 9A of the NCBCA and, to the
Company’s Knowledge, any similar “moratorium,” “control share,” “fair price,” “takeover” or “interested
shareholder” Law (any such Laws, a “Takeover Statute”). There is no shareholder rights plan, “poison pill”,
antitakeover plan or other similar agreement or plan in effect to which the Company is a party or is
otherwise bound.

EXCEPT FOR THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS SECTION 3.1, NO
REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AT LAW
OR IN EQUITY, IS MADE OR SHALL BE DEEMED TO HAVE BEEN MADE BY OR ON BEHALF OF THE
COMPANY TO THE BUYER PARTIES, THEIR AFFILIATES OR REPRESENTATIVES.

Section 3.2. Representations and Warranties of the Buyer Parties.   Parent and Merger Sub jointly and
severally represent and warrant to the Company:

(a) Organization, Standing and Corporate Power.   Each of Parent and Merger Sub is a corporation duly
incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the jurisdiction in which it is
incorporated and has all requisite corporate power and authority necessary to own or lease all of its
properties and assets and is duly licensed or qualified to do business and is in good standing (with respect to
jurisdictions that recognize the concept of good standing) in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the
business conducted by it or the character or location of the properties and assets owned, leased or operated
by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary.

(b) Authority; Noncontravention.

(i) Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all necessary corporate power and authority to execute and
deliver this Agreement and to perform its respective obligations hereunder and to consummate the
Transactions. The execution, delivery and performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement,
and the consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions, have been duly authorized and
approved by their respective boards of directors (and prior to the Effective Time, Parent will cause the
sole shareholder of Merger Sub to approve this Agreement and the Merger) and no other corporate
action on the part of Parent and Merger Sub is necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and
performance by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement and the consummation by them of the
Transactions. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by Parent and Merger Sub and,
assuming due authorization, execution and delivery hereof by the Company, constitutes a legal, valid
and binding obligation of each of Parent and Merger Sub, enforceable against each of them in
accordance with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception.

(ii) The board of directors of Parent (the “Parent Board”), at a meeting duly called and held at
which all of the directors of the Parent Board were present in person or by telephone, in compliance
with the certificate of incorporation or the articles of incorporation, as the case may be, or bylaws (or
comparable organizational documents) of Parent, duly and adopted resolutions (A) adopting and
approving this Agreement and approving the Transactions and (B) taking all corporate action required
to be taken by the Parent Board to authorize and approve the consummation of the Transactions, and
none of the aforesaid actions by the Parent Board has been amended, rescinded or modified as of the
date hereof. No further corporate action is required by the Parent Board in order for Parent to approve
this Agreement or the Transactions, including the Merger.

(iii) Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub, nor the
consummation by Parent or Merger Sub of the Transactions, nor compliance by Parent or Merger Sub
with any of the terms or provisions hereof, will (A) conflict with or violate any provision of the
certificate of incorporation or the articles of incorporation, as the case may be, or bylaws (or
comparable organizational documents) of Parent or Merger Sub or (B) assuming that the authorizations,
consents and approvals referred to in Section 3.2(c) and the filings referred to in Section 3.2(c) are
made, (x) violate any Law, judgment, writ or injunction of any Governmental

A-24



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 126/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Authority applicable to Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective properties or assets or
(y) violate, conflict with, result in the loss of any benefit under, constitute a default (or an event which,
with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, result in the termination of or a
right of termination or cancellation under, accelerate the performance required by, or result in the
creation of any Lien other than Permitted Liens upon any of the respective properties or assets of,
Parent or Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries under, any of the terms, conditions or
provisions of any Contract to which Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a
party, or by which they or any of their respective properties or assets may be bound or affected, except,
in the case of clause (B), for such violations, conflicts, losses, defaults, terminations, cancellations,
accelerations or Liens as, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to prevent,
materially delay or materially impair the ability of Parent or Merger Sub to perform their respective
obligations under this Agreement or consummate the Transactions (a “Parent Material Adverse
Effect”).

(c) Governmental Approvals.   Except for (i) filings required under, and compliance with other
applicable requirements of, the Exchange Act and the New York Stock Exchange and other applicable stock
exchanges, and filings under state securities or “blue sky” laws or foreign securities Laws, (ii) the filing of
the Articles of Merger with the Secretary of State of the State of North Carolina, and (iii) filings required
under, and compliance with other applicable requirements of, the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Laws, no
consents or approvals of, or filings, declarations or registrations with, any Governmental Authority are
necessary for the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by Parent and Merger Sub and the
consummation by Parent and Merger Sub of the Transactions.

(d) Information Supplied.   The information supplied in writing by Parent for inclusion in the Company
Proxy Statement will not, at the time the Company Proxy Statement and any amendments or supplements
thereto is first mailed to the shareholders of the Company and at the time of the Company Shareholder
Approval, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be
stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which
they were made, not misleading.

(e) Ownership and Operations of Merger Sub.   Parent, directly or indirectly, owns beneficially all of
the outstanding shares of Merger Sub Common Stock. Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of
engaging in the Merger, has engaged in no other business activities and has conducted its operations only as
contemplated hereby. The authorized shares of Merger Sub Common Stock consist of 100 shares, all of
which are validly issued and outstanding. All of the issued and outstanding shares of Merger Sub are directly
or indirectly owned by Parent, free and clear of any Liens other than Liens imposed under any federal or
state securities Laws.

(f) Financing.   The Financing, when funded in accordance with the Commitment Letter, together with
other financial resources of Parent, including cash on hand of Parent, will be sufficient for the satisfaction of
all of Parent’s obligations under this Agreement including, to pay the aggregate consideration payable by
Parent on the Closing Date pursuant to Article II, to refinance any indebtedness required to be refinanced in
connection with the Merger and to pay all costs, fees and expenses required to be borne by Parent and its
Affiliates in connection with this Agreement on the Closing Date. Parent has delivered to the Company true,
complete and correct fully executed copies of (i) the commitment letter, dated as of the date hereof, among
Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch (collectively, the
“Commitment Parties”) and Parent (the “Commitment Letter”) and (ii) the fee letter, dated as of the date
hereof, among the Commitment Parties and Parent (as redacted to remove the fee amounts, alternate
transaction fee provisions, pricing caps, the rates and amounts included in the “market flex” that could not
adversely affect the availability of or impose any additional conditions on the availability of the Financing,
or the conditionality, enforceability or termination of the Financing (as defined below), the “Redacted Fee
Letter”), in each case, including all exhibits, schedules, annexes and amendments to such letters in effect as
of the date of this Agreement (collectively, the “Debt Letters”), pursuant to which and subject to the terms
and conditions thereof each of the parties thereto (other than Parent) have severally committed to lend the
amounts set forth therein to Parent (the provision of such funds as set forth therein, the “Financing”) for the
purposes set forth in such Debt Letters. The Debt Letters have not been amended, restated or

A-25



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 127/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

otherwise modified or waived prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement (provided, that the
existence or exercise of  “market flex” provisions contained in the Redacted Fee Letter shall not be deemed
to constitute a modification or amendment of the Commitment Letter), and the respective commitments
contained in the Debt Letters, to the Knowledge of Parent, have not been withdrawn, rescinded, amended,
restated or otherwise modified in any respect prior to the execution and delivery of this Agreement. As of
the date of this Agreement, the Debt Letters are in full force and effect and constitute the legal, valid and
binding obligation of each of Parent and, to the Knowledge of Parent, the other parties thereto, subject, in
each case, to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. As of the date of this Agreement, there are no conditions
precedent or contingencies related to the funding of the full amount of the Financing pursuant to the Debt
Letters, other than as expressly set forth in the Debt Letters and, after the date of this Agreement, such other
conditions and contingencies with respect to the Financing permitted pursuant to Section 4.19. As of the date
of this Agreement, no event has occurred which, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would
reasonably constitute a breach or default on the part of Parent under the Debt Letters or, to the Knowledge of
Parent, any other party to the Debt Letters (assuming the accuracy of the Acquisition Representations (as
defined in the Debt Letter in effect on the date hereof) and undertakings under this Agreement for such
purpose). As of the date of this Agreement there are no or side letters or other agreements, Contracts or
arrangements related to the funding of the full amount of the Financing other than as expressly set forth in
the Debt Letters. Parent has fully paid all commitment fees or other fees required to be paid on or prior to
the date of this Agreement in connection with the Financing.

(g) Legal Proceedings.   There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of Parent, threatened legal,
administrative, arbitral or other proceeding, claim, suit or action against, or governmental or regulatory
investigation of, Parent or any of its Subsidiaries, nor is there any injunction, order, judgment, ruling or
decree imposed upon Parent, any of its Subsidiaries or the assets of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries by or
before any Governmental Authority, in each case that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
Parent Material Adverse Effect.

(h) Brokers and Finders.   Except for Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC and Rothschild Inc., none of
the Buyer Parties or any of their Affiliates or any officers, directors or employees thereof has employed any
broker or finder or incurred any liability for any brokerage fees, commissions or finder’s fees in connection
with the Transactions.

(i) Non-Reliance on Company Estimates, Projections, Forecasts, Forward-Looking Statements and
Business Plans.   In connection with the due diligence investigation of the Company by the Buyer
Parties and their Affiliates and Representatives, the Buyer Parties and their Affiliates and
Representatives have received and may continue to receive after the date hereof from the Company and
its Affiliates and Representatives certain estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking
information, as well as certain business plan information, regarding the Company, its Subsidiaries, and
their respective businesses and operations. The Buyer Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that
(i) there are uncertainties inherent in attempting to make such estimates, projections, forecasts and other
forward-looking statements, as well as in such business plans, with which the Buyer Parties are
familiar, (ii) the Buyer Parties are taking full responsibility for making their own evaluation of the
adequacy and accuracy of all estimates, projections, forecasts and other forward-looking information,
as well as such business plans, so furnished to them (including the reasonableness of the assumptions
underlying such estimates, projections, forecasts, forward-looking information or business plans), (iii)
except for the specific representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement
(including any that are subject to the Company Disclosure Schedule and the Company SEC
Documents), the Buyer Parties have not relied upon the accuracy or completeness of any representation
or warranty, either express or implied, with respect to the Company or any of its Affiliates or their
business, operations, technology, assets, liabilities, results of operations, financial condition, prospects,
projections, budgets, estimates or operational metrics, or as to the accuracy or completeness of any of
the information provided to the Buyer Parties, or any of their respective Affiliates or any of their
respective Representatives by the Company, its Affiliates or any of its or their respective
Representatives and (iv) the Buyer Parties will have no claim against the Company or any of its
Affiliates or Representatives, or any other Person, with respect thereto.

A-26



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 128/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(j) No Other Parent Representations or Warranties.   Except for the representations and warranties
expressly set forth in this Article III, none of Parent or its Subsidiaries or Affiliates, nor any other Person on
behalf of any of them makes or has made any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to,
or on behalf of, Parent, its Subsidiaries or Affiliates or their respective businesses or with respect to any
other information provided or made available to the Company or its Representatives in connection with the
Merger or the other Transactions, including the accuracy or completeness thereof, and each of Parent, its
Subsidiaries and Affiliates hereby disclaims any such representation or warranty whether by Parent, its
Subsidiaries or Affiliates or any other Person on behalf of any of them.

ARTICLE IV 
  

ADDITIONAL COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS

Section 4.1. Preparation of the Company Proxy Statement; Company Shareholders’ Meeting.

(a) The Company shall, as promptly as practicable after the date of this Agreement (and in any event
within thirty (30) days of the date of this Agreement), prepare and file the Company Proxy Statement with
the SEC. The Company, acting through the Company Board, shall in accordance with applicable Law, the
Company Charter Documents and the NASDAQ Stock Market Rules: (i) duly call, give notice of, convene
and hold a meeting of its shareholders as promptly as practicable following clearance with the SEC of the
Company Proxy Statement for the purpose of securing the Company Shareholder Approval (such meeting,
and any postponement or adjournment thereof, the “Company Shareholders’ Meeting”); (ii) except to the
extent that the Company Board has effected or effects a Change of Recommendation in accordance with the
terms of Section 4.2(d), include in the Company Proxy Statement the Merger Recommendation and the
Fairness Opinion; and (iii) use its reasonable best efforts to solicit from holders of shares of Company
Common Stock proxies in favor of the adoption of this Agreement and the Merger, and take all actions
reasonably necessary, proper or advisable to secure, at the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, the Company
Shareholder Approval. The Buyer Parties shall as promptly as reasonably practicable furnish to the
Company any and all information relating to the Buyer Parties that is required or reasonably requested by
the Company to be included in the Company Proxy Statement, including any information required by the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder. The Company shall permit Parent and its counsel a
reasonable opportunity to review the Company Proxy Statement and any exhibits, amendments or
supplements thereto and shall consider in good faith all of Parent’s comments or suggestions prior to filing
the Company Proxy Statement or any exhibits, amendment or supplement thereto or any response letters to
any comments from the SEC, including any comment letters from the SEC. The Company shall promptly
notify Parent of the receipt of all comments from the SEC with respect to the Company Proxy Statement and
of any request by the SEC for any amendment or supplement thereto or for additional material information
and shall promptly provide to Parent copies of all written correspondence between the Company and/or any
of its Representatives and the SEC with respect to the Company Proxy Statement. The Company and Parent
shall each use its reasonable best efforts to promptly provide responses to the SEC with respect to all
comments received on the Company Proxy Statement from the SEC. The Company shall cause the definitive
Company Proxy Statement to be mailed to its shareholders as promptly as practicable after the date the SEC
staff advises that it has no further comments thereon or that the Company may commence mailing the
Company Proxy Statement.

(b) The Company agrees that as of the date of mailing to shareholders of the Company and at the time
of the Company Shareholders’ Meeting, (i) the Company Proxy Statement will comply in all material
respects with the applicable provisions of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations thereunder and (ii)
none of the information supplied by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for inclusion in the Company
Proxy Statement (which shall be deemed to be all information set forth in the Company Proxy Statement,
except for information provided by the Buyer Parties for inclusion in the Company Proxy Statement), will
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein
or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were
made, not misleading. The Buyer Parties agree that none

A-27



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 129/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of the information supplied by either of them or any of their Affiliates for inclusion in (A) the Company
Proxy Statement at the time such Company Proxy Statement or any amendment or supplement thereto is
first mailed to shareholders of the Company and, to the Knowledge of the Buyer Parties, at the time such
shareholders vote on adoption of this Agreement and the Merger, and (B) any Company Disclosure
Document other than the Company Proxy Statement, at the time of the filing with the SEC of such Company
Disclosure Document or any supplement or amendment thereto, and, at the time of any distribution or
dissemination thereof to the Company’s shareholders, will contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of Parent, Merger
Sub and the Company agree to correct as soon as reasonably practicable any information provided by it for
use in the Company Proxy Statement which, to such Party’s Knowledge shall have become false or
misleading. If at any time prior to the Effective Time, any information should be discovered by any party
which should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the Company Proxy Statement so that the
Company Proxy Statement would not include any misstatement of a material fact or omit to state any
material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they
were made, not misleading, the party that discovers such information shall promptly notify the other parties
hereto and, to the extent required by applicable Law, an appropriate amendment or supplement describing
such information shall be promptly filed by the Company with the SEC and disseminated by the Company
to the shareholders of the Company.

(c) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not postpone, recess or adjourn
the Company Shareholders’ Meeting except (i) to the extent required by applicable Law, including by the
fiduciary duties of the Company Board, (ii) to allow reasonable additional time for the filing and/or mailing
of any supplemental or amended disclosure that the Company Board has determined in good faith after
consultation with outside legal counsel is necessary under applicable Law and for such supplemental or
amended disclosure to be disseminated and reviewed by the Company’s shareholders prior to the Company
Shareholders’ Meeting, or (iii) if as of the time for which the Company Shareholders’ Meeting is originally
scheduled (as set forth in the Company Proxy Statement) there are insufficient shares of Company Common
Stock represented (either in person or by proxy) in order to establish a quorum or to obtain the Company
Shareholder Approval; provided, in the cases of clauses (ii) and (iii), that the date of the Company
Shareholders Meeting is not postponed or adjourned more than an aggregate of thirty (30) days.

(d) Notwithstanding any change of Merger Recommendation made pursuant to Section 4.3(d) of this
Agreement, the Company shall nonetheless submit this Agreement to the Company’s shareholders for
adoption at the Company Shareholders Meeting unless this Agreement is terminated in accordance with
Article VI prior to the Company Shareholders Meeting. Without the prior written consent of Parent, the
adoption of this Agreement shall be the only matter (other than matters of procedure and matters required by
Law to be voted on by the Company’s shareholders in connection with the approval of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated hereby) that the Company shall propose to be acted on by the Company’s
shareholders at the Company Shareholders Meeting.

Section 4.2. Conduct of Business.   Except as (a) permitted by this Agreement, (b) required by applicable
Law or (c) set forth in Section 4.2 of the Company Disclosure Schedule, during the period from the date of this
Agreement until the earlier of termination of this Agreement in accordance with Article VI and the Effective
Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, (i) conduct its business in the ordinary
course consistent with past practice in all material respects, (ii) comply in all material respects with all applicable
Laws and the requirements of all Material Contracts, (iii) use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with
past practice to maintain and preserve intact its and its Subsidiaries’ business organization, maintain in effect all
Governmental Authorizations, preserve its present relationships with its lenders and customers, suppliers,
distributors and others having business relationships with it and retain the services of its present officers and key
employees, in each case, to the end that its goodwill and ongoing business shall be unimpaired at the Effective
Time, and (iv) use commercially reasonable efforts consistent with past practice to keep in full force and effect all
material insurance policies maintained by the Company and its Subsidiaries, other than changes to such policies
made in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, except as

A-28



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 130/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(A) permitted by this Agreement, (B) required by applicable Law or (C) set forth in Section 4.2 of the Company
Disclosure Schedule (it being understood and hereby agreed that if any action is expressly permitted by any of the
following subsections such action shall be expressly permitted under the first sentence of this Section 4.2), during
the period from the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any
of its Subsidiaries to, without the prior written consent of Parent ((x) which consent is to be deemed given if
Parent does not notify the Company in writing that it is not providing such consent with respect to such matter
within seven (7) Business Days after the Company has requested such consent and (y) which consent shall not be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed):

(a) (i) issue, sell, grant, dispose of, pledge or otherwise encumber any shares of its or its Subsidiaries’
capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, or any securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable
or exercisable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or
equity interests, or any rights, warrants, options, calls, commitments or any other agreements of any
character to purchase or acquire any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests or any
securities or rights convertible into, exchangeable or exercisable for, or evidencing the right to subscribe for,
any shares of its capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, provided that (A) the Company may issue
shares of Company Common Stock upon the exercise of Options, or upon the exercise or vesting of any
other Equity Based Awards, or rights under the ASPP, in each case granted under the Company Equity Plans
(or the ASPP) that are in effect on the date of this Agreement and in accordance with the terms thereof, (B) a
wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company may issue shares of its capital stock to the Company or to another
wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company; (ii) redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire any of its outstanding
shares of capital stock, voting securities or equity interests, or any rights, warrants, options, calls,
commitments or any other agreements of any character to acquire any shares of its capital stock, voting
securities or equity interests; (iii) declare, set aside for payment or pay any dividend on, or make any other
distribution in respect of, any shares of its capital stock or otherwise make any payments to its shareholders
in their capacity as such ((x) other than dividends by a direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company to the Company or to any other direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company or
(y) regular quarterly dividends (not to exceed $0.16 per share per quarter) to shareholders of the Company
by the Company); (iv) split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any shares of its capital stock; or (v) amend
(including by reducing an exercise price or extending a term) or waive any of its rights under, or accelerate
the vesting under, any provision of the Company Equity Plans or any agreement evidencing any outstanding
share option or other right to acquire capital stock of the Company or any restricted stock purchase
agreement or any similar or related contract;

(b) incur or assume any indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee any indebtedness (or enter into
a “keep well” or similar agreement) of another Person (other than a wholly owned Subsidiary of the
Company) or issue or sell any debt securities or options, warrants, calls or other rights to acquire any debt
securities of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than (i) borrowings by the Company in the
ordinary course of business in amounts not in excess of  $10,000,000 in the aggregate, (ii) borrowings in the
ordinary course of business under letters of credit, lines of credit or other credit facilities or arrangements in
effect on the date hereof, and (iii) borrowings from the Company by a direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

(c) sell, transfer, lease, sublease, exclusively license, pledge, mortgage, encumber or otherwise dispose
of or subject to any Lien other than Permitted Liens (including pursuant to a sale-leaseback transaction or an
asset securitization transaction) any of its properties or assets (including securities of Subsidiaries), that are
material to the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, to any Person except (i) in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice, (ii) pursuant to Contracts in force on the date of this
Agreement and listed in Section 4.2(c) of the Company Disclosure Schedule, a true, correct and complete
copy of which has been provided to Parent, (iii) sales or dispositions by the

A-29



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 131/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries to the Company or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries,
(iv) sales or dispositions not exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate, provided, that the sale or disposition of
any brand owned by the Company shall not be deemed ordinary course of business, or (v) dispositions of
obsolete or worthless assets;

(d) make any capital expenditure or expenditures that (i) involves the purchase of real property or (ii) is
in excess of  $1,000,000, individually, or $5,000,000, in the aggregate, except for any such capital
expenditure set forth in Section 4.2(d) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

(e) directly or indirectly acquire (i) by merging or consolidating with, or by purchasing all of or a
substantial equity interest in, or by any other manner, any Person or division, business or equity interest of
any Person or, (ii) any assets, rights or properties from any other Person, in each case, other than (A)
purchases of goods, equipment, products, licenses of Intellectual Property and other assets in the ordinary
course of business or pursuant to existing Contracts, or (B) acquisitions not exceeding $1,000,000
individually, or $5,000,000, in the aggregate;

(f) make any investment (by contribution to capital, property transfers, purchase of securities or
otherwise) in, or loan or advance (other than travel and similar advances to its employees in the ordinary
course of business consistent with past practice) to, any Person other than a direct or indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in an aggregate
amount not to exceed $5,000,000;

(g) except in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by this Section 4.2, (i) enter into,
terminate, amend or modify any Material Contract (other than extensions at the end of term thereof in
accordance with the terms thereof), or waive, release or assign any material rights, claims or benefits under
any Material Contract and (ii) enter into any Contract that would have been a Material Contract had it been
entered into prior to the date of this Agreement unless, with respect to either subsection (i) or (ii) hereof,
such Contract is on terms substantially consistent with, or on terms more favorable to the Company and/or
its Subsidiaries than a Contract it is replacing;

(h) except in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted by this Section 4.2, (i) enter into
or extend the term or scope of any Contract that purports to restrict or limit the Company, or any existing or
future Subsidiary or Affiliate of the Company form engaging in any line of business or in any geographic
area, (ii) amend or modify the Engagement Letters, (iii) enter into any Contract that would be breached by,
or require the consent of any third party in order to continue in full force following, consummation of the
Transactions, or (iv) release any Person from, or modify or waive any provision of, any confidentiality,
standstill or similar agreement;

(i) sell, license, sublicense, covenant not to sue, assign, transfer, abandon, allow to lapse, otherwise
dispose of or grant any rights in any Owned Intellectual Property (other than non-exclusive licenses granted
to third Persons in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice or with respect to immaterial
or obsolete Owned Intellectual Property) or disclose any material Trade Secrets or confidential information
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any other Person, other than in the ordinary course of business
or pursuant to the terms of this Agreement to a Person bound by reasonable confidentiality obligations;

(j) (i) increase in any manner the compensation, including the payment of any bonus or award or
granting of any loan, of any of its directors, officers, employees or individual service provider, (ii) enter into,
establish, amend or terminate any employment, consulting, retention, change in control, collective
bargaining, bonus or other incentive compensation, profit sharing, health or other welfare, share option or
other equity (or equity-based), pension, retirement, vacation, severance, deferred compensation or other
compensation or benefit plan, policy, agreement, trust, fund or arrangement, including any Company Plan,
with, for or in respect of, any director, officer, other employee, consultant, independent contractor or
Affiliate, or (iii) except as specifically contemplated by this Agreement, accelerate the time of payment or
vesting of, or the lapsing of restrictions with respect to, or fund or otherwise secure the payment of, any
compensation or benefits under any Company Plan, in each case, other than as required pursuant to
applicable Law or any existing agreement, Company Plan or arrangement as at the date hereof; provided,
however, that nothing in this Section 4.2(j) shall prohibit the Company from taking any actions described in
Section 4.2(j) of the Company Disclosure Schedule;

A-30



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 132/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(k) make or change any material Tax election, except to the extent consistent with past practice, amend
any material Tax Return, or file any claims for material amounts of Tax refunds, enter into any material
closing agreement within the meaning of Section 7121 of the Code, agree to an extension or waiver of the
statute of limitations with respect to the assessment or determination of any Taxes that would be material to
the Company and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, settle any material Tax claim or surrender any right to
claim a refund, offset or other reduction of material Taxes, or request any material tax ruling;

(l) make any changes in financial or tax accounting methods, principles or practices (or change an
annual accounting period), except insofar as may be required by a change in GAAP or applicable Law;

(m) amend the Company Charter Documents or the Subsidiary Documents;

(n) adopt a plan or agreement of complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, restructuring,
recapitalization, merger, consolidation or other reorganization (other than transactions exclusively between
wholly owned Subsidiaries of the Company or between any wholly owned Subsidiary of the Company and
the Company);

(o) pay, discharge, settle or satisfy any claims, liabilities or obligations (absolute, accrued, asserted or
unasserted, contingent or otherwise), in each case for an amount in excess of  $1,000,000 individually or
$5,000,000 in the aggregate, other than the payment, discharge, settlement or satisfaction in accordance with
their terms of liabilities, claims or obligations reflected or reserved against in the most recent consolidated
financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the Company included in the Filed Company SEC Documents;

(p) settle or compromise for an amount in excess of  $1,000,000 individually or $5,000,000 in the
aggregate any litigation, proceeding or investigation, other than settlements or compromises to the extent
reflected or reserved against in the most recent consolidated financial statements (or the notes thereto) of the
Company for an amount not in excess of the amount so reflected or reserved; provided that, the payment,
discharge, settlement or satisfaction of any such litigation, proceeding or investigation does not include any
material obligation (other than the payment of money) to be performed by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (this covenant being in addition to the Company’s agreement set forth in Section 4.9 hereof);

(q) take any action to increase the vote required for the Company Shareholder Approval;

(r) (i) enter into any new line of business other than any line of business that is reasonably ancillary to
and a reasonably foreseeable extension of any line of business as of the date of this Agreement, or (ii) start
to conduct a line of business of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries in any geographic area where it is not
conducted as of the date of this Agreement, other than starting to conduct a line of business of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries in geographic areas that are reasonable extensions to geographic areas where such
business line is conducted as of the date of this Agreement;

(s) hire any new officer, employee, consultant or individual service provider (provided that (i) the
Company shall be permitted to hire employees, consultants or other individual service providers with an
aggregate annual base compensation and target incentive opportunity below $250,000 in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice to fill positions that are open as of the date hereof or that become
open following the date hereof to the extent reasonably necessary as determined by the Company in its sole
discretion, and (ii) the Company shall be permitted to hire any new officer, employee, consultant or
individual service provider to fill any position listed in Section 4.2(s) of the Company Disclosure Schedule);
or

(t) authorize, commit or agree, in writing or otherwise, to take any of the foregoing actions.

Nothing contained in this Agreement is intended to give any Buyer Party, directly or indirectly, the right to
control or direct the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to the Effective
Time, the Company shall exercise, consistent with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, complete control
and supervision over its operations.

A-31



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 133/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.3. No Solicitation by the Company; Etc.

(a) No Solicitation or Negotiation.   Except as expressly permitted by this Section 4.3 (including
Section 4.3(b)), the Company shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’
respective directors, officers, employees, investment bankers, financial advisors, underwriters, attorneys,
accountants, agents and other representatives (the “Representatives”) to, immediately cease any discussions
or negotiations with any Person conducted heretofore with respect to an Acquisition Proposal or proposal
that would reasonably be expected to lead to an Acquisition Proposal, promptly terminate access to any
physical or electronic data room relating to the Company for any such Acquisition Proposal and request each
Persons that has, prior to the date hereof, executed a confidentiality agreement with the Company in
connection with its consideration of an Acquisition Proposal, the prompt return or destruction, in accordance
with the terms of such confidentiality agreement, of any confidential information provided to such Person in
connection with an Acquisition Proposal. Except as expressly permitted by this Section 4.3(a) or
Section 4.3(b), the Company shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries and their respective Representatives
not to, directly or indirectly (i) solicit, initiate, cause, induce, facilitate or encourage (including by way of
furnishing information) any inquiries or proposals that constitute, or may reasonably be expected to lead to
the making, submission or announcement of any such Acquisition Proposal or otherwise knowingly
cooperate with or knowingly assist the making, submission or announcement of any such Acquisition
Proposal, (ii) participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person regarding any such Acquisition
Proposal, (iii) disclose any non-public information relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to,
afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
to, or knowingly assist, participate in, facilitate or encourage any effort by, any Person that is seeking to
make, or has made, any such Acquisition Proposal, or (iv) enter into any merger or other agreement,
agreement in principle, letter of intent, term sheet, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other
similar instrument in each case providing for or contemplating any such Acquisition Proposal (other than an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement).

(b) Conduct Following the Date Hereof.   Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary,
at any time following the date of this Agreement and prior to the time, but not after, the Company
Shareholder Approval is obtained, if the Company receives a bona fide, written Acquisition Proposal, which
shall not have been solicited in violation of Section 4.3(a), from any Person or group of Persons, subject to
compliance with this Section 4.3(b), (i) the Company and its Representatives may contact such Person or
group of Persons solely to clarify the terms and conditions thereof, (ii) the Company and its Representatives
may provide non-public information and data concerning the Company and its Subsidiaries to such Person
or group of Persons and their Representatives, their Affiliates and their prospective equity and debt
financing sources if the Company receives from such Person an Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement;
provided, that the Company shall promptly make available to Parent any non-public information concerning
the Company or its Subsidiaries that the Company made available to any Person or group of Persons and
their Representatives, their Affiliates and prospective equity and debt financing sources if such information
was not previously made available to the Buyer Parties, (iii) the Company and its Representatives may
engage or participate in any discussions or negotiations with such Person or group of Persons if and only to
the extent that, (A) prior to taking any action described in clause (ii) or (iii) above, the Company Board, or a
committee thereof, determines in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that failure to
take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under
applicable Law, and (B) in each such case referred to in clause (ii) or (iii) above, the Company Board, or a
committee thereof, has determined in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and
financial advisor) that such Acquisition Proposal either constitutes a Superior Proposal or could reasonably
be expected to result in a Superior Proposal, and (iv) prior to engaging or participating in any such
discussions or negotiations with or furnishing any information to, such Person, the Company gives Parent
written notice in accordance with Section 4.3(f).

A-32



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 134/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c) Definitions.   For purposes of this Agreement:

(i) “Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement” means any confidentiality agreement that (a) contains
provisions that are at least as restrictive in all material respects as those contained in the Confidentiality
Agreement, provided, that such confidentiality agreement need not contain any standstill provision,
(b) does not prohibit the Company from complying with the provisions of Section 4.3 and (c) does not
include any provision calling for an exclusive right to negotiate with the Company, prior to the
termination of this Agreement.

(ii) “Acquisition Proposal” means any inquiry, proposal, indication of interest, or offer (whether in
writing or otherwise) with respect to (A) a merger, consolidation, business combination, asset purchase,
recapitalization, joint venture, partnership, spin-off, extraordinary dividend, or similar transaction with
any Person or group of Persons, other than Parent and its Subsidiaries, that involves any of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries or (B) any direct or indirect acquisition (whether by tender offer,
share purchase, share exchange or other manner) by any Person or group of Persons, other than Parent
and its Subsidiaries, which, in each case of (A) and (B), if consummated would result in any Person or
group of Persons, other than Parent and its Subsidiaries, becoming the beneficial owner of, directly or
indirectly, in one or a series of related transactions, equity securities of the Company or any of its
respective Subsidiaries representing more than twenty percent (20%) of all outstanding equity securities
of the Company (by vote or value), or more than twenty percent (20%) of the consolidated total assets
(including, equity securities of its Subsidiaries) of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
in each case other than the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(iii) “Confidentiality Agreement” means that certain agreement, dated October 25, 2017, by and
between the Company and Parent.

(iv) “Intervening Event” means an Event that was not known to, or reasonably foreseeable by, the
Company Board, or a committee thereof, prior to the execution of this Agreement (or if known, the
consequences of which were not known or reasonably expected to occur), which Event becomes known
to or reasonably foreseeable by (or the consequences of which become known to, or reasonably
expected to occur by) the Company Board, or a committee thereof, after the execution of this
Agreement by the Company and prior to the time the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained;
provided, however, that in no event shall (A) the receipt, existence or terms of an Acquisition Proposal
or any matter relating thereto or consequence thereof constitute an Intervening Event or (B) (1) solely
any changes in the market price or trading volume of the Company or (2) solely the Company meeting,
failing to meet or exceeding published or unpublished revenue or earnings projections, in each case in
and of itself constitute an Intervening Event (it being understood that with respect to clause (B) the
facts or occurrences giving rise or contributing to such change or event may be taken into account when
determining an Intervening Event to the extent otherwise satisfying this definition).

(v) “Superior Proposal” means any bona fide, written Acquisition Proposal, which shall not have
been solicited in violation of Section 4.3(a), (provided, that for purpose of this definition,
the percentages in the definition of Acquisition Proposal shall be fifty percent (50%) rather than
twenty percent (20%) made by a third party that did not result from a material breach of this Section 4.3
for a transaction that is on terms that the Company Board, or a committee thereof, determines, in good
faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor), to be (i) more favorable to
the holders of Company Common Stock from a financial point of view than the Merger, taking into
account all the terms and conditions, and the likelihood of completion of, such Acquisition Proposal
and this Agreement (including any offer by Parent to amend the terms of this Agreement) that are
deemed in good faith to be relevant by the Company Board, or a committee thereof and (ii) reasonably
capable of being completed, taking into account all financial, legal, regulatory, and other aspects of
such proposal.

A-33



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 135/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(d) No Change in Recommendation or Alternative Acquisition Agreement.

(i) Except as set forth in this Section 4.3(d), Section 4.3(e), or Section 6.3(a) the Company Board
and each committee thereof shall not:

(A) withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend, or modify (or publicly propose or resolve to
withhold, withdraw, qualify, amend, or modify), in a manner adverse to Parent or Merger Sub, the
Merger Recommendation or approve or recommend, or propose publicly to approve or
recommend, any Acquisition Proposal or make or authorize the making of any public statement
(oral or written) that has the substantive effect of such withdrawal, qualification, amendment, or
modification (any action or failure to act taken as set forth in this clause (A), a “Change of
Recommendation”); or

(B) cause or permit the Company to enter into any letter of intent, merger agreement, term
sheet, agreement in principle, memorandum of understanding, share purchase agreement, asset
purchase agreement, share exchange agreement or other similar agreement (other than an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement as defined in Section 4.3(b)) constituting or relating to any
Acquisition Proposal (an “Alternative Acquisition Agreement”); or

(C) approve or recommend, or publicly propose to enter into an Alternative Acquisition
Agreement.

(ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, at any time following the
date of this Agreement and prior to the time the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained, if the
Company Board, or a committee thereof, has received an bona fide written Acquisition Proposal, which
shall not have been solicited in violation of Section 4.3(a), which Acquisition Proposal the Company
Board, or a committee thereof, determines in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal
counsel and financial advisor) constitutes a Superior Proposal, the Company Board, and a committee
thereof, may effect a Change of Recommendation and may also terminate this Agreement pursuant to
Section 6.3(a) (a “Fiduciary Termination”); provided, however, that the Company shall not effect a
Change of Recommendation in connection with a Superior Proposal or effect a Fiduciary Termination
pursuant to Section 6.3(a) with respect to a Superior Proposal unless: (A) the Company Board, or a
committee thereof, in good faith determines (after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that the
failure to take such action would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary
duties under applicable Law; (B) the Company notifies Parent in writing, at least four (4) Business
Days in advance (and two (2) Business Days in advance, if such notification relates to the Superior
Proposal, in respect of which a notification had previously been made, and terms of which Superior
Proposal materially changed), that it intends to effect a Change of Recommendation in connection with
a Superior Proposal or effect a Fiduciary Termination pursuant to Section 6.3(a) with respect to a
Superior Proposal, which notice shall specify the identity of the Person who made such Superior
Proposal and the material terms and conditions of such Superior Proposal; (C) after providing such
notice and prior to making such Change of Recommendation in connection with a Superior Proposal or
effecting a Fiduciary Termination pursuant to Section 6.3(a) with respect to a Superior Proposal, if
requested by Parent, the Company shall negotiate in good faith with Parent during such four
(4) Business Day period (or such two (2) Business Day period, as the case may be) to make such
revisions to the terms of this Agreement so that failure to effect such Change of Recommendation or
effect a Fiduciary Termination would no longer be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the
directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable Law; and (D) the Company Board, or a committee thereof,
shall have considered in good faith (after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial
advisor) any changes to this Agreement offered in writing by Parent in a manner that would form a
binding contract if accepted by the Company and shall have determined in good faith that the Superior
Proposal would continue to constitute a Superior Proposal if such changes offered in writing by Parent
were to be given effect.

(iii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, at any time prior to the
time the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained, the Company Board, and a committee thereof,
may also effect a Change of Recommendation in the absence of a Superior

A-34



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 136/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Proposal if an Intervening Event shall have occurred and be continuing; provided, however, that the
Company shall not effect a Change of Recommendation in connection with an Intervening Event
unless: (A) the Company Board, or a committee thereof, in good faith determines (after consultation
with its outside legal counsel) that, in light of such Intervening Event, the failure to take such action
would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable Law;
(B) the Company notifies Parent in writing, at least four (4) Business Days in advance (and two
(2) Business Days in advance, if such notification relates to the Intervening Event, in respect of which a
notification had previously been made, and circumstances of which Intervening Event materially
changed), which notice shall not itself constitute a Change of Recommendation and shall (x) state that
an Intervening Event has occurred and that the Company Board, or a committee thereof, has
determined that in light of such Intervening Event, the failure to effect a Change of Recommendation
would be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable Law,
and that the Company intends to take such action and (y) specify the details of such Intervening Event
and the basis upon which the Company Board intends to effect a Change of Recommendation; (C) after
providing such notice and prior to making such Change of Recommendation in connection with an
Intervening Event, if requested by Parent, the Company shall negotiate in good faith with Parent during
such four (4) Business Day period (or such two (2) Business Day period, as the case may be) to make
such revisions to the terms and conditions of this Agreement so that the failure to make such Change of
Recommendation would no longer be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the directors’ fiduciary
duties under applicable Law; and (D) the Company Board, or a committee thereof, shall have
considered in good faith any changes to this Agreement offered in writing by Parent in a manner that
would form a binding contract if accepted by the Company and shall have determined in good faith
(after consultation with its outside legal counsel) that the failure to effect a Change of Recommendation
with respect to such Intervening Event would still be reasonably likely to be inconsistent with the
directors’ fiduciary duties under applicable Law.

(e) Certain Permitted Disclosure.   Nothing contained in this Section 4.3 shall be deemed to prohibit the
Company or the Company Board, or any committee thereof, from (i) complying with its disclosure
obligations under United States federal or state law with regard to an Acquisition Proposal, including taking
and disclosing to its shareholders a position contemplated by Rule 14d-9 and Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated
under the Exchange Act (or any similar communication to shareholders), or (ii) making any “stop-look-and-
listen” communication to the shareholders of the Company pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) promulgated under the
Exchange Act (or any similar communications to the shareholders of the Company); provided, that the
foregoing shall in no way eliminate or modify the effect that any such disclosure would otherwise have
under this Agreement.

(f) Notice.   From and after the date of this Agreement, the Company agrees that (i) it will promptly
(and, in any event, within twenty-four (24) hours) notify Parent if any Acquisition Proposal is received by it
indicating, in connection with such notice, the identity of the Person making the Acquisition Proposal and
the material terms and conditions thereof  (including, if applicable, copies of any written documentation
constituting the Acquisition Proposal, including proposed agreements) and (ii) in the event that any such
Person modifies its Acquisition Proposal in any material respect, the Company shall notify Parent within
twenty-four (24) hours after receipt of such modified Acquisition Proposal of the fact that such Acquisition
Proposal has been modified and the terms of such modification (including, if applicable, copies of any
written documentation reflecting such modification) and thereafter shall keep Parent reasonably informed,
on a reasonably current basis, of material changes in the status an terms of any such proposals or offers
(including any amendments thereto) and any material changes to the status of any such discussions or
negotiations. The Company agrees that it shall not, and shall cause its Subsidiaries not to, enter into any
confidentiality agreement subsequent to the date hereof which prohibits the Company from providing to
Parent such material terms and conditions and other information.

Section 4.4. Reasonable Best Efforts.

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company and Parent agree, and Parent
and the Company agree to cause their respective Subsidiaries to use their respective reasonable best efforts
to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary,

A-35



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 137/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

proper or advisable under this Agreement and applicable Laws and regulations to consummate and make
effective the Merger and the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to use their respective
reasonable best efforts to cause the conditions to each party’s obligation to effect the Merger as set forth in
Article V to be satisfied as promptly as practicable after the date hereof and in any event prior to the
Termination Date, including (i) preparing and filing, in consultation with the other party and as promptly as
practicable and advisable after the date hereof, all documentation to effect all necessary applications,
notices, petitions, filings, Tax ruling requests and other documents and to obtain as promptly as practicable
all consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, orders, registrations, approvals, permits, Tax rulings and
authorizations necessary or advisable to be obtained from any third party (including, any landlords or
sublandlords in connection with Company Leased Properties) and/ or any Governmental Authority to
consummate the Transactions, (ii) taking such steps as may be necessary or advisable to obtain all such
material consents, clearances, waivers, licenses, registrations, permits, authorizations, Tax rulings, orders
and approvals, and (iii) contesting and resisting any administrative or judicial action or proceeding instituted
(or threatened in writing to be instituted), and taking all reasonable steps to lift or rescind any injunction or
restraining order or other order, adversely affecting the ability of the parties hereto to consummate the
Merger or any of the other Transactions contemplated by this Agreement. In furtherance and not in
limitation of the foregoing, each party hereto agrees to make or cause to be made, in consultation and
cooperation with the other (A) as promptly as practicable and advisable after the date hereof, but in no event
later than ten (10) Business Days after the date hereof, an appropriate filing of a Notification and Report
Form pursuant to the HSR Act, and (B) as promptly as practicable and advisable, all other necessary
registrations, declarations, notices and filings relating to the Transactions with other Governmental
Authorities under any other Antitrust Law with respect to the Transactions. Each party hereto agrees (x) not
to extend any waiting period under the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Law or enter into any agreement with
any Governmental Authority to delay the consummation of the Transactions, except with the prior written
consent of the other parties which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed, (y) to
respond to any inquiries received and supply as promptly as practicable any additional information and
documentary material that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Law and (z) to
take such actions as are necessary or advisable to obtain all requisite approvals, clearances and
authorizations of any Governmental Authority and cause the expiration or termination of the applicable
waiting periods under the HSR Act and any other Antitrust Law as promptly as practicable and in any event
prior to the Termination Date. Parent shall be responsible for paying all filing fees under the HSR Act and
any other applicable Antitrust Laws with respect to the Transactions.

(b) To the extent permissible under applicable Law, each of Parent and the Company shall, in
connection with the efforts referenced in Section 4.4(a) to obtain all requisite approvals, clearances and
authorizations for the Transactions under the HSR Act or any other Antitrust Law, use its reasonable best
efforts to (i) cooperate with each other in connection with any filing or submission and in connection with
any investigation or other inquiry, including any proceeding initiated by a private party, (ii) promptly inform
the other party of any substantive communication received by such party from, or given by such party to, the
Antitrust Division of the United States Department of Justice (the “DOJ”), the United States Federal Trade
Commission (the “FTC”) or any other Governmental Authority and of any substantive communication
received or given in connection with any proceeding by a private party, in each case regarding any of the
Transactions contemplated hereby, (iii) permit the other party’s authorized Representatives to consult with
each other in advance of, and consider in good faith the views of the other party in connection with, any
substantive proposed meeting, conference or communication with, the DOJ, the FTC or any such other
Governmental Authority or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party, with any other Person,
(iv) give the other party’s authorized Representatives the opportunity to attend and participate in such
meetings and conferences to the extent not prohibited by applicable Law or by the applicable Governmental
Authority, (v) in the event one party is prohibited by applicable Law or by the applicable Governmental
Authority from participating in or attending any meetings or conferences, keep the other party promptly
apprised with respect thereto and (vi) cooperate in connection with any proposed analysis, appearance,
presentation, memoranda, brief, white papers, filings, correspondence, opinion, proposal or other
communications,, explaining or defending the Transactions contemplated hereby, articulating any regulatory
or

A-36



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 138/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

competitive argument, and/or responding to requests or objections made by any Governmental Authority;
provided, however, that materials may be redacted as reasonably advisable (A) to remove references
concerning the valuation, pricing, and other competitively sensitive terms in the Contracts of Parent, the
Company and their respective Subsidiaries, (B) to remove references concerning proposals from third parties
with respect to the Company, (C) as necessary to comply with contractual arrangements, and (C) as
necessary to address reasonable privilege or confidentiality concerns. Without limiting the generality of the
Buyer Parties’ undertaking pursuant to this Section 4.4, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary
contained in this Agreement, Parent shall have the principal responsibility for devising and implementing
the strategy for obtaining any necessary approvals, clearances, and authorizations for the Transactions HSR
Act or any other Antitrust Laws, provided, that such strategy shall be reasonably designed to obtain such
approvals, clearances, and authorizations in a manner consistent with this Section 4.4, as promptly as
reasonably practicable, but in no event later than the Termination Date, and Parent shall take the lead in all
meetings and communications with any Governmental Authority in connection with obtaining any necessary
Antitrust Laws or competition clearances. All expenses incurred in connection with the foregoing shall be
paid by the party incurring such fees or expenses

(c) During the period from the date of this Agreement until the earlier of termination of this Agreement
in accordance with its terms and the Effective Time, none of Parent, Merger Sub or the Company shall, and
each of the Parent, Merger Sub and the Company shall not permit any of their respective Subsidiaries to,
take any action or enter into any transaction, or any agreement to effect any transaction (including by merger
or acquisition), that would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially hinder or materially delay the
ability of the parties to (i) obtain the expiration or termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act or
any other applicable Antitrust Law applicable to the Transaction or (ii) obtain any authorizations, consents,
orders, and approvals of any Governmental Authorities necessary for the consummation of the Transactions.

(d) Without limiting the generality of the Buyer Parties’ undertaking pursuant to this Section 4.4, Parent
agrees to defend through litigation on the merits any claim under any antitrust, competition or trade
regulation law that is asserted in court by any Governmental Authority or any other party, in order to avoid
entry of, or to have vacated or terminated, any decree, order or judgment (whether temporary, preliminary or
permanent) that would prevent the Closing from occurring prior to the Termination Date; provided,
however, that such litigation in no way limits the obligation of Parent to use its reasonable best efforts to
close the Transactions prior to the Termination Date.

(e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall,
in order to permit the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1(b) and Section 5.1(c) as promptly
as practicable and advisable, (i) propose, negotiate, commit to, effect and agree to, by consent decree, hold
separate order or otherwise, the sale, divestiture, license, holding separate, and other disposition of and
restriction on the businesses, assets, properties, product lines, and equity interests of, or changes to the
conduct of business of, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries) and take such action or actions that would in
the aggregate have a similar effect, (ii) create, terminate, or divest relationships, ventures, contractual rights
or obligations of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, and (iii) otherwise take or commit to take any
action that would limit Parent’s freedom of action with respect to, or its ability to retain or hold, directly or
indirectly, any businesses, assets, equity interests, product lines or properties of the Company, or its
Subsidiaries; provided that any such sales, divestitures, licenses, holdings, dispositions, restrictions, changes
or similar effects are conditioned upon and become effective only from and after the Effective Time;
provided, further, however, that nothing contained in this Agreement shall require Parent or the Company to
take, or cause to be taken, or commit to take, or commit to cause to be taken, any divestiture, license, hold
separate, sale or other disposition, of or with respect to assets, businesses or product lines of  (x) Parent or
any of its Subsidiaries or (y) the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, if, in the case of clause (y), doing so
will have or would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Without limiting the foregoing, in no event shall the Company (and the Company shall not
permit any of its Subsidiaries to) propose, negotiate, effect or agree to any such actions without the prior
written consent of Parent.

A-37



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 139/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.5. Public Announcements.   The initial press release with respect to the execution of this
Agreement shall be a joint press release to be reasonably agreed upon by Parent and the Company. Thereafter
(unless and until a Change of Recommendation has occurred in compliance with Section 4.3(d) or this
Agreement has been terminated), neither the Company nor the Buyer Parties shall issue or cause the publication
of any press release or other public announcement (to the extent not previously issued or made in accordance
with this Agreement) with respect to the Merger, this Agreement or the other Transactions without the prior
written consent of the other party (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed),
except as may be required by Law or by the applicable rules of any stock exchange (in which case such party
shall not issue or cause the publication of such press release or other public announcement without prior
consultation with the other party).

Section 4.6. Access and Reports.   Subject to applicable Laws relating to the sharing of information, from
the date hereof until the earlier of the Effective Time and the termination of this Agreement pursuant to
Article VI, the Company shall, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries and Representatives to, upon reasonable
prior written notice, (a) afford to Parent and Parent’s Representatives reasonable access during normal business
hours and without disruption of business to all of the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ properties (including
production facilities), books, Contracts, commitments, records and correspondence (in each case, whether in
physical or electronic form), officers, employees, accountants, counsel, financial advisors and other
Representatives, (b) use reasonable efforts to afford Parent and Parent’s Representatives reasonable access to the
facilities of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’ suppliers that manufacture finished goods or otherwise provide
significant raw materials to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, in each case during normal business hours,
without disruption of business, and subject to provision by Parent and such Representatives of customary
confidentiality undertakings and such other reasonable restrictions and conditions that such suppliers may
demand, and (c) the Company shall furnish, or cause its Subsidiaries to, promptly furnish to Parent (i) a copy of
each report, schedule and other document filed or submitted by it pursuant to the requirements of any securities
Laws (and the Company shall deliver to Parent a copy of each report, schedule and other document proposed to
be filed or submitted by the Company pursuant to the requirements of any securities Laws not less than two
(2) Business Days prior to such filing) and a copy of any communication (including “comment letters”) received
by the Company from the SEC concerning compliance with any securities Law and (ii) all other information
concerning its and its Subsidiaries’ business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request from
time to time. Except for disclosures permitted by the Confidentiality Agreement, Parent and Parent’s
Representatives shall hold information received from the Company pursuant to this Section 4.6 in confidence in
accordance with the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement. No investigation, or information received, pursuant
to this Section 4.6 shall modify any of the representations and warranties of the parties hereto. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, any such investigation or consultation shall not be conducted in such a manner as to interfere
unreasonably with the business or operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries or otherwise result in any
significant interference with the prompt and timely discharge by such employees of their normal duties. Neither
the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to provide access to or to disclose information where,
in the reasonable good faith judgment of the Company, such access or disclosure is reasonably likely to
jeopardize any work product or attorney-client privilege or contravene any Law or breach any Contract to which
the Company or its Subsidiaries is a party or by which they are bound.

Section 4.7. Notification of Certain Matters.   The Company shall give prompt notice to Parent, and Parent
shall give prompt notice to the Company, of  (a) any notice or other communication received by such party from
any Governmental Authority in connection with the Transactions or from any Person alleging that the consent of
such Person is or may be required in connection with the Transactions, (b) any Actions commenced or, to the
Knowledge of the Company or the Knowledge of Parent, as the case may be, threatened against, relating to or
involving or otherwise affecting such party or any of its Subsidiaries that relate to the Transactions, (c) the
discovery of any fact or circumstance that, or the occurrence or non-occurrence of any event the occurrence or
non-occurrence of which, causes or is reasonably likely to cause (i) any representation or warranty contained in
this Agreement to be untrue or inaccurate in any material respect, or (ii) a material failure of the Buyer Parties, on
the one hand, or the Company, on the other hand, as the case may be, to comply with or satisfy any covenant,
condition, or agreement to be complied with or satisfied under this Agreement, in each case, if and only to the
extent that such untruth, inaccuracy or failure would reasonably be expected to result in any of the conditions to
the obligations of

A-38



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 140/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the Company or the Buyer Parties, as applicable, set forth in Article V not being satisfied at the Closing or
satisfaction of those conditions being materially delayed in violation of any provision of this Agreement;
provided, however, that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 4.7 shall not (A) cure any breach of, or
non-compliance with, any other provision of this Agreement, (B) limit the remedies available to the party
receiving such notice or (C) result in any disclosure by the Company to be deemed to amend or supplement the
Company Disclosure Schedule or constitute an acceptance of any exception to any representation or warranty;
and provided, further, that the terms and conditions of the Confidentiality Agreement shall apply to any
information provided under this Section 4.7. The parties agree that the Company’s and Parent’s respective
compliance or failure of compliance with this Section 4.7 shall not be taken into account for purposes of
determining whether the condition referred to in Section 5.2(b) or Section 5.3(b), respectively, shall have been
satisfied.

Section 4.8. Indemnification and Insurance.

(a) Parent shall and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to indemnify, defend and hold harmless, to
the fullest extent authorized or permitted under the NCBCA or other applicable Law, any individual who is
now, or has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement, or who becomes prior to the Effective
Time, a director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any director or officer of the
Company or its Subsidiaries who is or was serving at the request of Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a
director, officer, manager, employee, fiduciary, agent or trustee (or equivalent position) of another Person
(collectively, the “Indemnitees”) against any and all losses, claims, damages, costs, expenses (including
attorneys’ fees and disbursements), fines, liabilities, judgments, and amounts that are paid in settlement in
any threatened (in writing) or actual claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation, whether civil, criminal
or administrative (each, a “Claim”), based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or
pertaining to (i) the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
or served at the request of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries as a director, officer, manager, employee,
fiduciary, agent or trustee of another Person, prior to the Effective Time, (ii) matters existing or occurring at
or prior to the Effective Time, including this Agreement and the Transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, or (iii) actions or omissions by an Indemnitees taken at the request of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries (each of  (i), (ii), and (iii), collectively “Indemnity Proceedings”), in each case, whether asserted
or claimed prior to, at, or after the Effective Time; in each case, to the same extent such Indemnitees are
indemnified as of the date of this Agreement by the Company pursuant to applicable Law, the Company
Charter Documents, and indemnification agreements in existence on the date of this Agreement and the
Subsidiary Documents (collectively, the “D&O Indemnification Agreements”). To the extent permitted
under the NCBCA or other applicable Law, Parent shall, or shall cause the Surviving Corporation to
promptly advance all out-of-pocket expenses of each Indemnitee in connection with any Indemnity
Proceeding as such expenses (including attorneys’ fees and disbursements) are incurred upon receipt from
such Indemnitee of a request therefor (accompanied by invoices or other relevant documentation) in
accordance with the procedures set forth in the D&O Indemnification Agreements in existence on the date of
this Agreement; provided, however, that the director or officer of the Company and its Subsidiaries to whom
expenses are advanced undertakes, to the extent required under the NCBCA or other applicable Law, to
repay such advanced expenses to the Surviving Corporation if it is ultimately determined that such director,
or officer is not entitled to indemnification under applicable Law or the D&O Indemnification Agreements.
In the event any Indemnity Proceeding is brought against any Indemnitee (and in which indemnification
could be sought by such Indemnitee hereunder), Parent, the Surviving Corporation and their respective
Subsidiaries shall cooperate and use reasonable best efforts to defend against and respond thereto; provided,
that none of Parent, the Surviving Corporation or their respective Subsidiaries shall settle, compromise or
consent to the entry of any judgment in such Indemnity Proceeding with respect to any Indemnitee unless
such settlement, compromise or consent includes a release of such Indemnitee from all liability arising out
of such Indemnity Proceeding or such Indemnitee otherwise consents in writing.

(b) From and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation will, and Parent will cause the
Surviving Corporation and its Subsidiaries to, fulfill and honor in all respects the obligations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries pursuant to: (i) each indemnification agreement in effect between any of the
Company and its Subsidiaries and any Indemnitee as set forth in Section 4.8(b) of the Company

A-39



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 141/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Disclosure Schedule; and (ii) any indemnification provision, expense advancement provision and any
exculpation provision set forth in the Company Charter Documents and the Subsidiary Documents in effect
on the date of this Agreement. The articles of incorporation and bylaws of the Surviving Corporation and
equivalent organizational documents of the Surviving Corporation’s Subsidiaries shall contain the provisions
with respect to indemnification, expense advancement and exculpation from liability at least as favorable as
the indemnification, expense advancement and exculpation from liability provisions set forth in the
Company Charter Documents and the Subsidiary Documents on the date of this Agreement, and, during the
period commencing at the Effective Time and ending on the sixth (6 ) anniversary of the Effective Time,
such provisions shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that could adversely
affect the rights thereunder of any Indemnitee.

(c) Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall, or, if the Company is unable to, Parent shall cause
the Surviving Corporation as of the Effective Time to, obtain and fully pay the premium for the non-
cancellable extension of the directors’ and officers’ liability coverage of the Company’s existing directors’
and officers’ insurance policies and the Company’s existing fiduciary liability insurance policies
(collectively, “D&O Insurance”), in each case for a claims reporting or discovery period of at least six
(6) years from and after the Effective Time with respect to any claim related to any period of time at or prior
to the Effective Time with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than
the coverage provided under the Company’s existing policies with respect to any actual or alleged error,
misstatement, misleading statement, act, omission, neglect, breach of duty or any matter claimed against a
director or officer of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by reason of him or her serving in such capacity
that existed or occurred at or prior to the Effective Time (including in connection with this Agreement or the
transactions or actions contemplated hereby); provided that the Company shall give Parent a reasonable
opportunity to participate in the selection of such “tail” policy and the Company shall give reasonable and
good faith consideration to any comments made by Parent with respect thereto. If the Company or the
Surviving Corporation for any reason fail to obtain such “tail” insurance policies as of the Effective Time,
the Surviving Corporation shall continue to maintain in effect, for a period of at least six (6) years from and
after the Effective Time, the D&O Insurance in place as of the date hereof with terms, conditions, retentions
and limits of liability that are no less favorable than the coverage provided under the Company’s existing
policies as of the date hereof, or the Surviving Corporation shall purchase comparable D&O Insurance for
such six-year period with terms, conditions, retentions and limits of liability that are no less favorable than
as provided in the Company’s existing policies as of the date hereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no
event shall Parent or the Surviving Corporation be required to, and in no event shall the Company be
permitted to, without Parent’s prior written consent, expend for the policies pursuant to this section an
aggregate premium amount in excess of 300% of the amount per annum the Company paid in its last full
fiscal year; provided that if the aggregate premiums of such insurance coverage exceed such amount, the
Surviving Corporation shall be obligated to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage available, with respect
to matters occurring prior to the Effective Time, for a cost not exceeding such amount.

(d) The provisions of this Section 4.8: (i) are intended to be for the benefit of, and shall be enforceable
by, each Person who is now, or who has been at any time prior to the date of this Agreement or who
becomes prior to the Effective Time, an Indemnitee, his or her heirs and his or her personal representatives,
(ii) shall be binding on Parent, the Surviving Corporation and their respective successors and assigns, (iii)
are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or contribution that any
such Person may have, whether pursuant to Law, Contract, any Company Plan, the Company Charter
Documents, the Subsidiary Documents, or otherwise and (iv) shall survive the consummation of the Merger
and shall not be terminated or modified in any manner so as to adversely affect any Indemnitee without the
consent of such Indemnitee.

(e) In the event that Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any of its respective successors or permitted
assigns (each, an “Indemnifying Party”) (i) consolidates with or merges into any other Person and shall not
be the continuing or surviving corporation or entity in such consolidation or merger, or (ii) transfers all or
substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in each such case, proper provision shall
be made so that the successors and assigns of such Indemnifying Party assume all the obligations of such
Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 4.8. In addition,

A-40

th



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 142/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

if upon or following any merger, consolidation or sale of assets any Indemnifying Party is or becomes a
direct or indirect Subsidiary of another Person, the ultimate parent entity of such Indemnifying Party shall
guaranty the obligations of such Indemnifying Party pursuant to this Section 4.8.

Section 4.9. Shareholder Litigation.   From and after the date hereof, the Company shall promptly advise
Parent orally and in writing of any Actions commenced or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in
writing to the Company against the Company and/or its directors or executive officers relating to this Agreement,
the Merger and/or the other Transactions contemplated hereby and shall keep Parent fully informed (to the extent
not inconsistent with the Company Board’s fiduciary duties under applicable Law) regarding any such Action.
Each of the Company and Parent shall consult and cooperate with the other in connection with the defense or
settlement of any such Action. The Company shall not agree to any settlement of any such Action (including
derivative claims) without Parent’s prior written consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld,
conditioned or delayed.

Section 4.10. Fees and Expenses.   Except as provided in Section 4.4 and Article VI, all fees and expenses
incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be paid by the party incurring such fees or
expenses, whether or not the Transactions are consummated.

Section 4.11. Rule 16b-3.   Prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall take such steps as may be
reasonably requested by any party hereto to cause dispositions of Company equity securities (including derivative
securities) pursuant to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is a director or
officer of the Company to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act in accordance with
that certain No-Action Letter dated January 12, 1999 issued by the SEC regarding such matters.

Section 4.12. NASDAQ Stock Market Delisting; Deregistration. Prior to the Effective Time, the Company
shall cooperate with Parent and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or
cause to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable Laws and rule
and policies of the NASDAQ Stock Market to enable the de-listing by the Surviving Corporation of the Company
Common Stock from the NASDAQ Stock Market and the deregistration of the Company Common Stock under
the Exchange Act promptly after the Effective Time.

Section 4.13. Benefits Matters.   Parent shall or shall cause the Company to provide, with respect to the
period beginning with the Effective Time and ending on July 31, 2019, to each Company Employee who was
employed by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries prior to the Effective Time and remains employed by the
Company, Parent or any of their respective Subsidiaries after the Effective Time (each an “Affected Employee”
and, collectively, the “Affected Employees”) (other than any Company Employees covered by a collective
bargaining agreement), (i) base salary or wages, annual cash bonus or cash incentive compensation opportunities
and employee benefits that are in the aggregate, no less favorable than the base salary or wages, annual cash
bonus or cash incentive compensation opportunities and employee benefits (excluding the 2017 Enterprise
Incentive Plan (but including the value of other equity compensation), deferred compensation and stock purchase
plans) provided to each such Affected Employee by the Company and its Subsidiaries immediately prior to the
Effective Time, and (ii) severance benefits that are no less favorable than benefits available in the programs listed
in Section 4.13(ii) of the Disclosure Schedule.

(a) Parent shall or shall cause the Company to provide that any employee benefit plans of the Parent or
any of its Affiliates in which Affected Employees are entitled to participate following the Effective Time
(“Parent Plans”) take into account for purposes of eligibility, vesting, accrual and level of benefits (but not
for benefit accruals under defined benefit pension plans and eligibility for retiree health and welfare plans
and eligibility for retirement treatment under long-term incentive plans), service by such Affected
Employees as if such service were with Parent, to the same extent such service was credited under a
comparable plan of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except to the extent it would result in a
duplication of benefits for the same period of service).

(b) With respect to Parent Plans, Parent shall (i) cause there to be waived for each Affected Employee
any eligibility requirements or pre-existing condition limitations or waiting period requirements to the extent
it would not then apply to an Affected Employee under the comparable plan of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries and (ii) in determining any deductible, co-insurance and

A-41



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 143/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

maximum out-of-pocket limitations, during the calendar year in which the Affected Employee commences
participation in a Parent Plan, give effect to amounts paid by such Affected Employees under similar plans
maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(c) With respect to Affected Employees, Parent shall, or shall cause the Company to honor, fulfill and
discharge the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ obligations under all Company Plans, and all employment,
change in control or severance agreements entered into prior to the date hereof; provided, that, except as
may be required to satisfy the obligation to provide severance benefits pursuant to Section 4.13(ii), the
foregoing shall not limit the ability of Parent, the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to amend, modify or
terminate any such agreements or Company Plans in accordance with their terms. For the avoidance of
doubt, for purposes of any Company Plan or any agreement between an Affected Employee and the
Company or any Subsidiary containing a definition of  “change in control” or “change of control”, the
Closing shall be deemed to constitute a “change in control” or “change of control.”

(d) Parent agrees that, with respect to the annual cash incentive plans set forth in Section 4.13(d) of the
Company Disclosure Schedule (the “Annual Incentive Plans”), it shall, or shall cause the Company, to pay
each participant in an Annual Incentive Plan (each an “Incentive Plan Participant”) who is employed by the
Company on the Closing Date, the prorated amount of each Incentive Plan Participant’s incentive
opportunity, at the target level of performance as of the Effective Time, with respect to the portion of the
performance period that occurs prior to the Closing Date, with such payment to be made no later than the
thirtieth day following the Closing Date.

(e) Each cash performance award (each a “Cash Performance Award”) granted pursuant to the
Company’s 2015, 2016 or 2017 Long-Term Performance Incentive Plan for Officers and Key Managers that
is outstanding as of the date hereof and which remains outstanding as of the Effective Time shall, as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time, vest (to the extent unvested) pro-rata based on the portion of the
performance period that occurs priors to the Closing Date and, all performance-based vesting conditions
shall be deemed to have been satisfied at the greater of target or actual level of performance as of
immediately prior to the Effective Time, and each Cash Performance Award granted under the Company’s
2017 Enterprise Incentive Plan that is outstanding as of the date hereof and which remains outstanding as of
the Effective Time shall, as of immediately prior to the Effective Time, vest and be payable based on the
actual level of performance for the quarter ending on or before the Effective Time, pro-rated based on the
proration schedule set forth in Section 2.3(a) of the Disclosure Schedule. In exchange for the cancellation of
each Cash Performance Award, each holder thereof as of the Effective Time shall be entitled to receive from
Parent and the Surviving Corporation, as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Effective Time, but no
later than thirty (30) days after the Effective Time, an amount in cash, without interest, equal to such vested
portion Cash Performance Award, less any Taxes required to be withheld in accordance with Section 2.6.

(f) Nothing contained in this Section 4.13 shall (i) be construed to establish, amend, or modify any
benefit or compensation plan, program, agreement, contract, policy or arrangement, (ii) except as may be
required to satisfy the obligation to provide severance benefits pursuant to Section 4.13(ii), limit the ability
of the Company or Parent or any of their Subsidiaries or affiliates to amend, modify or terminate any benefit
or compensation plan, program, agreement, contract, policy or arrangement at any time assumed,
established, sponsored or maintained by any of them, (iii) create any third-party beneficiary rights or
obligations in any person (including any Affected Employee or former employee) other than the parties to
this Agreement or any right to employment or continued employment or to a particular term or condition of
employment with the Company or Parent or any of their Subsidiaries, or any of their respective affiliates, or
(iv) limit the right of the Company or Parent (or any of their Subsidiaries) to terminate the employment or
service of any employee or other service provider following the Closing Date at any time and for any or no
reason.

Section 4.14. Title Insurance and Surveys.   The Company shall provide reasonable cooperation to Parent in
connection with Parent’s efforts to obtain for the benefit of Parent surveys of and title policies for the Company
Owned Properties and any Material Leased Properties as Parent may elect (provided that any cost or expense
associated with such surveys and/or title insurance policies shall be borne by Parent).

A-42



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 144/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.15. Transfer Taxes.   Parent shall assume liability for and shall pay when due all transfer,
documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other such similar Taxes and fees (including penalties and
interest) incurred in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 4.16. Confidentiality.   The Buyer Parties acknowledge that all non-public or other confidential
information provided or made available to the Buyer Parties, their Affiliates and their respective Representatives
in connection with this Agreement and the other agreements contemplated hereby and the Merger, including
without limitation pursuant to Section 4.6, is subject to the Confidentiality Agreement, the terms of which are
incorporated herein by reference.

Section 4.17. Takeover Statutes.   If any antitakeover Law is or may become applicable to the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, each of Parent, the Company and Merger Sub and their
respective boards of directors shall grant such approvals and take all such actions as are reasonably necessary
under such antitakeover Law so that such transactions may be consummated as promptly as practicable on the
terms contemplated by this Agreement and otherwise act to eliminate or minimize the effects of such antitakeover
Law on such transactions.

Section 4.18. Further Assurances.   At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or
Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of
the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the
Merger.

Section 4.19. Financing.   (a) Parent shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, use reasonable best efforts to take,
or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to
consummate the Financing (or any part thereof) or the consummation of any other debt, equity or equity-linked
securities issuance in replacement of all or a portion of the Financing (the “Permanent Financing”) no later than
the Closing Date, including using reasonable best efforts to (i) (A) maintain in effect the Debt Letters and in all
material respects comply with all of their respective obligations thereunder and (B) negotiate, enter into and
deliver definitive agreements with respect to the Financing reflecting the terms contained in the Debt Letters
(including any “flex” provisions in the Redacted Fee Letter) (or with other terms agreed by Parent and the Debt
Financing Sources, subject to the restrictions on amendments of the Debt Letters set forth below), so that such
agreements are in effect no later than the Closing, and (ii) satisfy on a timely basis all the conditions to the
Financing and the definitive agreements related thereto that are in Parent’s control. In the event that all conditions
set forth in Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 have been satisfied or waived or, upon funding of the Financing shall be
satisfied or waived, Parent and its Affiliates shall use their reasonable best efforts to cause the Debt Financing
Sources to fund on the Closing Date the Financing, to the extent the proceeds thereof are required to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated hereby. Parent shall, promptly after it comes to the
Knowledge of Parent, give the Company written notice of any (A) material breach or default by a Debt Financing
Source or any party to any definitive document related to the Financing of the Debt Letters or any definitive
document related to the Financing, (B) actual or threatened withdrawal, repudiation or termination in writing of
the Debt Letters or the Financing by the Debt Financing Sources or (C) material dispute or disagreement between
or among any parties to the Debt Letters or any definitive document related to the Financing with respect to the
obligations to fund the Financing or the amount of the Financing to be funded at Closing; provided, that neither
Parent nor any of its Affiliates shall be under any obligation to disclose any information that is subject to attorney
client or similar privilege to the extent such privilege is asserted in good faith or otherwise would violate or
contravene any Law or any obligation of confidentiality. Parent shall not take any action, or fail to take any
action, that would result in, or that would reasonably be expected to result in, a breach or default in, or a failure to
satisfy, any Funds Certain Provisions (as defined in the Debt Letters) under the Debt Letters. Parent may amend,
modify, replace, terminate, assign or agree to any waiver under the Debt Letters without the prior written
approval of the Company, provided, that Parent shall not, without the Company’s prior written consent, permit
any such amendment, replacement, modification, assignment, termination or waiver to be made to, or consent to
any waiver of, any provision of or remedy under the Debt Letters which would (A) reduce the aggregate amount

A-43



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 145/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of the Financing (including by increasing the amount of fees to be paid or original issue discount) such that the
aggregate funds that would be available to Parent on the Closing Date, together with the other financial resources
of Parent, would not be sufficient to provide the funds required to be funded on the Closing Date to consummate
the Merger and to pay all fees and expenses reasonably expected to be incurred in connection therewith and
payable on the Closing Date, or (B) impose new or additional conditions to the Financing or otherwise amend,
modify or expand any of the conditions to the Financing or otherwise expand, amend, modify or waive any
provision of the Debt Letters in a manner that in any such case would reasonably be expected to (1) materially
delay or make materially less likely the funding of the Financing (or satisfaction of the conditions to the
Financing) on the Closing Date, (2) materially adversely impact the ability of Parent to enforce its rights against
the Debt Financing Sources or any other parties to the Debt Letters or the definitive agreements with respect
thereto or (3) materially adversely affect the ability of Parent to timely consummate the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated hereby; provided, that notwithstanding the foregoing, Parent may modify, supplement
or amend the Debt Letters to add lenders, lead arrangers, bookrunners, syndication agents or similar entities that
have not executed the Debt Letters as of the date of this Agreement to the extent that the aggregate commitments
of the Debt Financing Sources to provide the Financing are not reduced as a result of any such modification,
supplement or amendment (it being understood and agreed that the aggregate amount of the commitments will be
reduced from time to time in accordance with the provision of the Debt Letters). In the event that new
commitment letters and/or fee letters are entered into in accordance with any amendment, replacement,
supplement or other modification of the Debt Letters permitted pursuant to this Section 4.19(a), such new
commitment letters and/or fee letters shall be deemed to be the “Debt Letters” for all purposes of this Agreement
and references to “Financing” herein shall include and mean the financing contemplated by the Debt Letters as so
amended, replaced, supplemented or otherwise modified, as applicable. To the extent that after giving effect to
any reduction in the Financing permitted by this Section 4.19, no commitments remain outstanding under the
Debt Letters, Parent may terminate the Debt Letters. Parent shall promptly deliver to the Company copies of any
amendment, modification, waiver or replacement of the Debt Letters. If funds in the amounts set forth in the Debt
Letters, or any portion thereof, become unavailable, Parent shall, and shall cause its Affiliates, as promptly as
practicable following the occurrence of such event to (x) notify the Company in writing thereof, (y) use
reasonable best efforts to obtain Permanent Financing (on terms and conditions that are not materially less
favorable to Parent, taken as a whole, than the terms and conditions as set forth in the Debt Letters, taking into
account any “market flex” provisions thereof) sufficient to enable Parent to consummate the Merger and (z) use
reasonable best efforts to obtain a new financing commitment letter that provides for such Permanent Financing
and, promptly after execution thereof, deliver to the Company true, complete and correct copies of the new
commitment letter and the related fee letters (in redacted form reasonably satisfactory to the Persons providing
such Permanent Financing removing the fee amounts, pricing caps, the rates and amounts included in the “market
flex” and other economic terms that could not adversely affect the conditionality, enforceability or termination of
the Financing) and related definitive financing documents with respect to such Permanent Financing. Upon
obtaining any commitment for any such Permanent Financing, such financing shall be deemed to be a part of the
“Financing” and any commitment letter for such Permanent Financing shall be deemed the “Debt Letters” for all
purposes of this Agreement. Parent shall pay, or cause to be paid, as the same shall become due and payable, all
fees and other amounts that become due and payable under the Debt Letters.

(b) Prior to the Closing, the Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, and the Company
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, and shall use commercially
reasonable efforts to cause its and their Representatives to use commercially reasonable efforts to, cooperate
with Parent as necessary, to the extent reasonably requested in writing by Parent, and customary in
connection with the arrangement or syndication of the Financing or the consummation of any Permanent
Financing, including using commercially reasonable efforts to:

(i) facilitate the execution and delivery of customary definitive financing documents effective
following the Effective Time on the terms and conditions contemplated by the Debt Letters;

(ii) deliver to Parent financial and other pertinent information regarding the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries as may be reasonably requested by Parent and that is customarily required for
financings of the type contemplated by the Financing or any Permanent Financing (collectively, the
“Required Information”), including (A) U.S. GAAP audited consolidated balance

A-44



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 146/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

sheets and related statements of income, stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its
Subsidiaries for the three most recent fiscal years ended at least sixty (60) days prior to the Closing
Date, (B) U.S. GAAP unaudited consolidated balance sheets and related statements of income,
stockholders’ equity and cash flows of the Company and its Subsidiaries for each subsequent fiscal
quarter ended at least forty (40) days before the Closing Date (other than any fourth fiscal quarter), and
the corresponding period in the prior year; provided, that the financial statements required to be
delivered pursuant to the foregoing (ii)(A) and (ii)(B) shall meet the requirements of Regulation S-X
under the Securities Act, and all other accounting rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated
thereunder applicable to a registration statement under such Act on Form S-3 and (C) to the extent
requested in writing by Parent, provide to Parent reasonably available information for Parent to prepare
customary pro forma financial information meeting the requirements of Regulation S-X under the
Securities Act, and all other accounting rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder
applicable to a registration statement under such Act on Form S-3, for inclusion in any document
required by the Commitment Parties in order to obtain the Financing or any Permanent Financing;

(iii) requesting that its independent accountants provide, and using commercially reasonable
efforts to cause them to provide, customary comfort letters (including “negative assurance” comfort),
agreed procedures letters and consents for use of their reports, on customary terms and consistent with
their customary practice in connection with the Financing or any Permanent Financing;

(iv) make appropriate officers available to participate in a reasonable number of sessions with
rating agencies (to the extent necessary), information meetings and road shows, in each case, to the
extent customarily required for financings of the type contemplated by the Commitment Letter and
upon reasonable advance notice and at mutually agreeable times;

(v) reasonably assist Parent and the Commitment Parties with the preparation of customary
materials for a bank information memorandum, prospectus, offering memorandum, or similar offering
documents and customary rating agency presentations for the Financing or any Permanent Financing;

(vi) furnish at least four (4) Business Days prior to the Closing Date all customary information
regarding the Company and each of its Subsidiaries that is requested in writing and required in
connection with the Financing or any Permanent Financing by U.S. regulatory authorities under
applicable “know your customer” and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the
Patriot Act;

(vii) cooperate reasonably with any customary due diligence investigation of the Company and its
Subsidiaries in connection with the Financing or any Permanent Financing; and

(viii) take all customary corporate actions, subject to the occurrence of the Effective Time,
reasonably requested by Parent and necessary to permit the consummation of the Financing or any
Permanent Financing.

(c) The Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to, and the Company shall cause each of its
subsidiaries to use commercially reasonable efforts to, take any actions reasonably requested by Parent that
are necessary to facilitate the payoff, satisfaction, discharge and/or defeasance by Parent of all outstanding
Indebtedness pursuant to the Company’s Existing Credit Agreements on the Closing Date (the “Debt
Payoff”), including sending one or more notices of payment required by the terms of such indebtedness and
obtaining a customary payoff letter in connection therewith; it being understood that at Closing, Parent shall
provide all funds required to actually effect the Debt Payoff.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 4.19, neither the Company nor
any of its Subsidiaries shall be required to take or permit the taking of any action that would
(i) unreasonably interfere with the ongoing operations of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (ii) cause any
representation or warranty in this Agreement to be breached by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (iii)
require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to pay any commitment or other similar fee or incur any
other expense, liability or obligation in connection with the Financing, or

A-45



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 147/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

consummation of an offering of debt, equity or equity-linked securities in replacement of all or any portion
of the Financing, or the cooperation of the Company and its Subsidiaries contemplated by this Section 4.19
prior to the Closing, (iv) cause any director, officer or employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to
incur any personal liability, (v) conflict with the organizational documents of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any Laws, (vi) result in the contravention of, or that could result in a violation or breach of,
or a default (with or without notice, lapse of time, or both) under, any Contract, (vii) provide access to or
disclose information that the Company or any of its Subsidiaries determines would jeopardize any attorney-
client privilege of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, (viii) authorize any corporate action of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries that would become effective and operative prior to the Closing, (ix)
require the Company, its Subsidiaries or any Persons who are directors of the Company or its Subsidiaries to
pass resolutions or consents to approve or authorize the execution of the Financing, (x) prepare any financial
statements or information that are not available to it and prepared in the ordinary course of its reporting
practice, (xi) require the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to enter into any instrument or agreement with
respect to the Financing that is effective prior to the occurrence of the Closing or that would be effective if
the Closing does not occur, (xii) prepare any projections or pro forma financial statements, or (xiii) deliver
or cause to be delivered any opinion of counsel in connection with the Financing.

(e) Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company and each of its Subsidiaries and their
respective Representatives from and against any and all liabilities, losses, damages, claims, costs, expenses
(including reasonable attorney’s fees) interest, awards, judgments and penalties of any kind (collectively,
“Losses”) imposed on, sustained, incurred or suffered by, or asserted against, any of them, directly or
indirectly, relating to, arising out of or resulting from the arrangement of the Financing, any cooperation
pursuant to this Section 4.19 and/or the provision of information utilized in connection therewith, except to
the extent such Losses arise out of the willful misconduct or intentional fraud of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, whether or not the Merger is consummated or this Agreement is terminated. Parent shall,
promptly upon request by the Company, reimburse the Company for all reasonable out-of-pocket costs and
expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) incurred by the Company or its Subsidiaries in
connection with this Section 4.19, whether or not the Merger is consummated or this Agreement is
terminated.

(f) The Company hereby consents to the reasonable use of its and its Subsidiaries’ trademarks, service
marks and logos in connection with syndication and underwriting of the Financing or consummation of an
offering of debt, equity or equity-linked securities in replacement of all or any portion of the Financing;
provided, that such trademarks, service marks and logos are used solely in a manner that is not intended to
or reasonably likely to harm or disparage the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or the reputation or
goodwill of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(g) Parent and Merger Sub expressly acknowledge and agree that (i) obtaining the Financing is not a
condition to the Closing, (ii) the provisions of this Section 4.19 shall not create any independent conditions
to Closing and (iii) notwithstanding anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary, neither Parent’s
nor Merger Sub’s obligations hereunder are conditioned in any manner upon Parent or Merger Sub obtaining
the Financing, or any other financing whatsoever. In the event the Financing has not been obtained, Parent
and Merger Sub will continue to be obligated, subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth
in Article V, to consummate the Merger.

ARTICLE V
  

CONDITIONS TO THE MERGER

Section 5.1. Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger.   The obligations of each of the
parties to consummate the Merger shall be subject to the satisfaction (or waiver by the Company and Parent, to
the extent permissible under applicable Law) at or prior to the Effective Time of the following conditions:

(a) Company Shareholder Approval.   The Company Shareholder Approval shall have been obtained in
accordance with the Company Charter Documents and applicable Law.

A-46



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 148/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b) Regulatory Consents.   Any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the
Transactions shall have been terminated or shall have expired, and any approvals, consents or clearances
required in connection with the Transactions shall have been obtained, in each case, under or in relation to
the HSR Act.

(c) No Injunctions or Restraints; Illegality.   No outstanding judgment, injunction, order or decree of a
competent Governmental Authority or other legal restraint or prohibition (an “Injunction”) shall have been
entered and shall continue to be in effect, and no Law shall have been adopted or be effective, in each case
that prohibits, enjoins or makes illegal the consummation of the Merger or the Transactions.

Section 5.2. Conditions to Parent and Merger Sub’s Obligation to Effect the Merger.   The obligations of the
Buyer Parties to effect the Merger are also subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted by applicable Law
and in writing, by Parent of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accuracy of the Representations and Warranties of the Company.   The representations and
warranties of the Company (i) set forth in the first and second sentences of Section 3.1(b)(i) (Capitalization)
shall be true and correct (except for de minimis inaccuracies) as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date, as though made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation and
warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true
and correct (except for de minimis inaccuracies) as of such earlier date only), (ii) set forth in the third
sentence of Section 3.1(b)(i) (Capitalization), set forth in the first sentence of Section 3.1(f) (Absence of
Certain Changes or Events) shall be true and correct in all respects as of the date of this Agreement and as of
the Closing Date, (iii) set forth in Section 3.1(c)(i) and Section 3.1(c)(ii) (Authority), Section 3.1(s) (Broker
and Other Advisers) and Section 3.1(v) (Takeover Statutes; No Rights Plan) shall be true and correct in all
material respects, in each case, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date, as though made
on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of
an earlier date, in which case such representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier
date only), and (iv) set forth in Article III of this Agreement (other than those representations and warranties
referenced in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of this Section 5.2(a)) shall be true and correct (without giving effect to
any “materiality”, “Company Material Adverse Effect” or any correlative qualifiers contained therein) as of
the date of this Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date (except to the
extent that any such representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such
representation and warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date only), except in the case of this
clause (iv) where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct would not
reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b) Performance of Obligations of the Company.   The Company shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c) Officer’s Certificate.   Parent shall have received a certificate from the Company, dated as of the
Closing Date and signed on behalf of the Company by an authorized officer of the Company, stating that the
conditions specified in Section 5.2(a) and Section 5.2(b) have been satisfied.

Section 5.3. Conditions to the Company’s Obligation to Effect the Merger.   The obligation of the Company
to effect the Merger is also subject to the satisfaction or waiver, if permitted by applicable Law and in writing, by
the Company of the following additional conditions:

(a) Accuracy of the Representations and Warranties of Parent and Merger Sub.   Each of the
representations and warranties of the Buyer Parties set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement (without
giving effect to any “materiality”, “material adverse effect” or any correlative qualifiers contained therein)
shall be true and correct, except where the failure of any such representation and warranty to be so true and
correct would not prevent, materially delay or materially impede the ability of the Buyer Parties to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, as of the date of this Agreement and as of the
Closing Date as though made on and as of such date and time (except to the extent that any such
representation and warranty expressly speaks as of an earlier date, in which case such representation and
warranty shall be true and correct as of such earlier date).

A-47



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 149/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b) Performance of Obligations of the Buyer Parties.   Each of the Buyer Parties shall have performed
in all material respects the obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to
the Closing Date.

(c) Officer’s Certificate.   The Company shall have received a certificate from the Buyer Parties, dated
as of the Closing Date and signed on behalf of the Buyer Parties by an authorized officer of Parent or
Merger Sub, as applicable, stating that the conditions specified in Section 5.3(a) and Section 5.3(b) have
been satisfied.

Section 5.4. Frustration of Closing Conditions.   No party may rely on the failure of any condition set forth
in Section 5.1, Section 5.2 or Section 5.3, as the case may be, to be satisfied to excuse such party’s obligation to
effect the Merger if such failure was caused, in whole or in part, by such party’s breach or frustration of any
provision of this Agreement.

ARTICLE VI
  

TERMINATION

Section 6.1. Termination by Mutual Consent.   This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be
abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time, whether before or after the Company Shareholder Approval is
obtained, by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent (on behalf of the Buyer Parties).

Section 6.2. Termination by Either Parent or the Company.   This Agreement may be terminated and the
Merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the Effective Time by written notice of either Parent (on behalf of
the Buyer Parties) or the Company, if:

(a) the Merger shall not have been consummated by 11:59 p.m. (Eastern time) on September 18, 2018,
whether such date is before or after the date the Company Shareholder Approval is obtained (such date, the
“Termination Date”);

(b) the Company Shareholders’ Meeting shall have been held and completed and the Company
Shareholder Approval shall not have been obtained at such Company Shareholders’ Meeting or at any
adjournment or postponement thereof; or

(c) any Injunction issued by a court of competent jurisdiction permanently restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting consummation of the Merger shall become final and non-appealable (whether before
or after the Company Shareholder Approval has been obtained);

provided, that the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.2 shall not be available to any party
whose breach or failure to fulfill any obligation under this Agreement has been the primary cause of, or the
primary factor that resulted in, the circumstance enabling termination pursuant to this Section 6.2 on or before the
Termination Date.

Section 6.3. Termination by the Company.   This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be
abandoned by written notice of the Company:

(a) at any time prior to the receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval if  (i) the Company Board, or
a committee thereof, authorizes the Company, subject to complying with the terms of this Agreement
(including Section 4.3(d)), to enter into definitive transaction documentation providing for a Superior
Proposal, (ii) immediately prior to or promptly after the termination of this Agreement, the Company enters
into definitive transaction documentation with respect to a Superior Proposal and (iii) the Company
immediately prior to such termination pays to Parent in immediately available funds any fees required to be
paid pursuant to Section 6.5;

(b) at any time prior to the Effective Time if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Buyer Parties in this Agreement, or any such representation and
warranty shall have become untrue after the date of this Agreement, such that the conditions set forth in
Section 5.3(a) or Section 5.3(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or failure to be true is not curable or,
if curable, is not cured prior to the earlier of  (i) thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given by the
Company to Parent and (ii) the date that is three (3) Business

A-48



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 150/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Days prior to the Termination Date; provided, however, that the Company shall not have the right to
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.3(b) at any time when it is in breach of this Agreement
and such breach would cause, or result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a) or
Section 5.2(b) to be satisfied; or

(c) if  (i) all of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1 and Section 5.2 have been and continue to be
satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature cannot be satisfied other than at
Closing), (ii) the Company has confirmed by written notice to Parent that it intends to terminate this
Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.3(c) if the Buyer Parties fail to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement when required pursuant to Section 1.2 and (iii) the Buyer Parties fail to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement within two (2) Business Days of the date the
Closing should have occurred pursuant to Section 1.2 (it being understood that during such two (2) Business
Day period, Parent shall not be entitled to terminate this Agreement);

Section 6.4. Termination by Parent.   This Agreement may be terminated and the Merger may be abandoned
by written notice of Parent (on behalf of the Buyer Parties):

(a) at any time prior to the Effective Time, if  (i) the Company Board shall have effectuated a Change of
Recommendation, (ii) the Company Board or any committee thereof  (A) shall not have rejected any
Acquisition Proposal within two (2) Business Days of the making thereof  (including, for these purposes, by
taking no position with respect to the acceptance by the Company’s shareholders of a tender offer or
exchange offer, which shall constitute a failure to reject such Acquisition Proposal) or (B) shall have failed
to publicly reconfirm the Merger Recommendation within three (3) Business Days after receipt of a written
request from Parent that it do so if such request is made following the making by any Person of an
Acquisition Proposal (provided that the Company shall not be required to reconfirm the Merger
Recommendation more than once) or (iii) the Company shall have failed to comply in all material respects
with its obligations under Section 4.1 or Section 4.3; provided, however, that Parent may only exercise this
termination right prior to receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval; or

(b) at any time prior to the Effective Time if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty,
covenant or agreement made by the Company in this Agreement, or any such representation and warranty
shall have become untrue after the date of this Agreement, such that the conditions set forth in Section 5.2(a)
or Section 5.2(b) would not be satisfied and such breach or failure to be true is not curable or, if curable, is
not cured prior to the earlier of  (i) thirty (30) days after written notice thereof is given by Parent to the
Company and (ii) the date that is three (3) Business Days prior to the Termination Date; provided, however,
that Parent shall not have the right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 6.4(b) at any time
when any Buyer Party is in breach of this Agreement and such breach would cause, or result in, the failure
of any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.3(a) or Section 5.3(b) to be satisfied.

Section 6.5. Effect of Termination and Abandonment.

(a) In the event of termination of this Agreement and the abandonment of the Merger pursuant to this
Article VI, this Agreement shall become void and of no effect with no liability to any Person on the part of
any party hereto (or of any of its Representatives or Affiliates); provided, however, and notwithstanding
anything in the foregoing to the contrary, that (i) no such termination shall relieve any party hereto of any
liability to pay the Termination Fee, Parent Fee, or Regulatory Termination Fee pursuant to this Section 6.5,
(ii) subject to the limitations set forth in Section 6.5(f) and Section 6.5(g), no such termination shall relieve
any of the parties of liability for damages (which the parties acknowledge and agree shall not be limited to
reimbursement of costs or expenses, and may include the benefit of the bargain and/or premium lost by a
company’s shareholders or equity holders, as applicable (taking into consideration all relevant matters,
including other combination opportunities and the time value of money), which shall be deemed in such
event to be damages of such party) for fraud or any Willful Breach of this Agreement; and (iii) the
agreements of the parties contained in Section 4.10 (Fees and Expenses), Section 4.16 (Confidentiality), this
Section 6.5, and Article VII, and the Confidentiality Agreement shall survive the termination of this
Agreement (in the case of the Confidentiality Agreement, subject to the terms thereof). For purposes of this
Agreement, the term

A-49



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 151/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Willful Breach” means a material breach of this Agreement that is a consequence of an act undertaken or a
failure to take an act by the breaching party with the knowledge that the taking of such act or the failure to
take such act would cause a breach of this Agreement.

(b) In the event that:

(i) (A) this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to either Section 6.2(a)
(Termination Date) or Section 6.2(b) (Company Shareholder Approval), or by Parent pursuant to
Section 6.4(b) (Breach of Representation) as a result of a breach by the Company, (B) any Person shall
have publicly disclosed a bona fide Acquisition Proposal after the date hereof and prior to such
termination, which Acquisition Proposal had not been publicly withdrawn (in the case of a termination
pursuant to Section 6.2(b), which Acquisition Proposal had not been withdrawn prior to the Company
Shareholders’ Meeting), and (C) within twelve (12) months after such termination the Company shall
have entered into a definitive agreement with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, which Acquisition
Proposal is subsequently consummated (provided, that for purposes of this clause (C) the references to
“20%” in the definition of  “Acquisition Proposal” shall be deemed to be references to “50%”); or

(ii) this Agreement is terminated by Parent pursuant to Section 6.4(a); or

(iii) this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.3(a);

then the Company shall:

(A) in the case of clause (i) above, on the date on which the Company consummates the
Acquisition Proposal referred to in subclause (i)(C) above, pay Parent the Termination Fee by wire
transfer of immediately available funds;

(B) in the case of clause (ii) above, promptly but in no event later than three (3) Business
Days after the date of such termination, pay Parent the Termination Fee by wire transfer of
immediately available funds; or

(C) in the case of clause (iii) above, immediately prior to or concurrently with such
termination, pay Parent the Termination Fee by wire transfer of immediately available funds;

(it being understood that in no event shall the Company be required to pay the Termination Fee on more than one
occasion).

“Termination Fee” shall mean an amount equal to $149,000,000.

(c) In the event that this Agreement is terminated by the Company pursuant to Section 6.3(b) or
Section 6.3(c) then Parent shall promptly, but in no event later than three (3) Business Days after the date of
such termination, pay or cause to be paid to the Company, in each case, an amount equal to $198,600,000
(the “Parent Fee”), by wire transfer of immediately available funds (it being understood that in no event
shall Parent be required to pay Parent Fee on more than one occasion).

(d) In the event that this Agreement is terminated by Parent or the Company pursuant to
(i) Section 6.2(a) and, at the time of such termination, any of the conditions set forth in Section 5.1(b) or
Section 5.1(c) (if and only if the applicable event giving rise to the failure of such condition under
Section 5.1(c) to be satisfied arises in connection with the failure of any waiting period (or any extension
thereof) applicable to the Transactions to expire or be terminated or any approvals, consents or clearances be
obtained, in each case, under or in relation to the HSR Act) shall not have been satisfied due to the refusal
by Parent to divest, license, hold separate, sell or otherwise dispose of any of the assets, businesses or
product lines of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or (ii) Section 6.2(c) (if, and only if, the applicable
Injunction arises in connection with the failure of any waiting period (or any extension thereof) applicable to
the Transactions to expire or be terminated or any approvals, consents or clearances be obtained, in each
case, under or in relation to the HSR Act due to the refusal by Parent to divest, license, hold separate, sell or
otherwise dispose of any of the assets, businesses or product lines of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries), and
at the time of such termination referred to in clause (i) or (ii) above, the conditions to Closing set forth in
Section 5.2(a) and Section 5.2(b) (other than those conditions that by their nature cannot be satisfied other
than at Closing) shall have been

A-50



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 152/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

satisfied or waived in accordance with this Agreement, then Parent shall promptly, but in no event later than
three (3) Business Days after the date of such termination, pay or cause to be paid to the Company, in each
case, an amount equal to $50,000,000.00 (the “Regulatory Termination Fee”), by wire transfer of
immediately available funds (it being understood that in no event shall Parent be required to pay the
Regulatory Termination Fee on more than one occasion).

(e) The Buyer Parties and the Company acknowledge that the agreements contained in this Section 6.5
are an integral part of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these agreements,
the parties would not enter into this Agreement.

(f) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except for (i) an order of specific
performance as and only to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7.8, (ii) any fraud or Willful Breach by
the Buyer Parties of this Agreement and (iii) the remedies available under the Confidentiality Agreement,
the parties hereto expressly acknowledge and agree that:

(i) The Company’s receipt of Parent Fee pursuant to Section 6.5(c) or Regulatory Termination Fee
pursuant to Section 6.5(d), as the case may be, together with the rights and remedies available to the
Company in the indemnification and reimbursement provisions of Section 4.8 (but subject in all cases
to the limitations set forth in this Agreement), shall be the sole and exclusive remedies of the Company
and its Subsidiaries against the Buyer Parties and any of their respective former, current, or future
general or limited partners, shareholders, managers, members, directors, officers, employees, Affiliates
or agents (the “Buyer Party Obligors”) and the Debt Financing Sources for any loss suffered with
respect to this Agreement, the Transactions, the termination of this Agreement, the failure of the
Merger to be consummated or any breach of this Agreement by the Buyer Parties.

(ii) In light of the difficulty of accurately determining actual damages with respect to the
foregoing, upon any such termination of this Agreement (A) the payment of the Parent Fee pursuant to
Section 6.5(c) or Regulatory Termination Fee pursuant to Section 6.5(d), as the case may be, which
constitutes a reasonable estimate of the monetary damages that will be suffered by the Company and its
Subsidiaries by reason of breach or termination of this Agreement, shall be in full and complete
satisfaction of any and all monetary damages of the Company and its Subsidiaries arising out of or
related to this Agreement, the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby (including, any breach by
the Buyer Parties), the termination of this Agreement, the failure to consummate the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, and any claims or actions under applicable Law arising out of any
such breach, termination or failure against the Buyer Party Obligors or the Debt Financing Sources; and
(B) after being paid such amounts in accordance with the terms of this Agreement (x) none of the
Buyer Party Obligors or the Debt Financing Sources shall have any further liability or obligation to the
Company or its Subsidiaries relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement or any claims or actions under applicable Law arising out of any such
breach, termination or failure and (y) in no event will the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, be
entitled to seek to recover or obtain against any of the Buyer Party Obligors or the Debt Financing
Sources any other monetary damages, any recovery or judgment in excess of Parent Fee or the
Regulatory Termination Fee, as applicable, or any other remedy based on a claim in Law or in equity
with respect thereto, including consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages for, or with respect
to, this Agreement or the Transactions (including, any breach by the Buyer Parties), the termination of
this Agreement, the failure to consummate the Transactions or any claims or actions under applicable
Law arising out of any such breach, termination or failure.

(g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except for (i) an order of specific
performance as and only to the extent expressly permitted by Section 7.8 and (ii) any fraud or Willful
Breach by the Company of this Agreement, the parties hereto expressly acknowledge and agree that:

(i) Parent’s receipt of the Termination Fee from the Company pursuant to Section 6.5(b), shall be
the sole and exclusive remedy of the Buyer Parties and their respective Affiliates against the Company,
its Subsidiaries and any of their respective former, current, or future general or limited partners,
shareholders, directors, officers, employees, managers, members, Affiliates or

A-51



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 153/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agents (the “Company Obligors”) for any loss suffered with respect to this Agreement, the Transactions
(including any breach by the Company), the termination of this Agreement, the failure of the Merger to
be consummated or any breach of this Agreement by the Company.

(ii) In light of the difficulty of accurately determining actual damages with respect to the
foregoing, upon any termination of this Agreement, (A) the payment of the Termination Fee pursuant to
Section 6.5(b), which constitutes a reasonable estimate of the monetary damages that will be suffered
by the Buyer Parties by reason of breach or termination of this Agreement shall be in full and complete
satisfaction of any and all monetary damages of the Buyer Parties arising out of or related to this
Agreement, the Transactions (including, any breach by the Company that is not a Willful Breach), the
termination of this Agreement, the failure to consummate the Transactions, and any claims or actions
under applicable Law arising out of any such breach, termination or failure against the Company
Obligors and (B) after being paid such amounts in accordance with the terms of this Agreement
(x) none of the Company Obligors shall have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out
of this Agreement or the Transactions or any claims or actions under applicable Law arising out of any
such breach, termination or failure and (y) in no event will the Buyer Parties, be entitled to seek to
recover or obtain against any of the Company Obligors any other damages, any recovery or judgment
in excess of the Termination Fee, or any other remedy based on a claim in Law or in equity with respect
thereto, including consequential, special, indirect or punitive damages for, or with respect to, this
Agreement or the Transactions (including, any breach by the Company), the termination of this
Agreement, the failure to consummate the Transactions or any claims or actions under applicable Law
arising out of any such breach, termination or failure.

ARTICLE VII
  

MISCELLANEOUS

Section 7.1. Non-survival of Representations and Warranties, Covenants and Agreements.   Except as
otherwise provided in this Agreement, the representations, warranties and agreements of each party hereto shall
remain operative and in full force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or on behalf of any other
party hereto, any Person controlling any such party or any of their officers, directors or representatives, whether
prior to or after the execution of this Agreement, and no information provided or made available shall be deemed
to be disclosed in this Agreement or in the Company Disclosure Schedule, except to the extent actually set forth
herein or therein. The representations, warranties and agreements in this Agreement shall terminate at the
Effective Time, or upon the termination of this Agreement, as the case may be, except that this Section 7.1 shall
not limit any other agreement or covenant in this Agreement which by its terms contemplates performance after
the Effective Time. The Confidentiality Agreement shall survive termination of this Agreement in accordance
with its terms.

Section 7.2. Amendment or Supplement.   Subject to applicable Law, at any time prior to the Effective Time,
this Agreement may be amended or supplemented in any and all respects, whether before or after receipt of the
Company Shareholder Approval, if, and only if, such amendment or supplement is in writing and signed, in the
case of an amendment, by the Company and the Buyer Parties; provided, however, that following receipt of the
Company Shareholder Approval, no amendment, modification or supplement of this Agreement shall be made
unless, to the extent required by applicable Law, approved by the shareholders of the Company. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no amendments or supplements to the provisions which the Debt Financing Sources are expressly
made third-party beneficiaries pursuant to Section 7.6 shall be permitted in a manner adverse to the interests of
the Debt Financing Sources without the prior written consent of such Debt Financing Sources.

Section 7.3. Extension of Time, Waiver, Etc.   At any time prior to the Effective Time, any party may,
subject to applicable Law, (a) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of any other party
hereto, (b) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or acts of any other party hereto or
(c) unless prohibited by applicable Law, waive compliance by any other party with any of the agreements
contained herein or, except as otherwise provided herein, waive any of such party’s conditions. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, no failure or delay by the Company, Parent or Merger Sub in exercising any

A-52



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 154/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other
or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right hereunder. Any agreement on the part of a party
hereto to any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf
of such party.

Section 7.4. Assignment.   Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder
shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise, by any of the parties without the prior
written consent of the other parties, except that each of Parent and Merger Sub may assign, in their sole discretion
and without the prior written consent of the Company, any of or all of their rights, interests and obligations under
this Agreement to any wholly owned direct or indirect Subsidiary of Parent, but no such assignment shall relieve
Parent or Merger Sub of any of its obligations hereunder. Subject to the preceding sentence, this Agreement shall
be binding upon, inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, the parties hereto and their respective successors
and permitted assigns. Any purported assignment not permitted under this Section 7.4 shall be null and void.

Section 7.5. Counterparts.   This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts (each of which
shall be deemed to be an original with the same effect as if the signatures thereto and hereto were upon the same
instrument) and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties
and delivered (by electronic delivery or otherwise) to the other parties. Signatures to this Agreement transmitted
by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in “portable document format” (“.PDF”) form, or by any other
electronic means, will have the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing the original
signature.

Section 7.6. Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries.

(a) This Agreement, together with any exhibits, schedules and annexes hereto, the Company Disclosure
Schedule, the Voting Agreement and the Confidentiality Agreement constitute the entire agreement, and
supersede all other prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, among the parties, or any of
them, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereof.

(b) Except for (i) the Indemnitees pursuant to Section 4.8, (ii) if the Effective Time occurs, the Persons
benefiting from Article II pursuant thereto, (iii) the Persons described in Section 6.5(f), who shall be in each
case express third party beneficiaries of, and shall be entitled to rely on and enforce, Section 4.8,
Section 6.5(c), Section 7.1, this Section 7.6, Section 7.7(a), Section 7.7(b) and Section 7.8, as applicable,
and (iv) Section 6.5(f), Section 7.2, this Section 7.6, Section 7.7 and Section 7.12 which, to the extent
applicable to the Debt Financing Sources, are intended to benefit, and be enforceable by, the Debt Financing
Sources, this Agreement is not intended to, and does not, confer upon any other Person any rights or
remedies hereunder, including the right to rely upon the representations and warranties set forth herein. The
parties hereto further agree that the rights of third party beneficiaries under Section 4.8 shall not arise unless
and until the Effective Time occurs. The representations and warranties in this Agreement are the product of
negotiations among the parties hereto and are for the sole benefit of the parties hereto. Any inaccuracies in
such representations and warranties are subject to waiver by the parties hereto in accordance with
Section 7.3 without notice or liability to any other Person. In some instances, the representations and
warranties in this Agreement may represent an allocation among the parties hereto of risks associated with
particular matters regardless of the knowledge of any of the parties hereto. Consequently, Persons other than
the parties hereto may not rely upon the representations and warranties in this Agreement as
characterizations of actual facts or circumstances as of the date of this Agreement or as of any other date.

Section 7.7. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) This Agreement shall be deemed to be made in the State of Delaware, and together with all claims
or causes of action (whether at Law, in contract or in tort or otherwise) that may be based upon, arise out of
or relate to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof, shall be governed by and
construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or
conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of Delaware or any other jurisdiction) that would
cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware, except that matters
relating to the internal corporate affairs of the Company, Merger Sub

A-53



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 155/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and the Surviving Corporation, including matters relating to the filing of the Articles of Merger, the effects
of the Merger, any appraisal rights, and fiduciary obligations of the Company Board shall be governed by
the laws of the state of North Carolina. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or
proceeding with respect to this Agreement and the rights and obligations arising hereunder, or for
recognition and enforcement of any judgment in respect of this Agreement and the rights and obligations
arising hereunder brought by the other party hereto or its successors or assigns, shall be brought and
determined exclusively in the Delaware Court of Chancery and any state appellate court therefrom within
the State of Delaware (or, if the Delaware Court of Chancery declines to accept jurisdiction over a particular
matter, any state or federal court within the State of Delaware), (the “Chosen Court”). Each of the parties
hereto hereby irrevocably submits with regard to any such action or proceeding for itself and in respect of its
property, generally and unconditionally, to the personal jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts and agrees that it
will not bring any action relating to this Agreement or any of the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement in any court other than the aforesaid courts. Each of the parties hereto, to the fullest extent
permitted by Law, hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense,
counterclaim or otherwise, in any action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement, (i) any claim that it is
not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts, (ii) any claim that it or its property is
exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts
(whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of
judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (iii) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law,
any claim that (A) the suit, action or proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (B) the
venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (C) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may
not be enforced in or by such courts. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, each of the parties
hereto hereby consents to the service of process in accordance with Section 7.10; provided, however, that
nothing herein shall affect the right of any party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by
Law.

(b) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, each of the parties irrevocably agrees that any
legal action or proceeding involving any Debt Financing Sources (or any of their respective Affiliates or
their or their respective Affiliates’ Representatives) arising out of or relating to this Agreement, the Debt
Letters or the Financing shall be brought and determined in the Supreme Court of the State of New York,
County of New York and that any such legal action or proceeding shall be governed by, and construed in
accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without regard to the conflicts of law rules of such State
that would result in the application of the laws of any other state; provided, that if jurisdiction is not then
available in the Supreme Court of the State of New York, County of New York, then any such legal action or
proceeding may be brought in any federal court located in the State of New York (and, in each case, any
appellate courts thereof). Each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid
courts for itself and with respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such
action or proceeding involving any Debt Financing Sources (or any of their respective Affiliates or their or
their respective Affiliates’ officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) arising out of or
relating to this Agreement, the Debt Letters or the Financing and the transactions contemplated hereby or
thereby. Each of the parties agrees not to commence any action, suit or proceeding involving any Debt
Financing Sources (or any of their respective Affiliates or their or their respective Affiliates’ officers,
directors, employees, agents and representatives) relating thereto except in the courts described above in
New York, other than actions in any court of competent jurisdiction to enforce any judgment, decree or
award rendered by any such court in New York as described herein. Each of the parties further agrees that
notice as provided herein shall constitute sufficient service of process and the parties further waive any
argument that such service is insufficient. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably and unconditionally
waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion or as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any action
or proceeding involving any Debt Financing Sources (or any of their respective Affiliates or their or their
respective Affiliates’ officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives) arising out of or relating to
this Agreement, the Debt Letters or the Financing or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby,
(x) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in New York as described
herein for any reason, (y) that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or
from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice,

A-54



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 156/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or
otherwise) and (z) that (i) the suit, action or proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient
forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper or (iii) this Agreement, the Debt Letters,
the Financing, or the subject matter hereof or thereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.

(c) EACH OF THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL
RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO
THIS AGREEMENT, THE FINANCING, THE DEBT LETTERS OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY.

Section 7.8. Specific Enforcement.

(a) The parties agree that irreparable damage would occur in the event that any of the provisions of this
Agreement were not performed in accordance with their specific terms or were otherwise breached. It is
accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court specified in
Section 7.7, without bond or other security being required, this being in addition to any other remedy to
which they are entitled at law or in equity. The parties further agree not to assert that a remedy of specific
performance is unenforceable, invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, nor to assert that a
remedy of monetary damages would provide an adequate remedy for any such breach.

(b) Each of the parties agrees that it will not oppose the granting of an injunction, specific performance
and other equitable relief on the basis that (i) the other party has an adequate remedy at law or (ii) an award
of specific performance is not an appropriate remedy for any reason at law or equity. Any party seeking an
injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and
provisions of this Agreement shall not be required to provide any bond or other security in connection with
any such order or injunction.

Section 7.9. Remedies.   Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any and all remedies expressly
conferred upon a party to this Agreement will be cumulative with, and not exclusive of, any other remedy
contained in this Agreement, at Law or in equity. The exercise by a party to this Agreement of any one remedy
will not preclude the exercise by it of any other remedy.

Section 7.10. Notices.   All notices, requests, demands and other communications to any party hereunder
shall be in writing and shall be deemed given if delivered personally, by facsimile (where a number is provided
and with confirmation of transmission) or sent by an internationally recognized overnight courier (providing
proof of delivery) to the parties at the following addresses:

If to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

Campbell Soup Company 
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103 
Attention: Corporate Secretary

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 
767 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10153 
Attention: Michael J. Aiello 
             Eoghan P. Keenan 
Facsimile: (212) 310-8007

If to the Company, to:

Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, NC 28277 
Attention: Gail Sharps Myers, Senior Vice President, General Counsel & Secretary 
Facsimile: (704) 557-8069

A-55



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 157/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Jenner & Block LLP 
919 Third Avenue 
New York, NY 10022 
Attention: Kevin T. Collins 
Facsimile: (212) 909-0834

or such other address or facsimile number as such party may hereafter specify to the other parties hereto in a
notice given in accordance with this Section 7.10. All such notices, requests and other communications shall be
deemed received on the date of receipt by the recipient thereof if received prior to 5:00 P.M. local time in the
place of receipt and such day is a Business Day in the place of receipt. Otherwise, any such notice, request or
communication shall be deemed not to have been received until the next succeeding Business Day in the place of
receipt.

Section 7.11. Severability.   If any term or other provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of
competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any rule of law or public policy, all
other terms, provisions and conditions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect. Upon
such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties
hereto shall substitute a suitable and equitable provision into this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of
the parties as closely as possible to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law in an acceptable manner to the
end that the transactions contemplated hereby are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 7.12. Debt Financing Sources Liability.   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this
Agreement, none of the Debt Financing Sources shall have any liability to the Company relating to or arising out
of this Agreement, the Financing or otherwise, whether at Law, or equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise, and the
Company shall not have any rights or claims against any Debt Financing Sources hereunder or thereunder.

Section 7.13. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the term:

(a) “Action” means any injunction, judgment, ruling, order, decree, action, proceeding, litigation, suit,
hearing, examination, inquiry, investigation, audit, arbitration, cause of action, claim, lawsuit, notice of
violation, citations, summons, subpoena, complaint, criminal prosecution, governmental or other
administrative proceeding, whether at law or at equity, public or private, formal or informal, before or by
any court or Governmental Authority, arbitrator or other tribunal.

(b) “Affiliate” means, when used with respect to any Person, any other Person who is an “affiliate” of
that Person within the meaning of Rule 405 promulgated under the Securities Act.

(c) “Antitrust Laws” means the United States Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890, the United States Clayton
Antitrust Act of 1914, the HSR Act, the United States Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914, and all other
applicable federal, state and foreign Laws issued by a Governmental Authority that are designed or intended
to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or
lessening of competition through merger or acquisition.

(d) “Business Day” means any day ending at 11:59 p.m. (New York local time) except a Saturday, a
Sunday or other day on which the United States Securities and Exchange Commission or banks in the City
of New York are authorized or required by Law to be closed.

(e) “Company Common Stock” means each share of common stock, par value $0.83 ⁄3, of the
Company.

(f) “Company Employee” means any employee or director of the Company or its Subsidiaries.

(g) “Company Material Adverse Effect” means, with respect to the Company, any change, effect, event,
violation, inaccuracy, state of facts, development, circumstance or occurrence (an “Event”) that, individually
or when taken together with all other Events, (i) has a material adverse effect on the results of operations,
financial condition, business, properties, assets or liabilities of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole, or (ii) would or would reasonably be expected to prevent, materially

A-56

1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 158/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

delay or materially impair the ability of the Company to consummate the Merger or to perform any of its
material obligations under this Agreement without material delay; provided, however, that, in the case of
clause (i), none of the following Events shall constitute or shall be taken into account in determining
whether there is a Company Material Adverse Effect: (A) changes generally affecting the economy or
political conditions or financial or securities markets or industries in which the Company or its Subsidiaries
operate, (B) acts of war (whether or not declared), the commencement, continuation or escalation of a war,
acts of armed hostility, sabotage or terrorism or any material worsening of such conditions threatened or
existing as of the date of this Agreement or natural disasters or other force majeure events, (C) any adoption,
implementation, enforcement, promulgation, repeal, amendment, interpretation, reinterpretation or other
changes, or proposed adoption, implementation, enforcement, promulgation, repeal, amendment,
interpretation, reinterpretation or changes in Law or GAAP or other accounting standards (or, in each case in
the interpretation thereof), (D) any failure by the Company or its Subsidiaries to meet any published or
internal projections, forecasts, predictions, estimates or expectations of the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’
past or projected revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period, in
and of itself, (E) any Events to the extent attributable to the execution, announcement or pendency of this
Agreement or the anticipated consummation of the Transactions (including the identity of Parent or its
Affiliates as the acquirer of the Company), or communication by Parent or its Affiliates with respect to the
post-Closing conduct of the business or assets of the Company or its Subsidiaries, (F) any decline in the
market price or trading volume of the Company Common Stock, (G) any Events resulting from or arising
out of any actions taken by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and Parent or any of its
Subsidiaries, on the other hand, as required by this Agreement, or (H) any action or omission explicitly
required under this Agreement or any action taken or omitted to be taken at the specific request of the Buyer
Parties or any omission caused by the failure of Parent to provide a consent under Section 4.2 (other than
any such consent with respect to which Parent has reasonably withheld such consent pursuant to and
consistent with Section 4.2); provided, that, with respect to clauses (A), (B) or (C), Events resulting from
any change, event, circumstance or development that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a
disproportionate adverse effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries shall be considered for purposes of
determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur.

(h) “Company Plan” means each “employee benefit plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA and
each other employee benefit plan, policy, agreement or arrangement, including material payroll practices,
employment, consulting or other compensation agreements, or bonus or other incentive compensation, stock
purchase, equity or equity-based compensation, deferred compensation, change in control, severance,
termination, redundancy, garden leave, sick leave and other paid leave, vacation, loans, salary continuation,
health, post-retirement (including retiree medical and retiree life insurance), life insurance and educational
assistance plan, policies, agreements or arrangements (including any funding mechanism now in effect or
required in the future as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby or otherwise), which is sponsored,
maintained, contributed to or required to be contributed to by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or with
respect to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries has any material obligation or liability, contingent
or otherwise, for Company Employees or independent contractors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(i) “Contract” means any agreement, lease, license, contract, note, bond, mortgage, indenture,
arrangement or other binding obligation (whether written or oral).

(j) “Debt Financing Sources” means the persons that have committed to provide or arrange or otherwise
entered into agreements (including the Debt Letters, any other commitment letters, engagement letters or
financing agreements), in each case, in connection with the Financing and/or any Permanent Financing in
connection with the Merger, and parties to any joinder agreements, indentures or credit agreements entered
pursuant thereto or relating thereto together with their respective Affiliates or their or their respective
Affiliates’ officers, directors, employees, agents and representatives and their respective successors and
assignees.

(k) “Existing Credit Agreements” means (a) that certain Amendment No. 3 to Amended and Restated
Credit Agreement, dated as of December 16, 2015, by and among, inter alios, the Company, the lenders
party thereto from time to time and Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent

A-57



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 159/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

thereunder, which amended and restated that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of
May 30, 2014 (as amended prior to such date) and (b) that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of
December 16, 2015, by and among, inter alios, the Company, the lenders party thereto from time to time and
Bank of America, N.A. as administrative agent thereunder, in each case, as amended, restated, amended and
restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with the provisions of this
Agreement.

(l) “ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended.

(m) “ERISA Affiliate” means, with respect to any entity, trade or business, any other entity, trade or
business that is a member of a group described in Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Code.

(n) “Exchange Act” means the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules and
regulations promulgated thereunder, each as amended.

(o) “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States, consistently applied.

(p) “Governmental Authority” means any domestic or foreign governmental or regulatory authority,
agency, commission, body, court or other legislative, executive or judicial governmental entity or any “self-
regulatory organization” as defined in Section 3(a)(26) of the Exchange Act.

(q) “Governmental Authorization” shall mean any permit, license, certificate, franchise, permission,
variance, clearance, registration, qualification or authorization issued, granted, given or otherwise made
available by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority pursuant to any Law.

(r) “Government Official” shall mean any official, officer, employee, or representative of, or any Person
acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of, any Governmental Authority, and includes any official or
employee of any directly or indirectly government-owned or -controlled entity, and any officer or employee
of a public international organization, as well as any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of
any such government or department, agency, or instrumentality, or for or on behalf of any such public
international organization.

(s) “HSR Act” means the United States Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as
amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder.

(t) “Knowledge” (and derivative terms thereof) means (i) as it relates to the Company, the actual
knowledge of the individuals listed in Section 7.13(t)(i) of the Company Disclosure Schedule and (ii) as it
relates to Parent, the actual knowledge of the individuals listed on Section 7.13(t)(ii) of the Parent
Disclosure Schedule.

(u) “Law” means any federal, state, local or foreign laws, statutes, ordinances, common law, and any
applicable rules, regulations, standards, judgments, orders, writs, injunctions, decrees, arbitration awards,
agency requirements, licenses or permits of any Governmental Authority.

(v) “Lien” means any liens, pledges, charges, mortgages, encumbrances, licenses, ownership interests
of other Persons, claims and security interests of any kind or nature whatsoever (including any restriction on
the right to vote or transfer the same, except for such transfer restrictions of general applicability, including
as may be provided under the Securities Act and the “blue sky” laws of the various States of the United
States).

(w) “Permitted Lien” means (i) encumbrances for Taxes or other governmental charges not yet due and
delinquent or that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings; (ii) mechanics’, carriers’,
workmen’s, repairmen’s or other like encumbrances arising or incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice relating to obligations as to which there is no default on the part of Company or
its applicable Subsidiaries, or the validity or amount of which is being contested in good faith by appropriate
proceedings; (iii) easements, covenants, conditions, restrictions and other encumbrances and similar matters,
that do not, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the continued use, operation, value or
marketability of the relevant asset to which they relate or the conduct of the business of the Company and its
Subsidiaries as presently conducted; (iv) zoning or

A-58



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 160/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

building codes; (v) statutory liens securing payments not yet due; and (vi) security interests, mortgages and
pledges that are disclosed in the Filed Company SEC Documents and that secure indebtedness that is
reflected in the most recent consolidated financial statements of the Company included in the Filed
Company SEC Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, “Liens” does not include any non-exclusive licenses
to Intellectual Property.

(x) “Person” means an individual, a corporation (including not-for-profit), a limited liability company, a
partnership, an association, a trust or any other entity, including a Governmental Authority or other entity of
any kind or nature.

(y) “Release” means release, spill, emission, leaking, pumping, injection, deposit, disposal, discharge,
or dispersal into the environment.

(z) “Securities Act” means the United States Securities Act of 1933 and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, each as amended.

(aa) “Subsidiary” when used with respect to any Person, means any other Person the accounts of which
would be consolidated with those of such party in such party’s consolidated financial statements if such
financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as any other Person of which
securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50% of the equity or more than 50% of the
ordinary voting power to elect a majority of the board of directors or other persons performing similar
functions (or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50% of the general partnership interests) are, as of such
date, owned by such party or one or more Subsidiaries of such party or by such party and one or more
Subsidiaries of such party.

(bb) “Tax” (including, with correlative meaning, the term “Taxes”) means (a) all federal, state, local
and non-U.S. income, profits, franchise, gross receipts, environmental, capital stock, severance, estimated,
social security, capital gains, alternative or add-on minimum, stamp, payroll, sales, employment,
unemployment, disability, use, property, withholding, excise, production, value added, occupancy and other
taxes or other payments in the nature of taxes of any kind whatsoever, together with all interest, penalties,
fines and additions imposed with respect to such amounts; (b) any liability for the payment of any amounts
of the type described in clause (a) as a result of being a member of an affiliated, combined, consolidated,
unitary or similar group with respect to any Taxes, including any affiliated group within the meaning of
Section 1504 of the Code electing to file consolidated federal income Tax Returns and any similar group
under foreign, state or local law for any period; and (c) any liability for the payment of any amounts of the
type described in clause (a) or (b) as a result of the operation of law or any express or implied obligation to
indemnify any other Person.

(cc) “Tax Return” means all returns and reports (including elections, declarations, disclosures,
schedules, estimates and information returns, claims for refund and any amendment thereof) supplied or
required to be supplied to any Governmental Authority relating to Taxes.

(dd) “Transactions” means, collectively, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby,
including the Merger.

A-59



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 161/191

Acceptable Confidentiality
Agreement Section 4.3(c)(i)

Acquisition Proposal Section 4.3(c)(ii)
Action Section 7.13(a)
Affected Employee Section 4.13
Affiliate Section 7.13(b)
Agreement Preamble
Alternative Acquisition 

Agreement Section 4.3(d)(i)(B)
Annual Incentive Plans Section 4.13(d)
Antitrust Laws Section 7.13(c)
Articles of Merger Section 1.3
ASPP Section 2.3(d)
Balance Sheet Date Section 3.1(e)(vii)
Bankruptcy and Equity 

Exception Section 3.1(c)(i)
Book-Entry Shares Section 2.2(b)
Business Day Section 7.13(d)
Buyer Parties Preamble
Buyer Party Obligors Section 6.5(f)(i)
Bylaws Section 1.5
Cash Performance Award Section 4.13(e)
Certificate Section 2.2(b)
Change of Recommendation Section 4.3(d)(i)(A)
Charter Section 1.5
Chosen Court Section 7.7(a)
Closing Section 1.2
Closing Date Section 1.2
Code Section 2.6
Commitment Letter Section 3.2(f)
Commitment Parties Section 3.2(f)
Company Preamble
Company Affiliates Section 3.1(t)
Company Board Recitals
Company Charter Documents Section 3.1(a)(iii)
Company Common Stock Section 7.13(e)
Company Disclosure 

Documents Section 3.1(i)(i)
Company Disclosure Schedule Section 3.1
Company Employee Section 7.13(f)
Company Equity Plans Section 2.3(e)
Company IP Section 3.1(o)(i)(A)
Company Leased Properties Section 3.1(n)(ii)
Company Material Adverse 

Effect Section 7.13(g)
Company Obligors Section 6.5(g)(i)
Company Owned Properties Section 3.1(n)(i)
Company Plan Section 7.13(h)
Company Preferred Stock Section 3.1(b)(i)
Company Proxy Statement Section 3.1(d)
Company RSU Section 2.3(c)
Company SEC Documents Section 3.1(e)(i)

Company Shareholder 
Approval Section 3.1(c)(i)

Company Shareholders’ 
Meeting Section 4.1(a)

Company Voting Agreement Recitals
Confidentiality Agreement Section 4.3(c)(iii)
Contract Section 7.13(i)
Copyrights Section 3.1(o)(i)(B)
D&O Indemnification Agreements Section 4.8(a)
D&O Insurance. Section 4.8(c)
Debt Financing Sources Section 7.13(j)
Debt Letters Section 3.2(f)
Debt Payoff Section 4.19(b)(ii)
DOJ Section 4.4(b)
Effective Time Section 1.3
Engagement Letters Section 3.1(s)
Environmental Laws Section 3.1(l)(ii)(A)
Environmental Liabilities Section 3.1(l)(ii)(B)
Environmental Permits Section 3.1(l)(i)
Equity Based Awards Section 3.1(b)(i)
ERISA Section 7.13(l)
ERISA Affiliate Section 7.13(m)
Event Section 7.13(g)
Exchange Fund Section 2.2(a)
Excluded Shares Section 2.1(a)
Exiting Credit Agreements Section 7.13(k)
Fairness Opinion Section 3.1(r)
Fiduciary Termination Section 4.3(d)(ii)
Filed Company SEC 

Documents Section 3.1(e)(vii)
Financing Section 3.2(f)
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Section 3.1(u)
FTC Section 4.4(b)
GAAP Section 7.13(o)
Government Official Section 7.13(r)
Governmental Authority Section 7.13(p)
Governmental Authorization Section 7.13(q)
Hazardous Materials Section 3.1(l)(ii)(C)
HSR Act Section 7.13(s)
Incentive Plan Participant Section 4.13(d)
Indemnifying Party Section 4.8(e)
Indemnity Proceedings Section 4.8(a)
Injunction Section 5.1(c)
Intellectual Property Section 3.1(o)(i)(B)
Intervening Event Section 4.3(c)(iv)
IT Assets Section 3.1(o)(vi)
Knowledge Section 7.13(t)
Law Section 7.13(u)
Licensed Intellectual Property Section 3.1(o)(i)(C)
Liens Section 7.13(v)
Losses Section 4.19(e)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The following terms are defined in the section of this Agreement set forth after such term below:

A-60



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 162/191

Marks Section 3.1(o)(i)(B)
Material Contract Section 3.1(m)(i)
Material Leased Properties Section 3.1(n)(ii)
Merger Section 1.1
Merger Recommendation Recitals
Merger Sub Preamble
Merger Sub Common Stock Section 2.1(c)
NCBCA. Recitals
Non-U.S. Company Plan Section 3.1(k)(i)
Option Section 2.3(a)
Owned Intellectual Property Section 3.1(o)(i)(D)
Parent Preamble
Parent Board Section 3.2(b)(ii)
Parent Fee Section 6.5(c)
Parent Material Adverse Effect Section 3.2(b)(iii)
Parent Plans Section 4.13(a)
Patents Section 3.1(o)(i)(B)
Paying Agent Section 2.2(a)
Per Share Merger Consideration Section 2.1(a)
Permanent Financing Section 4.19
Permitted Lien Section 7.13(w)
Person Section 7.13(x)
Plan of Merger Recitals

Policies Section 3.1(p)(i)
Redacted Fee Letter Section 3.2(f)
Registered IP Section 3.1(o)(iv)
Regulation S-K Section 3.1(e)(viii)
Regulatory Termination Section 6.5(d)
Release Section 7.13(y)
Representatives Section 4.3(a)
Required Information Section 4.19(b)(ii)
Restricted Stock Award Section 2.3(b)
SEC Section 3.1
Securities Act Section 7.13(z)
Subsidiary Section 7.13(aa)
Subsidiary Documents Section 3.1(a)(iii)
Superior Proposal Section 4.3(c)(v)
Surviving Corporation Section 1.1
Tax or Taxes Section 7.13(bb)
Tax Return Section 7.13(cc)
Termination Date Section 6.2(a)
Termination Fee Section 6.5
Trade Secrets Section 3.1(o)(i)(B)
Transactions Section 7.13(dd)
U.K. Bribery Act Section 3.1(u)
U.S. Company Plan Section 3.1(k)(i)
Willful Breach. Section 6.5(a)

TABLE OF CONTENTS

A-61



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 163/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 7.14. Interpretation; Construction.

(a) When a reference is made in this Agreement to an Article, Section, Exhibit or Schedule, such
reference shall be to an Article of, a Section of, or an Exhibit or Schedule to, this Agreement unless
otherwise indicated. The table of contents and headings contained in this Agreement are for reference
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the
words “include”, “includes” or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed to be followed
by the words “without limitation”. The words “hereof”, “herein” and “hereunder” and words of similar
import when used in this Agreement shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular
provision of this Agreement. All terms defined in this Agreement shall have the defined meanings when
used in any certificate or other document made or delivered pursuant hereto unless otherwise defined
therein. The definitions contained in this Agreement are applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms
of such terms and to the masculine as well as to the feminine and neuter genders of such term. Any
agreement, instrument, statute, rule or regulation defined or referred to herein or in any agreement or
instrument that is referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or statute as from time to time
amended, modified or supplemented, including (in the case of agreements or instruments) by waiver or
consent and (in the case of statutes) by succession of comparable successor statutes and references to all
attachments thereto and instruments incorporated therein. References to a Person are also to its permitted
successors and assigns. When calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which
any act is to be done or step taken, the date that is the reference date in beginning the calculation of such
period shall be excluded. If the last day of such period is a non-Business Day, the period in question shall
end on the next succeeding Business Day. All references to “dollars” or “$” in this Agreement are to United
States dollars.

(b) The parties hereto have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and, in
the event an ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as
jointly drafted by the parties hereto and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or
disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provision of this Agreement.

[Signature page follows.]

A-62



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 164/191

By: /s/ Denise Morrison

By: /s/ Anthony DiSilvestro

By: /s/ Brian J. Driscoll

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered
by the duly authorized officers of the parties hereto as of the date first above written.

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

Name: Denise Morrison 
Title:   Chief Executive Officer

TWIST MERGER SUB, INC.

Name: Anthony DiSilvestro 
Title:   Senior Vice President & Chief 
          Financial Officer

SNYDER’S-LANCE, INC.

Name: Brian J. Driscoll 
Title:   President & Chief Executive Officer

[Signature Page to Agreement and Plan of Merger]
A-63



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 165/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Exhibit A

Company Voting Agreement

VOTING AGREEMENT

This VOTING AGREEMENT, is made and entered into as of December 17, 2017 (this “Agreement”), by
and among the stockholders listed on the signature page(s) hereto (collectively, the “Stockholders” and each
individually, a “Stockholder”), and Campbell Soup Company, a New Jersey corporation (“Parent”).

RECITALS

WHEREAS, as of the date hereof, each Stockholder is the Beneficial Owner of the number of shares of
Company Common Stock (i) set forth opposite such Stockholder’s name on Schedule A hereto and (ii) that such
Stockholder comes to hold and to be entitled to vote (or direct the voting of) during the period from the date of
this Agreement through the Expiration Date (the “Subject Shares”);

WHEREAS, concurrently with the execution of this Agreement, Parent, Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a North
Carolina corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”), and Snyder’s-Lance, Inc., a North
Carolina corporation (the “Company”), are entering into an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of the date
hereof  (the “Merger Agreement”), pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof,
Merger Sub will be merged with and into the Company (the “Merger”), with the Company surviving the Merger
as a wholly owned subsidiary of Parent; and

WHEREAS, as a condition and inducement to the willingness of Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement,
Parent has required that the Stockholders enter into this Agreement, and the Stockholders desire to enter into this
Agreement to induce Parent to enter into the Merger Agreement;

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements contained
herein, and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties hereby agree, severally and not jointly, as follows:

1. Voting of Shares; Irrevocable Proxy.

(a) From the period commencing with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and continuing
until the Expiration Date, at every meeting of the holders of Company Common Stock and at every
adjournment or postponement thereof, each Stockholder shall vote or cause to be voted such Stockholder’s
Subject Shares as follows (and shall authorize a proxy to vote such Subject Shares accordingly):

(i) in favor of the approval of the Merger Agreement and the approval of the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the Merger;

(ii) against any Acquisition Proposal or any Superior Proposal; and

(iii) against any amendment of the articles of incorporation or bylaws of the Company or other
action or agreement of the Company, in each case for which the vote of the holders of Company
Common Stock is required to authorize such action or agreement, that would reasonably be expected to
(A) result in a breach of any covenant, representation or warranty or any other obligation or agreement
of the Company under the Merger Agreement, (B) result in any of the conditions to the consummation
of the Merger under the Merger Agreement not being fulfilled, or (C) impede, frustrate, interfere with,
delay, postpone or adversely affect the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by the Merger
Agreement.

(b) Each Stockholder hereby revokes (or agrees to cause to be revoked) any and all previous proxies
granted with respect to such Stockholder’s Subject Shares. By entering into this Agreement, each
Stockholder hereby grants a proxy appointing Parent as Stockholder’s attorney-in-fact and proxy, with full
power of substitution, for and in Stockholder’s name, to vote, express consent or dissent, or otherwise to
utilize such voting power in the manner contemplated by Section 1(a) above as Parent or its proxy or
substitute shall, in Parent’s sole discretion, deem proper with respect to such Stockholder’s Subject Shares.
The proxy granted by Stockholder pursuant to this Section 1(b) is irrevocable and is

A-A-1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 166/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

granted in consideration of Parent entering into this Agreement and the Merger Agreement and incurring
certain related fees and expenses. The proxy granted by such Stockholder shall not be exercised to vote,
consent or act on any matter except as contemplated by Section 1(a) above. The proxy granted by such
Stockholder shall be revoked, terminated and of no further force or effect, automatically and without further
action, upon termination of this Agreement in accordance with Section 9 (Termination) hereof.

2. Transfer of Shares.   Each Stockholder agrees that, from and after the date of this Agreement until the
earlier of the receipt of the Company Shareholder Approval or the Expiration Date, such Stockholder will not,
directly or indirectly, (i) sell, transfer, distribute, pledge, hypothecate, donate, assign, appoint or otherwise
dispose of or encumber (“Transfer”) any of such Stockholder’s Subject Shares, (ii) deposit any of the Subject
Shares into a voting trust or enter into a voting agreement or arrangement with respect to the Subject Shares or
grant any proxy or power of attorney with respect thereto, (iii) enter into any contract, option or other
arrangement or undertaking with respect to the Transfer of any Subject Shares, (iv) enter into any agreement,
arrangement or understanding with any Person (other than Parent), or take any other action, that would conflict
with, restrict, limit, violate or interfere with the performance of such Stockholder’s representations, warranties,
covenants and obligations hereunder or (v) take any action that would reasonably be expected to restrict or
otherwise adversely affect the Stockholder’s legal power, authority and right to comply with and perform its
covenants and obligations under this Agreement; provided that (A) the death of any Stockholder who is an
individual person shall itself not be a sale, transfer or disposition of any Subject Shares prohibited by this
Section 2 as long as another Stockholder or the Stockholder’s estate continues to own such Subject Shares and
agrees to perform such Stockholder’s obligations hereunder and (B) each Stockholder may Transfer any Subject
Shares to any Person for tax planning or charitable purposes or any Affiliate of the Stockholder; provided, that,
such Person or Affiliate agrees in a written instrument reasonably acceptable to Parent, as a condition precedent
to the Transfer and with respect to the Subject Shares so transferred, to be bound by this Agreement to the same
extent as the Stockholder by the voting and transfer provisions set forth in this Agreement. Any Transfer in
violation of this provision shall be void ab initio. The foregoing restrictions on Transfers of Subject Shares shall
not prohibit any such Transfers by any Stockholder in connection with the Merger or the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement.

3. Acquisition Proposals.   No Stockholder shall, nor shall any Stockholder permit any of its representatives
to, directly or indirectly, (i) solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate (including by way of furnishing nonpublic
information), induce or encourage any inquiries or the making of any proposal or offer (including any proposal or
offer to the holders of Company Common Stock, other than from Parent or any of its Affiliates) that constitutes,
or could reasonably be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, (ii) initiate any discussions or negotiations
regarding or furnish to any Person any nonpublic information with respect to, or cooperate in any way that could
otherwise reasonably be expected to lead to, any Acquisition Proposal or (iii) approve, recommend or make any
public statement approving or recommending any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes, or could reasonably
be expected to lead to, an Acquisition Proposal, and no Stockholder shall, alone or together with any other
Person, make an Acquisition Proposal. If any Stockholder receives any inquiry or proposal regarding any
Acquisition Proposal, such Stockholder shall promptly inform Parent of such inquiry or proposal and the details
thereof.

4. Additional Covenants of the Stockholders.

(a) Further Assurances.   From time to time and without additional consideration, each Stockholder
shall execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, such additional instruments, and shall take
such further actions, as are reasonably necessary in order to perform his, her or its obligations under this
Agreement.

(b) Stock Dividends, etc.   In the event of a stock split, stock dividend or distribution, or any change in
the Shares by reason of any split-up, reverse stock split, recapitalization, combination, reclassification,
reincorporation, exchange of shares or the like, the terms “Company Common Stock” and “Subject Shares”
shall be deemed to refer to and include such shares as well as all such stock dividends and distributions and
any securities into which or for which any or all of such shares may be changed or exchanged or which are
received in such transaction.

A-A-2



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 167/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c) Notice of Acquisitions.   Each Stockholder hereby agrees to notify Parent in writing as promptly as
practicable, following the date Stockholder is actually made aware of such acquisition, of the number of any
additional Shares or other voting securities of the Company which such Stockholder comes to hold and to be
entitled to vote (or direct the voting of) on or after the date hereof through the Expiration Date; provided that
any timely filing with the SEC by such Stockholder pursuant to Section 13 or Section 16 of the Exchange
Act reporting any such acquisition shall constitute notice with respect to this Section 4(c).

(d) Disclosure.   Parent shall not make any public announcement that references any Stockholder
without the prior written consent of such Stockholder; provided, that Parent may, without obtaining such
consent, make any public statement that contains only information included in, and is consistent with, public
statements previously approved in accordance with this paragraph. Subject to reasonable prior notice, each
Stockholder hereby authorizes the Company and Parent to publish and disclose in any announcement or
disclosure required by the SEC, including in the Company Proxy Statement, such Stockholder’s identity and
ownership of such Stockholder’s Subject Shares and the nature of such Stockholder’s obligations under this
Agreement.

5. Representations and Warranties of each Stockholder.   Each Stockholder on its own behalf hereby
represents and warrants as of the date hereof to Parent, severally and not jointly, with respect to such Stockholder
and such Stockholder’s ownership of the Subject Shares, as follows (except in each case as would not reasonably
be expected to prevent or materially delay or impair such Stockholder’s ability to perform his, her or its material
obligations hereunder):

(a) Authority.   Such Stockholder has (i) if such Stockholder is not a natural person, all requisite power
and authority, and (ii) if such Stockholder is a natural person, capacity, in each case, to enter into this
Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby. This Agreement has been duly
authorized (if such Stockholder is not a natural person), executed and delivered by such Stockholder and
constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such Stockholder enforceable in accordance with its terms,
subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. If such Stockholder is a trust, the trustee is duly authorized
to execute and deliver this Agreement and consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, and any
directions or prior consents which the trustee is required to obtain pursuant to the terms of the governing
trust instrument have been obtained. Other than as provided in the Merger Agreement and any filings by
such Stockholder with the SEC, the execution, delivery and performance by such Stockholder of this
Agreement does not require any consent, approval, authorization or permit of, action by, filing with or
notification to any Governmental Authority, other than any consent, approval, authorization, permit, action,
filing or notification the failure of which to make or obtain would not, individually or in the aggregate, be
reasonably expected to prevent or materially delay the consummation of the Merger.

(b) No Conflicts.   Neither the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the
transactions contemplated hereby, nor compliance with the terms hereof, will violate, conflict with or result
in a material breach of, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under any
provision of, any trust agreement, other agreement, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or
regulation applicable to such Stockholder.

(c) The Subject Shares.   Such Stockholder is the Beneficial Owner of, or is a trust or estate that is the
Beneficial Owner of and whose beneficiaries are the beneficial owners (not within the meaning of Rule 13d-
3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, but rather, pursuant to the common law regarding beneficial
interests in trusts) of, and has good and marketable title to, the Subject Shares set forth opposite such
Stockholder’s name on Schedule A hereto, free and clear of any and all security interests, liens,
encumbrances, equities, claims, options or limitations of whatever nature (including any restriction on the
right to vote, sell or otherwise dispose of such Subject Shares). Such Stockholder does not Beneficially Own
any shares of Company Common Stock other than the Subject Shares set forth opposite such Stockholder’s
name on Schedule A hereto (except that such Stockholder may be deemed to Beneficially Own Subject
Shares owned by other Stockholders). Such Stockholder has, or will have at the time of the applicable
meeting of holders of Shares, the right to vote or direct the vote of such Subject Shares (it being understood
in the case of Stockholders that are trusts, that the trustees

A-A-3



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 168/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

thereof have the right to cause such Stockholders to take such actions, and if the trustees are acting subject to
the direction of another party in the exercise of such voting power, then the direction of such other party has
been obtained prior to the execution of this Agreement and such direction shall not be revoked except in
compliance with this Agreement). None of the Subject Shares is subject to any agreement, arrangement or
restriction with respect to the voting of such Subject Shares that would prevent or materially delay a
Stockholder’s ability to perform its obligations hereunder. There are no agreements or arrangements of any
kind, contingent or otherwise, obligating such Stockholder to Transfer, or cause to be Transferred, any of the
Subject Shares set forth opposite such Stockholder’s name on Schedule A hereto (other than a Transfer from
one Stockholder to another Stockholder) and no Person has any contractual or other right or obligation to
purchase or otherwise acquire any of such Subject Shares.

(d) Reliance by Parent.   Such Stockholder understands and acknowledges that Parent is entering into
the Merger Agreement in reliance upon such Stockholder’s execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(e) Litigation.   As of the date hereof, to the knowledge of such Stockholder, there is no action,
proceeding or investigation pending or, to the knowledge of the Stockholder, threatened in writing against
such Stockholder that questions the validity of this Agreement or any action taken or to be taken by such
Stockholder in connection with this Agreement.

6. Representations and Warranties of Parent.   Parent represents and warrants to the Stockholders as follows:
Parent is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under the Laws of the State of
New Jersey and has full corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate
the transactions contemplated hereby. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the Merger Agreement
by Parent and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly and validly
authorized by the board of directors of Parent, and no other corporate proceedings on the part of Parent are
necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement, the Merger Agreement by
Parent and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby. The execution and delivery of
the Merger Agreement by Merger Sub and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby have been
duly and validly authorized by the board of directors of Merger Sub, and no other corporate proceedings on the
part of Merger Sub are necessary to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Merger Agreement
by Merger Sub and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby. Parent has duly and validly
executed this Agreement, and this Agreement constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of Parent
enforceable against Parent in accordance with its terms, subject to the Bankruptcy and Equity Exception. Neither
the execution and delivery of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, nor
compliance with the terms hereof, will violate, conflict with or result in a material breach of the constituent
documents of Parent, or constitute a default (with or without notice or lapse of time or both) under any provision
of, any other agreement, judgment, order, decree, statute, law, ordinance, rule or regulation applicable to Parent.

7. Stockholder Capacity.   No Person executing this Agreement who is or becomes during the term hereof a
director or officer of the Company shall be deemed to make any agreement or understanding in this Agreement in
such Person’s capacity as a director or officer. Each Stockholder is entering into this Agreement solely in such
Stockholder’s capacity as the record holder or Beneficial Owner of, or as a trust whose beneficiaries are the
beneficial owners (not within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act, but rather,
pursuant to the common law regarding beneficial interests in trusts) of, Subject Shares and nothing herein shall
limit or affect any actions taken (or any failures to act) by a Stockholder in such Stockholder’s capacity as a
director or officer of the Company. The taking of any actions (or any failures to act) by a Stockholder (including
voting on matters put to such board or any committee thereof, influencing officers, employees, agents,
management or the other directors of the Company and taking any action or making any statement at any meeting
of such board or any committee thereof) in such Stockholder’s capacity as a director or officer of the Company
shall not be deemed to constitute a breach of this Agreement, regardless of the circumstances related thereto.

A-A-4



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 169/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

8. Certain Definitions.

(a) Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the respective meanings ascribed
to them in the Merger Agreement.

(b) “Beneficial Ownership”   and related terms such as “Beneficially Owned” or “Beneficial Owner”
have the meaning given such terms in Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, as in effect from time to time.

9. Termination.   This Agreement shall automatically terminate without further action upon the earliest to
occur (the “Expiration Date”) of  (i) the Effective Time, (ii) the termination of the Merger Agreement, (iii) the
written agreement of the Stockholders and Parent to terminate this Agreement and (iv) any amendment,
modification, waiver or other change to any provision of the Merger Agreement, as in effect on the date hereof,
that (A) is materially adverse to Stockholder from a financial point of view, including any reduction in the
amount or change to the form of consideration payable to any Stockholder, or (B) would materially delay or
materially impede the ability of the parties to the Merger Agreement to consummate the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement. At any time, Parent and any Stockholder may mutually agree in writing
to terminate this Agreement with respect to such Stockholder and, if so agreed, such Stockholder shall have no
further obligations under this Agreement.

10. Specific Performance.   Each Stockholder acknowledges and agrees that (i) the covenants, obligations
and agreements contained in this Agreement relate to special, unique and extraordinary matters, (ii) Parent is
relying on such covenants in connection with entering into the Merger Agreement and (iii) a violation of any of
the terms of such covenants, obligations or agreements will cause Parent irreparable injury for which adequate
remedies are not available at law and for which monetary damages are not readily ascertainable. Therefore, each
Stockholder agrees that Parent shall be entitled to an injunction, restraining order or such other equitable relief 
(without the requirement to post bond), in addition to remedies at law or in damages, as a court of competent
jurisdiction may deem necessary or appropriate to restrain such Stockholder from committing any violation of
such covenants, obligations or agreements, and shall not oppose the granting of such relief on the basis that
Parent has an adequate remedy at law or in damages.

11. Governing Law and Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial.

(a) THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE DEEMED TO BE MADE IN AND IN ALL RESPECTS SHALL
BE INTERPRETED, CONSTRUED AND GOVERNED BY AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAW
OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE WITHOUT REGARD TO THE CONFLICT OF LAW PRINCIPLES
THEREOF.

(b) Each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits exclusively to the jurisdiction of the Chancery
Courts of the State of Delaware and the federal courts of the United States of America, in each case, located
in New Castle County in the State of Delaware and hereby waives, and agrees not to assert, as a defense in
any action, suit or proceeding for the interpretation or enforcement hereof, that it is not subject thereto or
that such action, suit or proceeding may not be brought or is not maintainable in said courts or that the venue
thereof may not be appropriate or that this Agreement may not be enforced in or by such courts, and each of
the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that all claims relating to such action, suit or proceeding shall be heard
and determined in such a state or federal court. The parties hereby consent to and grant any such court
jurisdiction over the person of such parties and over the subject matter of such dispute and agree that mailing
of process or other papers in connection with any such action or proceeding in the manner provided in
Section 16 or in such other manner as may be permitted by Law, shall be valid and sufficient service thereof.

(c) EACH PARTY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT ANY CONTROVERSY WHICH MAY
ARISE UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IS LIKELY TO INVOLVE COMPLICATED AND DIFFICULT
ISSUES, AND THEREFORE EACH SUCH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND
UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT SUCH PARTY MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN
RESPECT OF ANY LITIGATION DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH
PARTY CERTIFIES

A-A-5



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 170/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AND ACKNOWLEDGES THAT (i) NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY
OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY
WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER,
(ii) EACH SUCH PARTY UNDERSTANDS AND HAS CONSIDERED THE IMPLICATIONS OF THIS
WAIVER, (iii) EACH SUCH PARTY MAKES THIS WAIVER VOLUNTARILY, AND (iv) EACH SUCH
PARTY HAS BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS,
THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 11.

12. Several Obligations.   Obligations of each Stockholder under this Agreement shall be several and not
joint.

13. Modification or Amendment.   This Agreement may only be amended, modified or supplemented in
writing by the parties hereto, or as between Parent and any Stockholder by an instrument in writing signed by
Parent and such Stockholder.

14. Waivers.   Any provision of this Agreement may be waived if, and only if, such waiver is in writing and
signed by the party against whom the waiver is to be effective. No failure or delay by any party in exercising any
right, power or privilege hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise
thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, power or privilege.
Except as otherwise herein provided, the rights and remedies herein provided shall be cumulative and not
exclusive of any rights or remedies provided by Law.

15. Assignment.   This Agreement shall not be assignable by operation of Law or otherwise. Any assignment
in contravention of the preceding sentence shall be null and void.

16. No Third-Party Beneficiaries.   This Agreement is not intended to confer upon any Person other than the
parties any rights or remedies.

17. Notices.   All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall
be in writing and shall be deemed given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally or (ii) on the first
Business Day following the date of dispatch if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (providing proof
of delivery), in each case to the parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be
specified by like notice):

(i) If to Parent, to:

Campbell Soup Company 
One Campbell Place 
Camden, New Jersey 08103 
Attention: Corporate Secretary

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Weil, Gotshal & Manges LLP 
767 Fifth Avenue 
New York, NY 10153 
Attention: 
Michael J. Aiello 
Eoghan P. Keenan 
Facsimile: (212) 310-8007

If to the Patricia A. Warehime Revocable Deed of Trust to:

Patricia A. Warehime 
416 Sprenkle Avenue 
Hanover, PA 17331

A-A-6



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 171/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Eckert Seamans 
600 Grant Street, 44  Floor 
Pittsburgh, PA 15219 
Attention: John Kearns, III 
Facsimile: (412) 566-6099

If to any Stockholder other than the Patricia A. Warehime Revocable Deed of Trust, to:

Charles E. Good 
6663 Moulstown Road E. 
Hanover, PA 17331

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Eckert Seamans 
600 Grant Street, 44  Floor 
Pittsburgh, PA 15219 
Attention: John Kearns, III 
Facsimile: (412) 566-6099

18. Severability.   The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable and the invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. If
any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof to any Person or any circumstance, is invalid or
unenforceable, (a) the parties shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement to carry out, so far as may be
valid and enforceable, the intent and purpose of such invalid or unenforceable provision and (b) the remainder of
this Agreement and the application of such provision to other Persons or circumstances shall not, subject to
clause (a) above, be affected by such invalidity or unenforceability, except as a result of such modification, nor
shall such invalidity or unenforceability affect the validity or enforceability of such provision, or the application
thereof, in any other jurisdiction.

19. Entire Agreement.   This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to
the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the parties with respect
thereto.

20. Headings.   The headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not
affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

21. Counterparts; Effectiveness.   This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts
(including by facsimile or by attachment to electronic mail in portable document format (PDF) or by other
electronic means), each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts
shall together constitute the same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have
been signed by each of the parties hereto and delivered to the other parties hereto.

22. No Ownership Interests.   Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be deemed to vest in Parent any
direct or indirect ownership or incidence of ownership of or with respect to any Subject Shares. All rights,
ownership and economic benefits of and relating to the Subject Shares shall remain vested in and belong to the
applicable Stockholder. Nothing in this Agreement shall be interpreted as creating or forming a “group” with any
other Person, including Parent, for the purposes of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) of the Exchange Act or for any other similar
provision of applicable Law.

[SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW]

A-A-7

th

th



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 172/191

By: /s/ Denise Morrison

By: /s/ Anthony DiSilvestro

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.

CAMPBELL SOUP COMPANY

Name:  Denise Morrison 
Title:    Chief Executive Officer

TWIST MERGER SUB

Name:  Anthony DiSilvestro 
Title:    Senior Vice President & Chief 
       Financial Officer

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-8



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 173/191

By: /s/ Patricia A. Warehime

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above
written.

PATRICIA A. WAREHIME REVOCABLE DEED
OF TRUST

Name:  Patricia A. Warehime 
Title:   Trustee 

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-9



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 174/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WAREHIME 2016 GRAT #1

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-10



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 175/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WAREHIME 2017 GRAT #1

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee 

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-11



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 176/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Steve B. Yelland

By: /s/ Susan A. Rupp

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF SUSAN A. RUPP

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Steve B. Yelland 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Susan A. Rupp 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]
A-A-12



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 177/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Steve B. Yelland

By: /s/ Katherine A. Mininger

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF KATHERINE 
A. MININGER

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Steve B. Yelland 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Katherine A. Mininger 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]
A-A-13



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 178/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Steve B. Yelland

By: /s/ Elizabeth A. Warehime

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST 
FOR THE BENEFIT OF ELIZABETH 
A. WAREHIME

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Steve B. Yelland 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Elizabeth A. Warehime 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]
A-A-14



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 179/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Sally A. Yelland

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MICHAEL & PATRICIA WAREHIME 1995
IRREVOCABLE TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF
DAUGHTERS

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Sally A. Yelland 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-15



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 180/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Michael C. Anderson

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 
TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF MARGARET
ANNE MININGER

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Michael C. Anderson 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-16



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 181/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Michael C. Anderson

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF HARRISON MICHAEL RUPP

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Michael C. Anderson 
Title:    Trustee 

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-17



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 182/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Michael C. Anderson

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF SOPHIE ANN MININGER

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Michael C. Anderson 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-18



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 183/191

By: /s/ Charles E. Good

By: /s/ Michael C. Anderson

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE
BENEFIT OF EVAN MICHAEL RUPP

Name:  Charles E. Good 
Title:    Trustee

Name:  Michael C. Anderson 
Title:    Trustee

[Signature Page to Voting Agreement]

A-A-19



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 184/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SCHEDULE A

Name of Stockholder

Number of 
Shares of Company 

Common Stock

PATRICIA A. WAREHIME REVOCABLE DEED OF TRUST 8,953,547
WAREHIME 2016 GRAT #1 2,044,738
WAREHIME 2017 GRAT #1 1,546,783
WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF SUSAN A. RUPP 72,739
WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

KATHERINE A. MININGER 72,739
WAREHIME 2012 DYNASTY TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

ELIZABETH A. WAREHIME 72,739
MICHAEL & PATRICIA WAREHIME 1995 IRREVOCABLE TRUST FOR

THE BENEFIT OF DAUGHTERS 51,983
MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

MARGARET ANNE MININGER 10,145
MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

HARRISON MICHAEL RUPP 9,391
MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

SOPHIE ANN MININGER 8,853
MICHAEL A. WAREHIME 2010 TRUST FOR THE BENEFIT OF

EVAN MICHAEL RUPP 8,100

   

A-A-20



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 185/191

1. Article 2 of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to state as follows:

2. Article 3 of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to state as follows:

3. Article 4 of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to state as follows:

4. Article 5 of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to state as follows: The number of directors
of the Corporation may be fixed by the bylaws.

5. Article 7 of the Articles of Incorporation is amended to state as follows:

6. Article 8 of the Articles of Incorporation is hereby deleted in is entirety and Article 9 is amended
is hereby to be numbered Article 8.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Exhibit B

Articles of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation

EXECUTION COPY 

AMENDMENTS TO ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 
OF 

SURVIVING CORPORATION

The amendments to the Articles of Incorporation are:

The name of the initial registered agent and the street address, mailing address and county of the
initial registered office are:

CT Corporation System 
160 Mine Lake Ct, Suite 200 
Raleigh, NC 27615-6417

 
 
County: Wake

The authorized purposes of the Corporation are to engage in any and all lawful business in which a
corporation organized under the North Carolina Business Corporation Act may engage.

The Corporation is authorized to issue 100 shares of capital stock, all of one class, designated as
common stock, par value $0.01 per share.

The Corporation does not have a principal office.

A-B-1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 186/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex B 

200 West Street | New York, NY 10282-2198 
Tel: 212-902-1000 | Fax: 212-902-3000

Goldman
Sachs 

PERSONAL AND CONFIDENTIAL

December 18, 2017

Board of Directors 
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
13515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Lady and Gentlemen:

Attached is our opinion letter, dated December 18, 2017 (“Opinion Letter’’), with respect to the fairness from a
financial point of view to the holders (other than Campbell Soup Company (“Campbell’’) and its affiliates) of the
outstanding shares of common stock, par value $0.83 ⁄3 per share (the “Shares’’), of Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. (the
“Company”) of the $50.00 in cash per Share to be paid to such holders pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of
Merger, dated as of December 18, 2017, by and among Campbell, Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned
subsidiary of Campbell, and the Company.

The Opinion Letter is provided solely for the information and assistance of the Board of Directors of the
Company in connection with its consideration of the transaction contemplated therein and is not to be used,
circulated, quoted or otherwise referred to for any other purpose, nor is it to be filed with, included in or referred
to in whole or in part in any registration statement, proxy statement or any other document, except in accordance
with our prior written consent.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

(GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC)

Securities and Investment Services Provided by Goldman, Sachs & Co.

B-1

1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 187/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

200 West Street | New York, NY 10282-2198 
Tel: 212-902-1000 | Fax: 212-902-3000

Goldman
Sachs 

PERSON AL AND CONFlDENTIAL

December 18, 2017 
Board of Directors 
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
1 3515 Ballantyne Corporate Place 
Charlotte, North Carolina 28277

Lady and Gentlemen:

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness from a financial point of view to the holders (other than
Campbell Soup Company (“Campbell”) and its affiliates) of the outstanding shares of common stock, par value
$0.83 ⁄3 per share (the “Shares”), of Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. (the “Company”) of the $50.00 in cash per Share to be
paid to such holders pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of December 18, 2017 (the
“Agreement”), by and among Campbell, Twist Merger Sub, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Campbell, and the
Company.

Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and its affiliates are engaged in advisory, underwriting and financing, principal
investing, sales and trading, research, investment management and other financial and non-financial activities and
services for various persons and entities. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC and its affiliates and employees, and funds
or other entities they manage or in which they invest or have other economic interests or with which they co-
invest, may at any time purchase, sell, hold or vote long or short positions and investments in securities,
derivatives, loans, commodities, currencies, credit default swaps and other financial instruments of the Company,
Campbell, any of their respective affiliates and third parties, or any currency or commodity that may be involved
in the transaction contemplated by the Agreement (the “Transaction”). We have acted as financial advisor to the
Company in connection with, and have participated in certain of the negotiations leading to, the Transaction. We
expect to receive fees for our services in connection with the Transaction, all of which are contingent upon
consummation of the Transaction, and the Company has agreed to reimburse certain of our expenses arising, and
indemnify us against certain liabilities that may arise, out of our engagement. We have provided certain financial
advisory and/or underwriting services to Campbell and/or its affiliates from time to time for which our
Investment Banking Division has received, and may receive, compensation, including acting as a dealer in
connection with Campbell’s commercial paper program. We may also in the future provide financial advisory
and/or underwriting services to the Company, Campbell and their respective affiliates for which our Investment
Banking Division may receive compensation.

Securities and Investment Services Provided by Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

B-2

1



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 188/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Board of Directors 
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
December 18, 2017 
Page 2

In connection with this opinion, we have reviewed, among other things, the Agreement; annual reports to
stockholders and Annual Reports on Form 10-K of the Company for the five fiscal years ended December 31,
2016; certain interim reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of the Company; certain other
communications from the Company to its stockholders; certain publicly available research analyst reports for the
Company; and certain internal financial analyses and forecasts for the Company prepared by its management, as
approved for our use by the Company (the “Forecasts”). We have also held discussions with members of the
senior management of the Company regarding their assessment of the past and current business operations,
financial condition and future prospects of the Company; reviewed the reported price and trading activity for the
Shares; compared certain financial and stock market information for the Company with similar information for
certain other companies the securities of which are publicly traded; reviewed the financial terms of certain recent
business combinations in the food and beverage industry and in other industries; and performed such other
studies and analyses, and considered such other factors, as we deemed appropriate.

For purposes of rendering this opinion, we have, with your consent, relied upon and assumed the accuracy
and completeness of all of the financial, legal, regulatory, tax, accounting and other information provided to,
discussed with or reviewed by, us, without assuming any responsibility for independent verification thereof. In
that regard, we have assumed with your consent that the Forecasts have been reasonably prepared on a basis
reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of the management of the Company. We have not
made an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or
other off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries and we have not been
furnished with any such evaluation or appraisal. We have assumed that all governmental, regulatory or other
consents and approvals necessary for the consummation of the Transaction will be obtained without any adverse
effect on the expected benefits of the Transaction in any way meaningful to our analysis. We have assumed that
the Transaction will be consummated on the terms set forth in the Agreement, without the waiver or modification
of any term or condition the effect of which would be in any way meaningful to our analysis.

Our opinion does not address the underlying business decision of the Company to engage in the Transaction,
or the relative merits of the Transaction as compared to any strategic alternatives that may be available to the
Company; nor does it address any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting matters. This opinion addresses only the
fairness from a financial point of view to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of Shares, as of the
date hereof, of the $50.00 in cash per Share to be paid to such holders pursuant to the Agreement. We do not
express any view on, and our opinion does not address, any other term or aspect of the Agreement or Transaction
or any term or aspect of any other agreement or instrument contemplated by the Agreement or entered into or
amended in connection with the Transaction, including, the fairness of the Transaction to, or any consideration
received in connection therewith by, the holders of any other class of securities, creditors, or other constituencies
of the Company; nor as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any
of the officers, directors or employees of the Company, or class of such persons, in connection with the
Transaction, whether relative to the $50.00 in cash per Share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and
its affiliates) of Shares pursuant to the Agreement or otherwise. We are not expressing any opinion as to the
prices at which the Shares will trade at any time or as to the impact of the Transaction on the solvency or viability
of the Company or Campbell or the ability of the Company or Campbell to pay their respective obligations when
they come due. Our opinion is necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect
on, and the information made available to us as of, the date hereof and we assume no responsibility for updating,
revising or reaffirming this opinion based on circumstances, developments or events occurring after the date
hereof. Our advisory services and the opinion expressed herein are provided for the information and assistance of
the Board of Directors of the Company in connection with its consideration of the Transaction and such opinion
does not constitute a recommendation as to how any holder of Shares should vote with respect to the Transaction
or any other matter. This opinion has been approved by a fairness committee of Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC.

   

B-3



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 189/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Board of Directors 
Snyder’s-Lance, Inc. 
December 18, 2017 
Page 3

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, it is our opinion that, as of the date hereof, the $50.00 in cash per
Share to be paid to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of Shares pursuant to the Agreement is fair
from a financial point of view to the holders (other than Campbell and its affiliates) of Shares.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC

(GOLDMAN SACHS & CO. LLC)

   

B-4



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 190/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS



9/26/2019 c483540-defm14a - none - 6.9084684s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/57528/000117494718000230/c483540-defm14a.htm 191/191

TABLE OF CONTENTS


