







































9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 1/196

☐ Preliminary Proxy Statement
☐ Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))
☒ Definitive Proxy Statement
☐ Definitive Additional Materials
☐ Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12

☐ No fee required.

☐ Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

(1) Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
   

(2) Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies: 
   

(3) Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set
forth the amount on which the filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined): 
   

(4) Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction: 
   

(5) Total fee paid: 
   

☒ Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.

☐ Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for
which the offsetting fee was paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the
Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

(1) Amount Previously Paid:

(2) Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:

(3) Filing Party:

(4) Date Filed:

DEFM14A 1 tv485255_defm14a.htm DEFINITIVE PROXY STATEMENT
TABLE OF CONTENTS

UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of 

the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Filed by the Registrant ☒
Filed by a Party other than the Registrant ☐
Check the appropriate box:

DST SYSTEMS, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

N/A
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 2/196

(i) “FOR” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement, thereby approving the transactions
contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger;

(ii) “FOR” the proposal to approve, by a non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may
become payable by DST to its named executive officers in connection with the Merger; and

(iii) “FOR” the proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Special Meeting, if necessary or
appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger
Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MERGER PROPOSAL — YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT

February 27, 2018

To the Stockholders of DST Systems, Inc.:

You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Stockholders (the “Special Meeting”) of DST
Systems, Inc. (“DST”) to be held at DST’s Broadway Conference Center, 1055 Broadway Street, Third Floor,
Kansas City, MO 64105 on March 28, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time.

At the special meeting, you will be asked to consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the Agreement and
Plan of Merger (as it may be amended from time to time), dated as of January 11, 2018 (the “Merger
Agreement”) by and among DST, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (“SS&C”), and Diamond Merger Sub, Inc.
(“Merger Sub”), a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C. Pursuant to the terms of the Merger Agreement,
Merger Sub will merge with and into DST, with DST surviving the merger as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary
of SS&C (the “Merger”). You also will be asked to consider and vote on (i) a non-binding advisory proposal to
approve compensation that will or may become payable by DST to its named executive officers in connection
with the merger and (ii) a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Special Meeting, if necessary or
appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time
of the Special Meeting.

If the Merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive $84.00 in cash, without interest, for each share of
our common stock, par value $0.01, which we refer to as DST common stock, you own (unless you have properly
exercised your appraisal rights with respect to such shares), which represents a premium of (i) approximately
29% to DST’s closing stock price on January 9, 2018, the last trading day prior to market rumors regarding the
merger, (ii) approximately 35% to the volume weighted average stock price of DST common stock during the
thirty (30) days ended January 9, 2018 and (iii) approximately 29% to the highest stock price of DST common
stock during the fifty-two (52) week period ended January 9, 2018.

The receipt of cash in exchange for shares of DST common stock pursuant to the Merger will generally be a
taxable transaction to “U.S. Holders” (as defined in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The
Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger”) for United States federal income tax purposes.
See “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences
of the Merger” beginning on page 63 of the accompanying proxy statement.

DST’s Board of Directors, after considering the reasons more fully described in this proxy statement
and after consultation with independent legal and financial advisors, unanimously determined that the
Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement, including the Merger,
are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of DST and its stockholders, and adopted, approved and
declared advisable the Merger Agreement and the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement.
The Board of Directors recommends that you vote:



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 3/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The enclosed proxy statement provides detailed information about the Special Meeting, the Merger
Agreement and the Merger. A copy of the Merger Agreement is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement. The
proxy statement also describes the actions and determinations of our Board of Directors in connection with its
evaluation of the Merger Agreement and the Merger. We encourage you to read the proxy statement and its
annexes, including the Merger Agreement, carefully and in their entirety. You may also obtain more information
about DST from documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.

Whether or not you plan to attend the Special Meeting in person, please complete, sign, date and return, as
promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid reply envelope or grant your proxy
electronically over the Internet or by telephone. If you attend the Special Meeting and vote in person by ballot,
your vote will revoke any proxy that you have previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,”
you should instruct your broker, bank or other nominee how to vote in accordance with the voting instruction
form you will receive from your broker, bank or other nominee.

Your vote is very important, regardless of the number of shares that you own. We cannot complete the
Merger unless the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is approved by the affirmative vote of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of DST common stock. The failure of any stockholder to
vote in person by ballot at the Special Meeting, to submit a signed proxy card or to grant a proxy
electronically over the Internet or by telephone will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct
your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement.

If you have any questions or need assistance voting your shares of DST common stock, please contact
Innisfree M&A Incorporated, our proxy solicitor, by calling (888) 750-5834 toll-free.

On behalf of our Board of Directors, I thank you for your support and appreciate your consideration of this
matter.

Sincerely,

Stephen C. Hooley 
President, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board 
DST Systems, Inc.

Neither the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities regulatory agency has
approved or disapproved of the transactions described in this document, including the Merger, or
determined if the information contained in this document is accurate or adequate. Any representation to
the contrary is a criminal offense.

The accompanying proxy statement is dated February 27, 2018 and, together with the enclosed form of
proxy card, is first being mailed to stockholders of DST on or about February 28, 2018.



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 4/196

1. To consider and vote on the proposal to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of
January 11, 2018 (the “Merger Agreement”), among DST, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc., a
Delaware corporation (“SS&C”), and Diamond Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an
indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C (“Merger Sub”), as it may be amended from time to time, a
copy of which is attached as Annex A to the proxy statement accompanying this notice, (the “Merger
proposal”);

2. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote,
compensation that will or may become payable by DST to its named executive officers in connection
with the Merger contemplated by the Merger Agreement (the “merger-related compensation proposal”);
and

3. To consider and vote on the proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the Special Meeting to a
later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes
to adopt the Merger Agreement at the time of the Special Meeting (the “DST Adjournment proposal”).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 
TO BE HELD ON MARCH 28, 2018

Notice is hereby given that a special meeting of stockholders of DST Systems, Inc. (the “Special Meeting”),
a Delaware corporation (“DST”), will be held at DST’s Broadway Conference Center, 1055 Broadway Street,
Third Floor, Kansas City, MO 64105 on March 28, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time for the following purposes:

Your vote is very important to us. The merger is conditioned on the receipt of, and we cannot consummate
the merger unless the Merger proposal receives, the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of
DST common stock entitled to vote.

DST will transact no other business at the Special Meeting.

The affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of DST common stock outstanding and entitled to vote
thereon is required to approve the Merger proposal, provided a quorum is present. The affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast at the Special Meeting is required to approve the merger-related compensation
proposal, provided a quorum is present. The affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the Special
Meeting, whether or not a quorum is present, is required to approve the DST Adjournment proposal.

The failure of any stockholder of record to submit a signed proxy card, grant a proxy electronically over the
Internet or by telephone or to vote in person by ballot at the Special Meeting will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the Merger proposal, but will not have any effect on the DST Adjournment proposal or the merger-
related compensation proposal. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank
or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger
proposal, but will not have any effect on the DST Adjournment proposal or the merger-related compensation
proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Merger proposal, the DST
Adjournment proposal and the merger-related compensation proposal.

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 22, 2018 are entitled to notice of the
Special Meeting and to vote at the Special Meeting or at any adjournment or postponement thereof. A list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the Special Meeting will be available in our offices located at 333 W. 11th, 5th
Floor Kansas City, MO 64105 during regular business hours for a period of at least ten (10) days before the
Special Meeting and at the place of the Special Meeting during the meeting.



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 5/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Stockholders who do not vote in favor of the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement will have the right to
seek appraisal of the fair value of their shares of DST common stock if they deliver a demand for appraisal before
the vote is taken on the Merger Agreement and comply with all applicable requirements under Delaware law,
which are summarized herein and reproduced in their entirety in Annex C to the accompanying proxy statement.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the Merger proposal, (ii) “FOR” the
merger-related compensation proposal and (iii) “FOR” the DST Adjournment proposal.

By Order of the Board of Directors,

Randall D. Young 
Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary

Dated: February 27, 2018



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 6/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT

WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO ATTEND THE SPECIAL MEETING IN PERSON, WE
ENCOURAGE YOU TO SUBMIT YOUR PROXY AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE (1) BY TELEPHONE,
(2) THROUGH THE INTERNET OR (3) BY MARKING, SIGNING AND DATING THE ENCLOSED
PROXY CARD AND RETURNING IT IN THE POSTAGE-PAID ENVELOPE PROVIDED. You may revoke
your proxy or change your vote at any time before the special meeting. If your shares are held in the name of a
broker, bank or other nominee, please follow the instructions on the voting instruction card furnished to you by
such broker, bank or other nominee, which is considered the stockholder of record, in order to vote. As a
beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote the shares in
your account. Your broker, bank or other nominee cannot vote on any of the proposals, including the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement, without your instructions.

If you fail to return your proxy card, to grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or
to vote by ballot in person at the special meeting, your shares will not be counted for purposes of determining
whether a quorum is present at the special meeting. If you are a stockholder of record, voting in person by ballot
at the special meeting will revoke any proxy that you previously submitted. If you hold your shares through a
broker, bank or other nominee, you must obtain from the record holder a valid proxy issued in your name in order
to vote in person at the special meeting.

We encourage you to read the accompanying proxy statement, including all documents incorporated by
reference into the accompanying proxy statement, and annexes to the accompanying proxy statement, carefully
and in their entirety. If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or the accompanying
proxy statement, would like additional copies of the accompanying proxy statement or need help voting your
shares of common stock, please contact our proxy solicitor:

Innisfree M&A Incorporated 
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 
Toll-free: (888) 750-5835 

Banks & Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 7/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page

SUMMARY 1
Parties Involved in the Merger 1
Certain Effects of the Merger on DST 2
Effect on DST if the Merger is Not Completed 2
Merger Consideration 2
The Special Meeting 3
Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 4
Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor 4
Financing of the Merger 4
Treatment of Company Awards 6
Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger 7
Appraisal Rights 9
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 10
Regulatory Approvals 10
Transaction Litigation 10
No Solicitation 10
Change of Recommendation 11
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 12
Termination of the Merger Agreement 13
Termination Fee 13
Expenses Reimbursement 13
Expenses 14
Specific Performance 14
Market Prices and Dividend Data 14

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS 15
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 23
THE SPECIAL MEETING 25

Date, Time and Place 25
Purpose of the Special Meeting 25
Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum 25
Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes 25
Shares Held by DST’s Directors and Executive Officers 26
Voting of Proxies 26
Revocability of Proxies 27
Board of Directors’ Recommendation 27
Tabulation of Votes 27
Solicitation of Proxies 27
Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger 27

i



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 8/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

Attending the Special Meeting 28
Assistance 28
Rights of Stockholders Who Seek Appraisal 28

PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE MERGER 29
PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 30
THE MERGER 30

Certain Effects of the Merger on DST 30
Effect on DST if the Merger is Not Completed 30
Background of the Merger 30
Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger 39
Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor 43
Financial Forecast 52
Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger 54
Financing of the Merger 62
U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger 63
Regulatory Approvals 66

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT 68
Structure of the Merger 68
Closing and the Effective Time of the Merger 68
Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws 69
Merger Consideration 69
Representations and Warranties 72
Conduct of Business Pending the Merger 74
Additional Agreements 77
Other Covenants and Agreements 84
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger 85
Termination of the Merger Agreement 86
Expense Reimbursement 88
Expenses 88
Amendment and Waiver 88
Governing Law 89
Specific Performance 89

PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
ARRANGEMENTS 90
The Merger-Related Compensation Proposal 90
Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 90

PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING 91
The Adjournment Proposal 91
Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation 91

MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND DATA 92

ii



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 9/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT 93

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS 100

HOUSEHOLDING INFORMATION 101

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION 102

MISCELLANEOUS 104

iii



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 10/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information from this proxy statement related to the merger. This summary
may not contain all of the information that is important to you. To understand the merger more fully and for a
more complete description of the legal terms of the merger, you should read carefully this entire proxy statement,
the annexes to this proxy statement, including the merger agreement, and the documents incorporated by
reference in this proxy statement. You may obtain the documents and information incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement without charge by following the instructions under the section entitled “Where You Can Find
More Information” beginning on page 102. The merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement.

Except as otherwise specifically noted in this proxy statement or as the context otherwise requires, “DST,”
or “we,” “our,” “us” and similar words in this proxy statement refer to DST Systems, Inc. including, in certain
cases, its subsidiaries. Throughout this proxy statement we refer to SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. as
“SS&C” and to Diamond Merger Sub, Inc. as “Merger Sub”. In addition, throughout this proxy statement we
refer to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 11, 2018, as it may be amended from time to time,
among DST, SS&C and Merger Sub, as the “merger agreement”. All references to the “merger” refer to the
merger of Merger Sub with and into DST with DST surviving as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C.
DST, following completion of the merger, is sometimes referred to in this proxy statement as the “surviving
corporation”.

Parties Involved in the Merger (page 29)

DST Systems, Inc.

DST Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of specialized technology, strategic advisory, and business
operations outsourcing to the financial and healthcare industries. Combining unmatched industry knowledge,
critical infrastructure and service excellence, DST helps companies master complexity in the world’s most
demanding industries to ensure they continually stay ahead of and capitalize on ever-changing customer, business
and regulatory requirements.

DST’s principal executive offices are located at 333 W. 11th, 5th Floor Kansas City, MO 64105.

DST was formed in 1969. Through reorganization in August 1995, DST is a corporation organized in the
State of Delaware. DST’s common stock, par value $0.01 per share, which we refer to as DST common stock, is
currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange, which we refer to as the NYSE, under the symbol “DST.”

Additional information about DST and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement (see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 102) and on its website:
www.dstsystems.com. The information provided or accessible through DST’s website is not part of, or
incorporated by reference in, this proxy statement.

SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc.

SS&C is a leading provider of mission-critical, sophisticated software products and software-enabled
services that allow financial services providers to automate complex business processes and effectively manage
their information processing requirements. SS&C’s portfolio of software products and rapidly deployable
software-enabled services allows SS&C’s clients to automate and integrate front-office functions such as trading
and modeling, middle-office functions such as portfolio management and reporting, and back-office functions
such as accounting, performance measurement, reconciliation, reporting, processing and clearing. SS&C’s
solutions enable their clients to focus on core operations, better monitor and manage investment performance and
risk, improve operating efficiency and reduce operating costs.

SS&C’s principal executive offices are located at 80 Lamberton Road, Windsor, CT 06095.

SS&C was incorporated in Delaware in July 2005, as the successor to a corporation originally formed in
Connecticut in March 1986. SS&C’s common stock trades on The NASDAQ Global Select Market, which we
refer to as NASDAQ, under the symbol “SSNC.”

1



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 11/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Additional information about SS&C and its subsidiaries is included on its website: http://www.ssctech.com.
The information provided or accessible through SS&C’s website is not part of, or incorporated by reference in,
this proxy statement.

Diamond Merger Sub, Inc.

Merger Sub is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C, formed on
January 5, 2018 for the purpose of entering into the merger agreement and completing the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. Upon completion of the merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist.

Certain Effects of the Merger on DST (page 30)

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into
DST, with DST continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C.

Effect on DST if the Merger is Not Completed (page 30)

If the merger agreement is not adopted by DST stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any other
reason, DST stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares of DST common stock. Instead, DST will
remain a public company, DST’s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE and registered
under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which we refer to as the Exchange Act, and DST will continue to file
periodic reports with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, which we refer to as the SEC.

Under certain specified circumstances, DST will be required to pay SS&C a termination fee upon the
termination of the merger agreement, as described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — Termination Fees”
beginning on page 88.

Merger Consideration (page 69)

If the merger is completed, at the time at which the merger will become effective, which we refer to as the
effective time of the merger, and without any action on the part of the holder, each share of DST common stock
issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than (A) shares owned by
(i) SS&C, Merger Sub or DST (which will be cancelled), (ii) any direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of
DST or SS&C or (iii) stockholders who have properly demanded appraisal under the General Corporation Law of
the State of Delaware, which refer to as the DGCL, and have not failed to perfect, nor effectively withdrawn or
lost rights to appraisal under the DGCL, and (B) certain equity awards, the treatment of which is described under
the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests of the Directors
and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger — Treatment of Company Awards,” beginning on page 55, which,
in the case of clauses (A) and (B) we refer to collectively as excluded shares), will be converted into the right to
receive $84.00 per share in cash, which we refer to as the Merger Consideration, without interest and less any
applicable withholding taxes. All shares, when so converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
will automatically be cancelled and will cease to exist.

As described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the
Merger Agreement — Merger Consideration — Exchange Procedures” beginning on page 71, on the date of the
closing of the merger, SS&C shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with a designated paying agent, as needed,
cash to pay the Merger Consideration.

After the merger is completed, under the terms of the merger agreement, you will have the right to receive
the Merger Consideration, but you no longer will have any rights as a DST stockholder as a result of the merger
(except for the right to receive the Merger Consideration and except that stockholders who properly exercise and
perfect their demand for appraisal will instead have such rights as granted by Section 262 of the DGCL, as
described under the section entitled “Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 95).

2



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 12/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Special Meeting (page 25)

Date, Time and Place

The special meeting of our stockholders will be held at DST’s Broadway Conference Center, 1055
Broadway Street, Third Floor, Kansas City, MO 64105 on March 28, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time.

Purpose

At the special meeting, we will ask our stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 22,
2018 which we refer to as the record date, to vote on proposals (i) to adopt the merger agreement, thereby
approving the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, which we refer to as the
merger proposal, (ii) in accordance with Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued
thereunder, to approve, by means of a non-binding, advisory vote, certain compensation that will or may become
payable by DST to its named executive officers in connection with the completion of the merger, which we refer
to as the merger-related compensation proposal, and (iii) to approve one or more adjournments of the special
meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient
votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting, which we refer to as the adjournment
proposal.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote

You are entitled to vote at the special meeting if you owned shares of our common stock on the record date.
You will have one vote at the special meeting for each share of our common stock you owned at the close of
business on the record date.

Quorum

As of the record date, there were approximately 59,319,166 shares of DST common stock outstanding and
entitled to be voted at the special meeting. A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a special meeting. The
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, either
present in person or represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at the special meeting. As a result, 29,659,584
shares must be represented by proxy or by stockholders present and entitled to vote at the special meeting to have
a quorum.

Required Vote

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to
vote thereon is required to approve the merger proposal. Approval of the merger-related compensation proposal
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting. Approval of the adjournment
proposal, whether or not a quorum is present, requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the
special meeting.

Share Ownership of DST Directors and Executive Officers

At the close of business on February 22, 2018 the record date, DST directors and executive officers
beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in the aggregate, 793,907 shares of DST common stock (excluding
any shares of DST common stock that would be delivered upon exercise or conversion of stock options or other
equity-based awards), which represented approximately 1.33% of the outstanding shares of DST common stock
on that date. It is expected that DST’s directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the adoption
of the merger agreement, although none of them has entered into any agreement requiring them to do so.

Voting of Proxies

Any DST stockholder of record entitled to vote at the special meeting may submit a proxy by returning a
signed proxy card by mail or voting electronically over the Internet or by telephone, or may vote in person by
appearing at the special meeting. If your shares are held in a brokerage account at a brokerage firm, bank, broker-
dealer, or similar organization, then you are the “beneficial owner” of shares held in “street

3



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 13/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

name,” and you should instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares of DST
common stock using the instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. Under applicable stock
exchange rules, if you fail to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares, your broker,
bank or other nominee only has discretion to vote your shares on routine matters. Proposals 1, 2 and 3 in this
proxy statement are non-routine matters, and brokers, banks and other nominees therefore cannot vote on these
proposals without your instructions. Therefore, it is important that you cast your vote or instruct your broker,
bank or other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares.

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is
voted at the special meeting by submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the
date of the earlier submitted proxy, signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it to us prior to the
special meeting or attending the special meeting and voting in person. If you hold your shares of DST common
stock in “street name,” you should contact your broker, bank or other nominee for instructions regarding how to
change your vote.

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger (page 27)

The Board of Directors, after considering various factors described herein and after consultation with
independent legal and financial advisors, unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
DST and its stockholders, and adopted, approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the merger proposal,
(ii) “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and (iii) “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor (page 43)

In connection with the merger, Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated, which we refer to as
BofA Merrill Lynch, DST’s financial advisor, delivered to the Board of Directors a written opinion, dated
January 10, 2018, as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the opinion, to the holders
of DST common stock of the merger consideration to be received by such holders. The full text of the written
opinion, dated January 10, 2018, of BofA Merrill Lynch, which describes, among other things, the assumptions
made, procedures followed, factors considered and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex B
to this document and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. BofA Merrill Lynch provided its
opinion to the Board of Directors (in its capacity as such) for the benefit and use of the Board of Directors
in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the merger consideration from a financial point of
view. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger and no opinion or
view was expressed as to the relative merits of the merger in comparison to other strategies or transactions
that might be available to DST or in which DST might engage or as to the underlying business decision of
DST to proceed with or effect the merger. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not constitute a
recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote or act in connection with the proposed merger or
any other matter.

For a more complete description, please see the section of this proxy statement entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page
43.

Financing of the Merger (page 62)

The merger is not conditioned on SS&C’s ability to obtain financing. SS&C and Merger Sub have
represented to DST that they will have sufficient funds at the closing of the merger, which we refer to as the
closing, to pay all cash amounts required to be paid by SS&C and Merger Sub pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement, to pay any indebtedness of DST required to be repaid, redeemed, cancelled, terminated or otherwise
satisfied or discharged in connection with the merger, and any premiums and fees in connection therewith, and to
pay all fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by SS&C related to the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. SS&C expects to finance the merger through proceeds from debt financing and/or equity
financing. SS&C will use reasonable best efforts, to take, or cause to be

4



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 14/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to arrange and to obtain
the proceeds of the debt financing on the terms and conditions described in the commitment documents. DST
must use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with SS&C prior to closing, as reasonably requested by SS&C
and at SS&C’s sole expense, in its efforts to consummate the financing of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement.

Concurrently with the signing of the merger agreement, SS&C Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of SS&C, entered into a commitment letter, dated January 11, 2018, as amended and restated on
January 23, 2018 and as further amended and restated on February 15, 2018, which we refer to as the
Commitment Letter, with Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC,
Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., Barclays Bank PLC, Citigroup Global Markets Inc., Deutsche Bank AG
New York Branch, Deutsche Bank Securities Inc., Deutsche Bank AG Cayman Islands Branch, JPMorgan Chase
Bank N.A. and Royal Bank of Canada, which we collectively refer to as the Commitment Parties, in connection
with the merger. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter, the Commitment Parties have committed to provide to
SS&C Technologies, Inc. (a) senior secured credit facilities comprised of  (i) a senior secured term loan B facility
to be made available to SS&C Technologies, Inc., in an aggregate principal amount equal to $6.873 billion less
the aggregate principal amount of the Term B-2 Facility described below, which we refer to as the Term B-1
Facility, (ii) a senior secured term loan B facility to be made available to SS&C Technologies Holdings Europe
S.a r.L and SS&C European Holdings S.a r.L, each a wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C, in an aggregate
principal amount between $1.300 billion and $1.700 billion as determined by SS&C Technologies, Inc., which
we refer to as the Term Loan B-2 Facility, and together with the Term B-1 Facility, the Term Loan Facilities; and
(iii) a senior secured revolving credit facility to be made available to SS&C Technologies, Inc. in an aggregate
principal amount of  $250 million, which we refer to as the Revolving Facility and, together with the Term Loan
Facilities, the Senior Secured Credit Facilities; and (b) a senior unsecured bridge loan facility up to an aggregate
principal amount of $1.250 billion, which we refer to as the Bridge Facility, and together with the Senior Secured
Credit Facilities, the Debt Facilities to the extent the aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance of senior
unsecured notes, which we refer to as the Notes, in a public offering or private placement and/or the issuance of
shares of SS&C’s common stock, which we refer to as the Equity Securities, in a public offering is less than
$1.250 billion.

The aggregate amounts of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are subject to reduction on a dollar-for-dollar
basis to the extent SS&C is able to enter into an amendment to its credit agreement, dated as of July 8, 2015, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, by and among SS&C, SS&C
Technologies, Inc., SS&C Technologies Holdings Europe S.a r.L and SS&C European Holdings S.a r.L, the
lenders from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, as
described in the Commitment Letter.

The aggregate amounts of the Term B-1 Facility and the Bridge Facility are subject to reduction on a dollar-
for-dollar basis to the extent SS&C is able to enter into a successful consent solicitation to its Indenture, dated as
of July 8, 2015, by and among SS&C, certain of its subsidiaries and Wilmington Trust, National Association, that
governs its existing senior notes, as described in the Commitment Letter.

The Commitments Parties’ obligations to provide the Debt Facilities are subject to a number of customary
conditions precedent, including entry into customary documentation and completion of a customary marketing
period.

The Commitment Parties’ commitments with respect to the Debt Facilities will terminate on the earliest of 
(a) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on July 11, 2018, which we refer to as the Outside Date, (provided, that if the
end date has been extended under the merger agreement, the Outside Date shall be November 11, 2018), unless
on or prior to such time the transactions have been consummated, (ii) the Commitment Parties’ commitments
with respect to the Bridge Facility only, on a dollar-for-dollar basis on the date of the issuance of the Notes
(including into escrow) and/or Equity Securities in lieu of a borrowing thereunder, (iii) the date of termination of
the merger agreement or (iv) the consummation of the acquisition without the use of the Senior Secured Credit
Facilities or the Bridge Facility.

SS&C currently intends to finance (a) the payment of the merger consideration and associated fees and
expenses, (b) the refinancing of the indebtedness outstanding under SS&C’s and DST’s existing credit

5



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 15/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agreements, indentures and note purchase agreements and (c) the payment of fees and expenses with respect to
the merger and the financing with (i) cash on hand and (ii) proceeds from the Debt Facilities and/or the issuance
of Notes and/or Equity Securities, as applicable.

Treatment of Company Awards (page 55)

The merger agreement provides that DST’s equity awards that are outstanding immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger will be subject to the following treatment at the effective time of the merger:

Treatment of Options

Upon completion of the merger, each option with respect to shares of DST common stock, which we refer to
as an Option, that is outstanding, vested and unexercised as of immediately prior to the closing will be cancelled
and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as reasonably practicable following the
closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) equal to the product of  (x) the
excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration (without interest) over the exercise price per share of DST common
stock of such vested option, multiplied by (y) the number of shares of DST common stock subject to such vested
option less applicable withholding taxes. Each vested Option with an exercise price equal to or greater than the
Merger Consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the effective time of the merger without payment of
any consideration.

Upon completion of the merger, each unvested Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the
closing will be converted automatically into an option to purchase the number of shares of SS&C common stock,
which we refer to as a Rollover Option, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of
shares of DST common stock subject to such unvested Option immediately prior to the closing by (y) the Equity
Award Exchange Ratio, which is the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Merger Consideration by (b) the
average, rounded to the nearest one ten thousandth, of the closing-sale prices of SS&C common stock on
NASDAQ as reported by The Wall Street Journal for the ten full trading days ending on (and including) the
trading day preceding the closing, rounded to the nearest one ten thousandth, with any fractional shares rounded
down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Rollover Option will have an exercise price per share of
SS&C common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (1) the per share exercise price for the
shares of DST common stock subject to such unvested Option divided by (2) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio.
Each Rollover Option will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested
Option under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement.

Treatment of Performance Stock Units

Upon completion of the merger, each vested performance stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to
the closing will be cancelled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as
practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) equal to
the product of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST common stock that would be
delivered in respect of such vested performance stock unit based on actual performance through to the effective
date of the merger, subject to any required tax withholding); provided, that to the extent that any such vested
performance stock unit constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A of the Internal
Revenue Code, which we refer to as Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid in accordance with the
applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the terms of the award that will not result in the
application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A.

Upon completion of the merger, each unvested performance stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior
to the closing will be converted automatically into a restricted stock unit with respect to a number of shares of
SS&C common stock, which we refer to as a Rollover PSU, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the
number of shares of DST common stock that would be delivered in respect of such unvested performance stock
unit based on actual projected performance through to the effective date of the merger (equal to 124% of target
for performance stock units granted in 2016, and 200% of target for performance stock units granted in 2017) by
(y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional

6



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 16/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Rollover PSU will otherwise be subject to
the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested performance stock unit under the applicable DST stock
plan and award agreement, including time-vesting requirements, but excluding any performance-vesting
requirements.

Treatment of Restricted Stock Units

Upon completion of the merger, each vested restricted stock unit outstanding immediately prior to the
closing will be canceled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as practicable
following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) equal to the product
of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST common stock subject to the vested
restricted stock unit (subject to any required tax withholding); provided, that to the extent that any such vested
restricted stock unit constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the cash payment will
be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the terms of the
award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A.

Upon completion of the merger, each unvested restricted stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to
the closing (including restricted stock units that will comprise the annual equity awards to be granted by DST in
February 2018) will be converted automatically into a restricted stock unit with respect to a number of shares of
SS&C common stock, which we refer to as a Rollover RSU, equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the
total number of shares of DST common stock subject to the unvested restricted stock unit immediately prior to
the closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the next lower
whole number of shares. Each Rollover RSU will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions
applicable to the unvested restricted stock unit under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement.

Treatment of Cash Awards

Each vested long-term cash award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing will be cancelled
at the closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as practicable
following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) in the amount set
forth in the applicable notice of grant and award agreement; provided, that to the extent that any such vested
long-term cash award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the cash payment will
be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the terms of the
award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A. Each unvested long-term cash
award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing will remain outstanding and subject to the same
terms and conditions as in effect immediately prior to the closing.

Treatment of Rollover Equity Under DST Stock Plans

Pursuant to the terms of DST’s stock plans, which include the DST Systems, Inc. 2015 Equity and Incentive
Plan, which we refer to as the 2015 Plan, and the DST Systems, Inc. 2005 Equity and Incentive Plan, which we
refer to as the 2005 Plan, the vesting of each Rollover Option, Rollover RSU and Rollover PSU outstanding as of
the date of the merger agreement, including Rollover Options, Rollover RSUs, and Rollover PSUs held by any
executive officer, will accelerate and vest in the event of a qualifying termination of employment that occurs
during the three-year period following the change in control.

Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger (page 54)

When considering the recommendation of the Board of Directors that you vote to approve the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement, you should be aware that our directors and executive officers may have interests in
the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. The Board of Directors
was aware of and considered these interests to the extent such interests existed at the time, among other matters,
in evaluating and overseeing the negotiation of the merger agreement, in approving the merger agreement and the
merger and in recommending that the merger agreement be adopted by the stockholders of DST. These interests
may include the following:

7



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 17/196

• Continued indemnification and directors’ and officers’ liability insurance to be provided by the
surviving corporation for a period of six years from the effective time of the merger.

• The treatment of outstanding equity awards described above under the section entitled “Summary — 
Treatment of Company Awards” beginning on page 6.

• The entitlement of Stephen C. Hooley and Randall D. Young to receive payments and benefits upon
certain terminations of employment under their respective employment agreements with DST, as
follows:

• Triggering Events following a Change in Control: Under each employment agreement, during the
three years after a change in control, which we refer to as the Severance Period, if the executive’s
employment is terminated by DST without cause or if the executive resigns for good reason, then
the executive is entitled to receive the following amounts:

• Cash Severance: The executive is entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to the salary the
executive would have received for the remainder of the Severance Period (but in no event less
than one year salary).

• Benefit Continuation and Annual Incentives: Mr. Hooley and Mr. Young are entitled to continued
participation in DST’s benefit plans for the Severance Period on the basis of the executive’s
participation on the date of the change in control, or if any plan would not permit continued
participation, a lump sum cash payment equal to the amount of the benefits the executive would
have received if he was fully vested and a continuing participant in such plan through the
Severance Period. With respect to annual incentives, the lump sum would equal the aggregate
amount of the annual incentives the executive would have received during the Severance Period,
assuming target achievement (prorated for the final performance year if the period ends partially
through a performance year).

• Certain 280G Gross-ups and Best-Net Cutback Provisions: Messrs. Hooley and Young’s
employment agreements provide that they are eligible for a gross-up payment relating to the
golden parachute payment tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code, which we
refer to as the Code. Any gross-up payment is intended to put the executive in the same after-tax
position as if he had not been subject to the parachute tax. For Mr. Hooley, the potential parachute
payment is generally subject to a scaleback equal to the largest amount that can be paid without
triggering the parachute tax. If the payment is scaled back, there would be no parachute tax and no
gross-up payment. However, if Mr. Hooley would retain, after tax, more than 120% of the amount
he would retain if the potential parachute payments were scaled back, the cap does not apply and
he is entitled to a gross-up payment, not to exceed five times the parachute tax.

• Separation Agreements. Messrs. Hooley and Young have each entered into a separation
agreement, which we refer to collectively as the separation agreements. Under the separation
agreements, upon the effective time of the merger, Messrs. Hooley and Young’s employment with
DST will be terminated for “good reason” (pursuant to their employment agreements as described
above). In satisfaction of all obligations of DST under their employment agreements (as described
above), Messrs. Hooley and Young will receive the cash severance and benefits described above
on the closing date. In addition, in lieu of conversion of any of Messrs. Hooley and Young’s
outstanding RSUs and PSUs into SS&C equity awards, such awards shall be converted into cash
(based upon a cash price of  $84.00 per share) and paid in a cash lump sum on the closing date,
provided, that to the extent that any such cash award constitutes nonqualified deferred
compensation under Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid subject to any six month delay
required by Section 409A.

• The entitlement of certain executive officers, including Gregg Wm. Givens, Jonathan J. Boehm, Vercie
L. Lark, Edmund J. Burke, Maria Mann and Mary E. Sweetman, to receive payments and benefits upon
qualifying terminations of employment under the DST Systems, Inc. Executive Severance Plan, which
we refer to as the Executive Severance Plan, as follows:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

8



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 18/196

• Triggering Events following a Change in Control: During the two years following a change in
control, an executive who is involuntarily terminated by DST without cause and other than as a
result of the executive’s death or disability, or who is terminated as a result of a constructive
termination will be entitled to receive the following amounts:

• Cash Payment: DST will pay the executive within sixty days of the qualifying termination, a
single lump sum cash payment equal to: (1) two times the executive’s annual base salary as
of the date of termination; (2) two times the executive’s target annual bonus amount; (3) two
times the DST-paid portion of the COBRA continuation premium costs to cover the executive
and the executive’s dependents for twelve months; plus (4) a pro rata portion of the annual
incentive bonus that the executive would have received for the performance year during
which the executive’s termination occurred, assuming target level achievement of
performance goals.

• Outplacement Services: DST will reimburse the executive for all reasonable outplacement
counseling services during the eighteen month period following the qualifying termination,
up to $25,000.

• Reimbursement of Certain Taxes: DST will cut back the executive’s parachute payment if
such cutback is more favorable to the executive than application of the excise taxes.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If the proposal to adopt the merger agreement is approved by our stockholders and the merger closes, under
the terms of the merger agreement, any shares of DST common stock held by our directors and executive
officers, including such shares held following the vesting or settlement of equity and equity-based awards, will be
treated in the same manner as outstanding shares of DST common stock held by all other stockholders of DST
entitled to receive the per share merger consideration.

Appraisal Rights (page 95)

Any shares of DST common stock that are issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of
the merger and as to which the holders thereof have not voted in favor of the merger and are entitled to demand
and properly demand appraisal of such shares of DST common stock pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL and,
as of the effective time of the merger, have neither failed to perfect, nor effectively withdrawn or lost rights to
appraisal under the DGCL, which we refer to as dissenting shares, will not be converted into the right to receive
the per share merger consideration, unless and until such holder will have effectively withdrawn or lost such
holder’s right to appraisal under the DGCL, at which time such shares of DST common stock will be treated as if
they had been converted into and become exchangeable for the right to receive, as of the effective time of the
merger, the per share merger consideration, without interest and after giving effect to any required tax
withholdings, and such DST shares will not be deemed dissenting shares, and such holder thereof will cease to
have any other rights with respect to such DST shares. Each holder of dissenting shares will only be entitled to
such consideration as may be due with respect to such dissenting shares pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL.

To exercise your appraisal rights, you must submit a written demand for appraisal to DST before the vote is
taken on the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, you must not submit a blank proxy or otherwise vote in
favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and you must continue to hold the shares of DST common
stock of record through the effective time of the merger. Your failure to follow the procedures specified under the
DGCL will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. The DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal rights are
described in further detail in this proxy statement, and the relevant section of the DGCL regarding appraisal
rights is reproduced and attached as Annex C to this proxy statement. If you hold your shares of DST common
stock through a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with
your broker, bank or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for
appraisal by such broker, bank or other nominee. Stockholders should refer to the discussion under the section
entitled “Appraisal Rights” beginning on page 95 and the DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal rights
reproduced and attached as Annex C to this proxy statement.

9



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 19/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 63)

The exchange of DST common stock for cash pursuant to the merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, a U.S. holder (as defined in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 63) of
DST common stock who exchanges shares of DST common stock for cash in the merger generally will recognize
gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received with respect to such
shares and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such shares. If you are a non-U.S. holder, the merger generally
will not result in tax to you under U.S. federal income tax laws unless you have certain connections with the
United States.

This proxy statement contains a general discussion of U.S. federal income tax consequences of the
merger. This description does not address any non-U.S. tax consequences, nor does it pertain to state, local
or other tax consequences. Consequently, you are urged to contact your own tax advisor to determine the
particular tax consequences to you of the merger.

Regulatory Approvals (page 65)

DST and SS&C have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other party in taking
any and all actions, and to do all things reasonably necessary, appropriate or desirable, to consummate and make
effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including obtaining any
requisite approvals. These approvals include approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act
of 1976, which we refer to as the HSR Act, the competition law of Ireland, the Financial Industry Regulatory
Authority, which we refer to as FINRA, the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority, which we refer to as
the FCA, the Central Bank of Ireland and Luxembourg’s Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.
Although we expect that all required regulatory clearances and approvals will be obtained, we cannot assure you
that these regulatory clearances and approvals will be timely obtained or obtained at all, or that the granting of
these regulatory clearances and approvals will not involve the imposition of additional conditions on the
completion of the merger, including the requirement to divest assets, or require changes to the terms of the
merger agreement. These conditions or changes could result in the conditions to the closing of the merger not
being satisfied.

Transaction Litigation (page 83)

Subject to entry into a customary joint defense agreement, DST will give prompt notice to SS&C of
litigation relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, keep SS&C
reasonably informed and give SS&C the opportunity to consult with DST and participate in the defense or
settlement of any stockholder litigation against DST or any of its subsidiaries and/or any of their respective
directors or officers. DST will not compromise, settle, offer to compromise or settle or come to an arrangement
regarding any such stockholder litigation without SS&C’s prior written consent (such consent not to be
unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

No Solicitation (page 77)

As of the date of the merger agreement, DST agreed to immediately cease any existing solicitations,
discussions or negotiations with any parties that may have been ongoing with respect to an alternative proposal
(as described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger
Agreement — Additional Agreements — No Solicitation” beginning on page 77) or any proposal that would be
reasonably expected to result in an alternative proposal.

Under the merger agreement, DST is generally not permitted to solicit or discuss alternative proposals with
third parties, subject to certain exceptions.

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, DST may not, and has agreed to cause its
subsidiaries and its and its subsidiaries’ directors, officers, managers and employees not to, and has agreed to
instruct, and use reasonable best efforts to cause, its and its subsidiaries’ representatives not to, directly or
indirectly:

10



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 20/196

• solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage any inquiry, discussion, offer or request
that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an alternative proposal (it being
understood and agreed that ministerial acts that are not otherwise prohibited (such as answering
unsolicited phone calls, but not proceeding to engage in a substantive conversation) shall not be
deemed to “facilitate”);

• furnish non-public information regarding DST or any of its subsidiaries or afford access to the
business, properties, assets, books or records of DST or any of its subsidiaries to any person in
connection with an alternative proposal;

• enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to an alternative
proposal;

• approve, agree to, accept, endorse or recommend any alternative proposal;

• effect any adverse recommendation change (as defined under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption
of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of
Recommendation” beginning on page 79);

• enter into any agreement, letter of intent, term sheet or other similar instrument providing for any
alternative proposal (except for confidentiality agreements that meet certain conditions);

• fail to enforce or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to
any class of equity securities of DST or any of its subsidiaries; or

• approve any transaction under, or any person becoming an “interested stockholder” under, Section 203
of the DGCL.

• furnish non-public information to and afford access to the business, employees, officers, contracts,
properties, assets, books and records of DST and its subsidiaries to any person in response to such
alternative proposal, pursuant to the prior execution of a confidentiality agreement that meets certain
conditions; and

• enter into and maintain discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to such alternative
proposal.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

At any time before the special meeting, in the event that DST receives a bona fide alternative proposal from
any third party that was not solicited in violation of the merger agreement by DST and that the Board of Directors
determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that such
alternative proposal constitutes or could reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal and that the failure
to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the Board of Directors’ exercise of their
fiduciary duties under applicable law, DST may:

Change of Recommendation (page 79)

The Board of Directors has made the recommendation that the holders of shares of DST common stock vote
“FOR” the merger proposal.

The merger agreement provides that the Board of Directors may generally not effect a change of
recommendation. However, prior to the special meeting, the Board of Directors, in certain circumstances and
subject to certain limitations set forth in the merger agreement may (i) make an adverse recommendation (as
defined in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger
Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of Recommendation”) in connection with an alternative
proposal (as defined in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the
Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — No Solicitation”) that constitutes a superior proposal (as defined
in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — 
Additional Agreements — No Solicitation”) or in connection with an intervening event that was not known to or
reasonably foreseeable to DST as of prior to the date of the merger agreement, or (ii) cause DST to terminate the
merger agreement in order to enter into a definitive agreement relating to an alternative proposal that constitutes a
superior proposal, in each case, as more fully described in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the
Merger Agreement — 

11



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 21/196

• receipt of DST stockholder approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby;

• no applicable law or judgment, preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal restraint or
prohibition and no action, proceeding, binding order or determination by any governmental entity shall
be in effect or pending that prevents or seeks to prevent, enjoins, makes illegal or prohibits the
consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

• the waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the merger under the HSR Act has been
terminated or has expired and any required filings, consents, approvals, authorizations, clearances or
other actions under the antitrust laws applicable to the merger in Ireland shall have been made, obtained
or taken, and any applicable waiting periods thereunder shall have expired or been terminated;

• all of the required financial regulatory approvals (described under the section entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Regulatory Approvals” beginning on page 65)
shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect;

• FINRA shall have approved each application filed by a broker-dealer pursuant to the terms of the
merger agreement (described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — The Merger — Regulatory Approvals” beginning on page 65);

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of Recommendation” and in each case,
subject to specified obligations to SS&C to negotiate and consider in good faith any revisions to the merger
agreement proposed by SS&C as more fully described in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of Recommendations.”

If the Board of Directors makes an adverse recommendation change under the merger agreement, SS&C
may terminate the merger agreement and receive a termination fee from DST as further described under
“Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the
Merger Agreement — Termination Fees” beginning on page 88.

The merger agreement provides that the Board of Directors may generally not effect a change of
recommendation. However, prior to obtaining stockholder approval, the Board of Directors, in certain
circumstances and subject to certain limitations set forth in the merger agreement may make an adverse
recommendation in connection with an alternative proposal that constitutes a superior proposal or in connection
with an intervening event that was not known to or reasonably expected by the Board of Directors as of prior to
the date of the merger agreement. If the Board of Directors makes an adverse recommendation change under the
merger agreement, SS&C may terminate the merger agreement and receive a termination fee from DST as further
described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger
Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — Termination Fees” beginning on page 88.

Prior to obtaining stockholder approval, the Board of Directors may also, in certain circumstances and
subject to certain limitations set forth in the merger agreement, cause DST to terminate the merger agreement in
order to enter into a definitive agreement relating to an alternative proposal that constitutes a superior proposal, in
each case, subject to specified obligations to SS&C to negotiate and consider in good faith any revisions to the
merger agreement proposed by SS&C.

For a more complete description, please see the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of Recommendations”
beginning on page 79.

Conditions to the Closing of the Merger (page 85)

The following are some of the conditions that must be satisfied or waived before the merger may be
consummated:

12



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 22/196

• the accuracy of the representations and warranties of DST, SS&C and Merger Sub in the merger
agreement, subject in some instances to materiality or “material adverse effect” qualifiers, as of the
closing date of the merger;

• the performance in all material respects by DST, on the one hand, and SS&C and Merger Sub, on the
other hand, of their respective obligations under the merger agreement at or prior to the closing; and

• the receipt by DST and SS&C of a certificate of an executive officer of the other party, certifying that
the respective conditions relating to such party set forth in the preceding bullet points have been
satisfied.

• by the mutual written consent of SS&C and DST;
• by either SS&C or DST:

• if the merger is not consummated on or before July 11, 2018, which we refer to as the end date,
unless all conditions are satisfied other than regulatory approvals, in which case, either DST or
SS&C may extend the end date to November 11, 2018;

• upon the issuance by any governmental entity of a final and non-appealable legal restraint making
the transactions illegal; or

• if the requisite affirmative vote of DST’s stockholders is not obtained at the meeting of the
stockholders or any adjournment or postponement thereof.

• by DST:
• prior to receipt of the requisite affirmative vote of DST’s stockholders, in order to enter into a

definitive written agreement providing for a superior proposal, provided that DST pays a
termination fee of  $165 million to SS&C prior to or simultaneously with such termination; or

• if SS&C or Merger Sub has breached any representation, warranty or covenant, such that the
conditions relating to the accuracy of SS&C and Merger Sub’s representations and warranties or
performance of covenants would fail to be satisfied (subject to a 30 day cure period).

• by SS&C:
• prior to the meeting of DST’s stockholders in the event that the Board of Directors makes an

adverse recommendation change; or
• if DST has breached any representation, warranty or covenant, such that the conditions relating to

the accuracy of DST’s representations and warranties or performance of covenants would fail to
be satisfied (subject to a 30 day cure period).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Termination of the Merger Agreement (page 86)

The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the
effective time of the merger:

Termination Fee (page 88)

Under the merger agreement, DST will be required to pay a termination fee of  $165 million in connection
with a termination of the merger agreement under specified circumstances. In no event will DST be required to
pay the termination fees described above on more than one occasion.

Expenses Reimbursement (page 88)

If DST fails promptly to pay any amount due to SS&C in connection with a termination described above, it
shall also pay any costs and expenses incurred by SS&C or Merger Sub in connection with a legal action to
enforce the merger agreement that results in a judgment against DST for such amount, together with interest on
the amount of any unpaid fee, cost or expense at the publicly announced prime rate of Citibank, N.A. from the
date that such fee, cost or expense was required to be paid to (but excluding) the payment date.

13



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 23/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Expenses (page 88)

Except for the provisions described above under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Expense Reimbursement” beginning on page 88 and as
specifically provided in the merger agreement, each party will bear its own expenses in connection with the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby.

Specific Performance (page 89)

The parties are entitled to injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of the merger agreement
and to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of the merger agreement in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or equity.

Market Prices and Dividend Data (page 92)

On January 9, 2018, the last trading day prior to the market rumors of a potential transaction, the closing
price of our common stock was $65.15 per share. On February 22, 2018 the latest practicable trading day before
the printing of this proxy statement, the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was $83.04 per share.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, from January 11, 2018 until the effective time of the merger, DST
may not declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its capital
stock, other equity interests or voting securities without SS&C’s prior written consent.

Neither the SEC nor any state securities regulatory agency has approved or disapproved of the
transactions described in this document, including the merger, or determined if the information contained
in this document is accurate or adequate. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offense.

14



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 24/196

Q: Why am I receiving these materials?

A: On January 11, 2018, DST entered into the merger agreement providing for the merger of Merger Sub, with
and into DST, with DST surviving the merger as an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C. The Board
of Directors is furnishing this proxy statement and form of proxy card to the holders of DST common stock
in connection with the solicitation of proxies in favor of the proposal to adopt the merger agreement and to
approve the other proposals to be voted on at the special meeting.

Q: What is the proposed merger and what effects will it have on DST?

A: The proposed merger is the acquisition of DST by SS&C through the merger of Merger Sub with and into
DST pursuant to the merger agreement. If the proposal to adopt the merger agreement is approved by the
requisite number of holders of DST common stock and the other closing conditions under the merger
agreement have been satisfied or waived, Merger Sub will merge with and into DST, with DST continuing
as the surviving corporation. As a result of the merger, DST will become a wholly owned indirect subsidiary
of SS&C and you will no longer own shares of DST common stock. DST expects to de-list its common
stock from the NYSE and de-register its common stock under the Exchange Act. Thereafter, DST would no
longer be a publicly traded company.

Q: What will I receive if the merger is completed?

A: Upon completion of the merger, you will be entitled to receive the per share merger consideration of $84.00
in cash, without interest, for each share of DST common stock that you own, unless you have properly
exercised and perfected and not withdrawn your demand for appraisal rights under the DGCL with respect
to such shares. For example, if you own 100 shares of DST common stock, you will receive $8,400.00 in
cash in exchange for your shares of DST common stock, less any applicable withholding taxes. In no case
will you own shares in the surviving corporation.

Q: When and where is the special meeting?

A: The special meeting will take place on March 28, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time at DST’s Broadway
Conference Center, 1055 Broadway Street, Third Floor, Kansas City, MO 64105.

Q: Who is entitled to vote at the special meeting?

A: Only DST stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 22, 2018 or their duly appointed
proxies, and “street name” holders (whose shares are held through a broker, bank or other nominee) are
entitled to notice of the special meeting and to vote at the special meeting or at any adjournments or
postponements thereof. Each holder of DST common stock is entitled to cast one vote on each matter
properly brought before the special meeting for each share of DST common stock that such holder owned as
of the record date.

Q: May I attend the special meeting and vote in person?

A: Yes. All stockholders as of the record date may attend the special meeting and vote in person. Seating will
be limited. Stockholders will need to present proof of ownership of DST common stock, such as a recent
bank or brokerage account statement, and a form of personal identification to be admitted to the special
meeting. No cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be
permitted in the special meeting. Even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person, we encourage you
to complete, sign, date and return the enclosed proxy card or vote

TABLE OF CONTENTS

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS

The following questions and answers are intended to address some commonly asked questions regarding the
merger, the merger agreement and the special meeting. These questions and answers may not address all
questions that may be important to you as a DST stockholder. We encourage you to read carefully the more
detailed information contained elsewhere in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement, including
the merger agreement, and the documents we incorporate by reference in this proxy statement. You may obtain
the documents and information incorporated by reference in this proxy statement without charge by following the
instructions under the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 102. The
merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this proxy statement.

15



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 25/196

Q: What matters am I being asked to vote on at the special meeting?

A: You are being asked to consider and vote on the following proposals:

• To adopt the merger agreement, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into DST, and DST
will become a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C;

• To approve, by a non-binding, advisory vote, compensation that will or may become payable by DST to
its named executive officers in connection with the merger; and

• To approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting to a later date or dates, if necessary or
appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at
the time of the special meeting.

Q: How does DST’s Board of Directors recommend that I vote?

A: The Board of Directors, after considering various factors described under the section entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and
Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 39 and after consultation with independent legal and financial
advisors, determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
including the merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of DST and its stockholders, and
adopted, approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. The Board of Directors’ determination was unanimous.

• “FOR” the merger proposal;

• “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal; and

• “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Q: How does the per share merger consideration compare to the market price of DST common stock
prior to the date on which market rumors of a potential transaction occurred?

A: The per share merger consideration represents a premium of  (i) approximately 29% to DST’s closing stock
price on January 9, 2018, the last trading day prior to the market rumors of a potential transaction, (ii)
approximately 35% to the volume weighted average stock price of our common stock during the thirty (30)
days ended January 9, 2018 and (iii) approximately 29% to the highest stock price of our common stock
during the fifty-two (52) week period ended January 9, 2018.

Q: Will DST continue to pay a quarterly dividend until the completion of the merger?

A: Under the terms of the merger agreement, from January 11, 2018 until the effective time of the merger, DST
may not declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions in respect of, any of its
capital stock, other equity interests or voting securities without SS&C’s prior written consent.

Q: Does SS&C have the financial resources to complete the merger?

A: Yes. SS&C and Merger Sub have represented to DST that they will have sufficient funds at the closing to
pay all cash amounts required to be paid by SS&C and Merger Sub pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement, to pay any indebtedness of DST required to be repaid, redeemed, cancelled, terminated or
otherwise satisfied or discharged in connection with the merger and any premiums and fees in connection
therewith and to pay all fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by SS&C related to the transactions
contemplated by the merger. In connection with the execution of the merger

TABLE OF CONTENTS

electronically over the Internet or via telephone to ensure that your shares will be represented at the special
meeting. If you attend the special meeting and vote in person, your vote by ballot will revoke any proxy
previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” because you are not the stockholder of
record, you may not vote your shares in person at the special meeting unless you request and obtain a valid
proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee.

The Board of Directors recommend that you vote

16



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 26/196

Q: What do I need to do now?

A: We encourage you to read this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy statement, including the merger
agreement, and the documents we refer to in this proxy statement carefully and consider how the merger
affects you. Then complete, sign, date and return, as promptly as possible, the enclosed proxy card in the
accompanying reply envelope or grant your proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone, so that
your shares can be voted at the special meeting. If you hold your shares in “street name,” please refer to the
voting instruction forms provided by your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares.

Q: Should I send in my stock certificates now?

A: No. After the merger is completed, under the terms of the merger agreement, you will receive shortly
thereafter the letter of transmittal instructing you to send your stock certificates to the paying agent in order
to receive the cash payment of the per share merger consideration for each share of your common stock
represented by the stock certificates. You should use the letter of transmittal to exchange your stock
certificates for the cash payment to which you are entitled upon completion of the merger. Please do not
send in your stock certificates now.

Q: I do not know where my stock certificates are, how will I get the merger consideration for my shares
of DST common stock?

A: If the merger is completed, the transmittal materials you will receive after the completion of the merger will
include the procedures that you must follow if you cannot locate your stock certificates. This will include an
affidavit that you will need to sign attesting the loss of your stock certificates. You may also be required to
post a bond as indemnity against any potential loss.

Q: What happens if I sell or otherwise transfer my shares of DST common stock after the record date but
before the special meeting?

A: The record date for the special meeting is earlier than the date of the special meeting and the date the merger
is expected to be completed. If you sell or transfer your shares of your DST common stock after the record
date but before the special meeting, unless special arrangements (such as the provision of a proxy) are made
between you and the person to whom you sell or otherwise transfer your shares and each of you notifies
DST in writing of such special arrangements, you will transfer the right to receive the per share merger
consideration if the merger is completed to the person to whom you sell or transfer your shares of DST
common stock, but you will retain your right to vote these shares at the special meeting. Even if you sell or
otherwise transfer your shares of DST common stock after the record date, we encourage you to
complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy card or vote via the Internet or telephone.

Q: When do you expect the merger to be completed?

A: We are working toward completing the merger as quickly as possible and currently expect to complete the
merger before the end of the second quarter of calendar year 2018. However, the exact timing of completion
of the merger cannot be predicted because the completion of the merger is subject to conditions, including
the adoption of the merger agreement by our stockholders and the receipt of regulatory approvals.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agreement, SS&C has delivered to DST a copy of the executed debt commitment letter, dated as of
January 11, 2018 and amended and restated as of January 23, 2018 and as further amended and restated on
February 15, 2018, providing for debt financing in an aggregate principal amount equal to $7.123 billion. In
addition SS&C intends to finance the acquisition with $1.250 billion in aggregate gross proceeds from the
issuance of senior unsecured senior notes in a public offering or private placement and/or the issuance of
shares of SS&C’s common stock in a public offering, and to the extent that the aggregate gross proceeds
from the issuance of such notes and/or equity securities is less than $1.250 billion, a senior unsecured bridge
loan facility up to an aggregate principal amount of $1.250 billion is available to SS&C pursuant to the
terms of the debt commitment letter.

17



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 27/196

Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?

A: If the merger agreement is not adopted by DST stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any other
reason, DST stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares of DST common stock. Instead, DST
will remain an independent public company, your shares of DST common stock will continue to be listed
and traded on the NYSE and registered under the Exchange Act and DST will continue to file periodic
reports with the SEC.

Q: Are there any other risks to me from the merger that I should consider?

A: Yes. There are risks associated with all business combinations, including the merger. See the section entitled
“Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 23.

Q: Do any of DST’s directors or officers have interests in the merger that may differ from those of DST
stockholders generally?

A: Yes. For a description of the interests of our directors and executive officers in the merger, see “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of
DST in the Merger” beginning on page 54.

A: The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to
vote thereon is required to approve the merger proposal. As of the record date, there were approximately
59,319,166 shares of DST common stock issued and outstanding. Each holder of DST common stock is
entitled to one vote per share of stock owned by such holder as of the record date.

Q: What vote is required to approve the merger-related compensation proposal and the adjournment
proposal?

A: Approval of the merger-related compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast at the special meeting.

Q: What happens if the merger-related compensation proposal is not approved?

A: Approval of the merger-related compensation proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger. The
vote is an advisory vote and is not binding. Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote, if
the merger is completed, DST may still pay such compensation to its named executive officers in
accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to such compensation.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Under specified circumstances, DST will be required to pay SS&C a termination fee upon the termination of
the merger agreement, as described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — Termination
Fees” beginning on page 88.

Q: What vote is required to adopt the merger agreement?

The failure of any stockholder of record to submit a signed proxy card, grant a proxy electronically over the
Internet or by telephone or to vote in person by ballot at the special meeting will have the same effect as a
vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. If you hold your shares in “street name,” the
failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will have the same effect
as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement. An abstention will also have the same
effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal to adopt the merger agreement.

Approval of the adjournment proposal, whether or not a quorum is present, requires the affirmative vote of a
majority of the votes cast at the special meeting.

The failure of any stockholder of record to submit a signed proxy card, grant a proxy electronically over the
Internet or by telephone or to vote in person by ballot at the special meeting will not have any effect on the
merger-related compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. If you hold your shares in “street
name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares will not have
any effect on the merger-related compensation proposal or the adjournment proposal. An abstention will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger-related compensation proposal and the adjournment
proposal.

18



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 28/196

Q: What constitutes a quorum?

A: As of the record date, there were 59,319,166 shares of DST common stock outstanding and entitled to vote
at the special meeting. The presence, either in person or represented by proxy, of the holders of a majority of
the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting will constitute a quorum
at the special meeting. As a result, in order to have a quorum at the special meeting, at least 29,659,584
shares of our common stock must be represented by stockholders present in person or by proxy at the special
meeting. Abstentions (which are described below) will count for the purpose of determining the presence of
a quorum for the transaction of business at the special meeting.

Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?

A: If your shares are registered directly in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company,
N.A., you are considered, with respect to those shares, to be the “stockholder of record.” In this case, this
proxy statement and your proxy card have been sent directly to you by DST.

Q: How may I vote?

A: If you are a stockholder of record, there are four ways to vote:

• By attending the special meeting and voting in person by ballot;

• By visiting the Internet at the address on your proxy card;

• By calling toll-free (within the U.S. or Canada) at the phone number on your proxy card; or

• By completing, dating, signing and returning the enclosed proxy card in the accompanying prepaid
reply envelope.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee that are present in person or
represented by proxy at the special meeting, but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is
not instructed by the beneficial owner of such shares on how to vote on a particular proposal and the broker
does not have discretionary voting power on such proposal. Because brokers, banks and other nominee
holders of record do not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the three proposals, if a
beneficial owner of shares of DST common stock held in “street name” does not give voting instructions to
the broker, bank or other nominee with respect to any of the proposals, then those shares will not be present
in person or represented by proxy at the special meeting. If there are any broker non-votes, then such broker
non-votes will count for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum for the transaction of business
at the special meeting.

If your shares are held through a broker, bank or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial owner”
of the shares of DST common stock held in “street name.” In that case, this proxy statement has been
forwarded to you by your broker, bank or other nominee who is considered, with respect to those shares, to
be the stockholder of record. As the beneficial owner, you have the right to direct your broker, bank or other
nominee on how to vote your shares by following their instructions for voting. You are also invited to attend
the special meeting. However, because you are not the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares
in person at the special meeting unless you request and obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other
nominee.

A control number, located on your proxy card, is designed to verify your identity and allow you to vote your
shares of DST common stock, and to confirm that your voting instructions have been properly recorded
when voting electronically over the Internet or by telephone. Please be aware that, although there is no
charge for voting your shares, if you vote electronically over the Internet or by telephone, you may incur
costs such as telephone and Internet access charges for which you will be responsible.

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person, you are strongly encouraged to vote your shares of
DST common stock by proxy. If you are a stockholder of record or if you obtain a valid proxy to vote shares
which you beneficially own, you may still vote your shares of DST common stock in person at the special
meeting even if you have previously voted by proxy. If you are present at the special meeting and vote in
person, your previous vote by proxy will not be counted.

19



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 29/196

Q: If my broker holds my shares in “street name,” will my broker vote my shares for me? What are
broker non-votes?

A: Not without your direction. Your broker, bank or other nominee will only be permitted to vote your shares
on any proposal only if you instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote. Broker non-votes
are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee that are present in person or represented by proxy at the
special meeting, but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is not instructed by the
beneficial owner of such shares on how to vote on a particular proposal and the broker does not have
discretionary voting power on such proposal. Because brokers, banks and other nominee holders of record
do not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the three proposals, if a beneficial owner of
shares of DST common stock held in “street name” does not give voting instructions to the broker, bank or
other nominee with respect to any of the proposals, then those shares will not be present in person or
represented by proxy at the special meeting. If there are any broker non-votes, then such broker non-votes
will be counted as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal, but will have no effect on the adjournment or
merger-related compensation proposals. Therefore, it is important that you instruct your broker, bank
or other nominee on how you wish to vote your shares.

Q: May I change my vote after I have mailed my signed proxy card or otherwise submitted my vote by
proxy?

A: Yes. If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it
is voted at the special meeting by:

• Submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier
submitted proxy;

• Delivering a written notice of revocation to our Secretary;

• Signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it to us prior to the special meeting; or

• Attending the special meeting and voting in person.

Q: What is a proxy?

A: A proxy is your legal designation of another person, referred to as a “proxy,” to vote your shares of DST
common stock. The written document describing the matters to be considered and voted on at the special
meeting is called a “proxy statement.” The document used to designate a proxy to vote your shares of DST
common stock is called a “proxy card.” The Board of Directors has designated the Proxy Committee, and
each of them with full power of substitution, as proxies for the special meeting. The Proxy Committee
members are Gregg Wm. Givens, Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer; Randall D.
Young, Senior Vice President, General Counsel, and Secretary, and Aisha Reynolds, Managing Counsel and
Assistant Secretary.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If your shares are held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, you may vote through your
broker, bank or other nominee by completing and returning the voting form provided by your broker, bank
or other nominee, or electronically over the Internet or by telephone through your broker, bank or other
nominee if such a service is provided. To vote via the Internet or via telephone through your broker, bank or
other nominee, you should follow the instructions on the voting form provided by your broker, bank or other
nominee.

Please note that to be effective, your new proxy card, Internet or telephonic voting instructions or written
notice of revocation must be received by our Secretary prior to the special meeting and, in the case of
Internet or telephonic voting instructions, must be received before 11:59 p.m., Eastern time on March 27,
2018. If you have submitted a proxy, your appearance at the special meeting, in the absence of voting in
person or submitting an additional proxy or revocation, will not have the effect of revoking your prior proxy.

If you hold your shares of DST common stock in “street name,” you should contact your broker, bank or
other nominee for instructions regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the
special meeting if you obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee.

20



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 30/196

Q: If a stockholder gives a proxy, how are the shares voted?

A: Regardless of the method you choose to vote, the individuals named on the enclosed proxy card, or your
proxies, will vote your shares in the way that you indicate. When completing the Internet or telephone
process or the proxy card, you may specify whether your shares should be voted “FOR” or “AGAINST” or
to abstain from voting on all, some or none of the specific items of business to come before the special
meeting.

Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials, including multiple copies of this proxy statement
and multiple proxy cards or voting instruction cards. For example, if you hold your shares in more than one
brokerage account, you will receive a separate voting instruction card for each brokerage account in which
you hold shares. If you are a stockholder of record and your shares are registered in more than one name,
you will receive more than one proxy card. Please complete, date, sign and return (or vote via the Internet or
telephone with respect to) each proxy card and voting instruction card that you receive.

Q: Who will count the votes?

A: All votes will be counted by a representative of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., who will act as the
inspector of election appointed for the special meeting and will separately count affirmative and negative
votes, abstentions and broker non-votes.

Q: Where can I find the voting results of the special meeting?

A: DST intends to announce preliminary voting results at the special meeting and publish final results in a
Current Report on Form 8-K that will be filed with the SEC within four (4) business days following the
special meeting. All reports that DST files with the SEC are publicly available when filed. See “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 102.

Q: Will I be subject to U.S. federal income tax upon the exchange of DST common stock for cash
pursuant to the merger?

A: The exchange of DST common stock for cash pursuant to the merger will be a taxable transaction for U.S.
federal income tax purposes. Accordingly, a U.S. holder (as defined in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 63)
of DST common stock who exchanges shares of DST common stock for cash in the merger generally will
recognize gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between the amount of cash received with
respect to such shares and the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in such shares. If you are a non-U.S. holder
(as defined in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax
Consequences of the Merger”), the merger generally will not result in tax to you under U.S. federal income
tax laws unless you have certain connections with the United States.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If you properly sign and return your proxy card but do not mark the boxes showing how your shares should
be voted on a matter, the shares represented by your properly signed proxy will be voted as recommended by
the Board of Directors with respect to each proposal.

For a more complete description of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, see “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the
Merger” beginning on page 63.

This proxy statement contains a general discussion of United States federal income tax consequences
of the merger. This description does not address any non-U.S. tax consequences, nor does it pertain to
state, local or other tax consequences. Consequently, you are urged to contact your own tax advisor to
determine the particular tax consequences to you of the merger.

21



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 31/196

Q: What will the holders of outstanding DST equity awards receive in the merger?

A: For information regarding the treatment of DST’s outstanding equity awards, see the section entitled
“Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Merger
Consideration — Treatment of Company Awards” beginning on page 69.

Q: Am I entitled to appraisal rights under the DGCL?

A: If the merger is adopted by DST’s stockholders, stockholders who do not vote (whether in person or by
proxy) in favor of the adoption of the merger agreement and who properly exercise and perfect their demand
for appraisal of their shares will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger under
Section 262 of the DGCL. This means that holders of DST common stock are entitled to have their shares
appraised by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and to receive payment in cash of the “fair
value” of the shares of DST common stock, exclusive of any elements of value arising from the
accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest to be paid upon the amount determined
to be fair value, if any, as determined by the court. Stockholders who wish to seek appraisal of their shares
are in any case encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to the exercise of appraisal rights
due to the complexity of the appraisal process. The DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal rights are
described in further detail in this proxy statement, and the relevant section of the DGCL regarding appraisal
rights is reproduced and attached as Annex C to this proxy statement.

Q: Who can help answer my questions?

A: If you have any questions concerning the merger, the special meeting or this proxy statement, would like
additional copies of this proxy statement or need help voting your shares of DST common stock, please
contact our proxy solicitor:

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Innisfree M&A Incorporated 
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 
Toll-free: (888) 750-5835 

Banks & Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833

22



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 32/196

• DST may be unable to obtain stockholder approval as required for the merger;

• conditions to the closing of the merger, including obtaining required regulatory approvals, may not be
satisfied or waived on a timely basis or otherwise;

• a governmental entity or a regulatory body may prohibit, delay or refuse to grant approval for the
consummation of the merger and may require conditions, limitations or restrictions in connection with
such approvals that can adversely affect the anticipated benefits of the proposed merger or cause the
parties to abandon the proposed merger;

• the merger may involve unexpected costs, liabilities or delays;

• the business of DST may suffer as a result of uncertainty surrounding the merger or the potential
adverse changes to business relationships resulting from the proposed merger;

• legal proceedings may be initiated related to the merger and the outcome of any legal proceedings
related to the merger may be adverse to DST;

• DST may be adversely affected by other general industry, economic, business, and/or competitive
factors;

• there may be unforeseen events, changes or other circumstances that could give rise to the termination
of the merger agreement or affect the ability to recognize benefits of the merger;

• the risk that the merger agreement may be terminated in certain circumstances that require us to pay
SS&C a termination fee of  $165 million;

• risks that the proposed merger may disrupt current plans and operations and present potential
difficulties in employee retention as a result of the merger;

• the risk that our stock price may decline significantly if the merger is not completed;

• risks associated with the financing of the transaction;

• the fact that DST’s stockholders would forgo the opportunity to realize the potential long-term value of
the successful execution of DST’s current strategy as an independent company; and

• there may be other risks to consummation of the merger, including the risk that the merger will not be
consummated within the expected time period or at all.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This proxy statement, and the documents to which we refer you in this proxy statement, as well as
information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by us or on our behalf,
contain “forward-looking statements” that do not directly or exclusively relate to historical facts. You can
typically identify forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words, such as “may,” “could,”
“should,” “estimate,” “project,” “forecast,” “intend,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “believe,” “target,” “plan,”
“providing guidance” and similar expressions that are intended to identify information that is not historical in
nature. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such
as statements about the consummation of the proposed merger and the anticipated benefits thereof. These and
other forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and
assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking
statements, including the failure to consummate the proposed merger or to make any filing or take other action
required to consummate such merger in a timely matter or at all. The inclusion of such statements should not be
regarded as a representation that any plans, estimates or expectations will be achieved.

These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the SEC,
including in our most recent filing on Form 10-K and subsequent periodic and interim reports, factors and matters
described or incorporated by reference in this proxy statement, and the following factors:

23



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 33/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking
statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal
liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on DST’s financial
condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity.

There can be no assurance that the merger will be completed, or if it is completed, that it will close within
the anticipated time period or that the expected benefits of the merger will be realized. Readers are cautioned not
to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date on which such
statements were made.

All of the forward-looking statements we make in this proxy statement are qualified by the information
contained or incorporated by reference herein, including, but not limited to, (a) the information contained under
this heading and (b) the information in our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our
most recent filing on Form 10-K and subsequent periodic and interim report filings (see “Where You Can Find
More Information” beginning on page 102).

Except as required by applicable law, we undertake no obligation to publicly update forward-looking
statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. DST stockholders are advised,
however, to consult any future disclosures we make on related subjects as may be detailed in our other filings
made from time to time with the SEC.

24



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 34/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

THE SPECIAL MEETING

The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors for use at the special meeting of
stockholders or at any adjournments or postponements thereof.

Date, Time and Place

We will hold the special meeting on March 28, 2018, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time, at DST’s Broadway
Conference Center, 1055 Broadway Street, Third Floor, Kansas City, MO 64105.

Purpose of the Special Meeting

At the special meeting, we will ask our stockholders of record as of the record date to vote on the following
proposals:

Proposal 1 — Adoption of the Merger Agreement. To consider and vote on the merger proposal;

Proposal 2  —  Approval, on an Advisory (Non-Binding Basis), of Certain Compensatory
Arrangements with Named Executive Officers. To consider and vote on the merger-related compensation
proposal; and

Proposal 3  —  Adjournment of the Special Meeting. To consider and vote on the adjournment proposal.

Record Date; Shares Entitled to Vote; Quorum

Only stockholders of record as of the close of business on February 22, 2018 are entitled to notice of the
special meeting and to vote at the special meeting or at any adjournments or postponements thereof. A list of
stockholders entitled to vote at the special meeting will be available in our offices located at 333 W. 11th,
5th Floor Kansas City, MO 64105, during regular business hours for a period of at least ten (10) days before the
special meeting and at the place of the special meeting during the special meeting.

As of the record date, there were approximately 59,319,166 shares of DST common stock outstanding and
entitled to be voted at the special meeting.

A quorum of stockholders is necessary to hold a special meeting. The holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to vote at the special meeting, either present in person or
represented by proxy, will constitute a quorum at the special meeting. As a result, 29,659,584 shares must be
represented by proxy or by stockholders present and entitled to vote at the special meeting to have a quorum.

In the event that a quorum is not present at the special meeting, it is expected that the meeting would be
adjourned or postponed to a later date to solicit additional proxies.

Vote Required; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

The affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our common stock entitled to
vote thereon is required to approve the merger proposal. Adoption of the merger agreement by our stockholders is
a condition to the closing of the merger.

Approval of the merger-related compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast at the special meeting. Approval of the adjournment proposal, whether or not a quorum is present,
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting.

If you abstain from voting, the abstention will have the same effect as if you voted “AGAINST” the merger
proposal, the merger-related compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal.

If you hold your shares in “street name,” the failure to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to
vote your shares will count as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal, but will have no effect on the merger-
related compensation proposal and the adjournment proposal.

Broker non-votes are shares held by a broker, bank or other nominee that are present in person or
represented by proxy at the special meeting, but with respect to which the broker, bank or other nominee is not
instructed by the beneficial owner of such shares on how to vote on a particular proposal and the

25



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 35/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

broker does not have discretionary voting power on such proposal. Because brokers, banks and other nominee
holders of record do not have discretionary voting authority with respect to any of the three proposals, if a
beneficial owner of shares of DST common stock held in “street name” does not give voting instructions to the
broker, bank or other nominee with respect to any of the proposals, then those shares will not be present in person
or represented by proxy at the special meeting. However, if there are any broker non-votes, then such broker non-
votes will count for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum for the transaction of business at the
special meeting. If there are any broker non-votes, then such broker non-votes will be counted as a vote
“AGAINST” the merger proposal, but will have no effect on the merger-related compensation proposal and the
adjournment proposal.

Shares Held by DST’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of the record date, DST directors and executive officers beneficially owned and were entitled to vote, in
the aggregate, 793,907 shares of DST common stock (excluding any shares of DST common stock that would be
delivered upon exercise or conversion of stock options or other equity-based awards), which represented
approximately 1.33% of the outstanding shares of DST common stock on that date. It is expected that DST’s
directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the adoption of the merger agreement, although
none of them has entered into any agreement requiring them to do so.

Voting of Proxies

If your shares are registered in your name with our transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A., you
may cause your shares to be voted by returning a signed proxy card, or you may vote in person at the special
meeting. Additionally, you may submit electronically over the Internet or by phone a proxy authorizing the voting
of your shares by following the instructions on your proxy card. You must have the enclosed proxy card
available, and follow the instructions on the proxy card, in order to submit a proxy electronically over the Internet
or by telephone. Based on your proxy cards or Internet and telephone proxies, the proxy holders will vote your
shares according to your directions.

If you plan to attend the special meeting and wish to vote in person, you will be given a ballot at the
meeting. If your shares are registered in your name, you are encouraged to vote by proxy even if you plan to
attend the special meeting in person. If you attend the special meeting and vote in person, your vote by ballot will
revoke any proxy previously submitted.

Voting instructions are included on your proxy card. All shares represented by properly executed proxies
received in time for the special meeting will be voted at the special meeting in accordance with the instructions of
the stockholder. Properly executed proxies that do not contain voting instructions will be voted (i) “FOR” the
merger proposal, (ii) “FOR” the merger-related compensation proposal and (iii) “FOR” the adjournment
proposal. No proxy that is specifically marked against the merger proposal will be voted in favor of the merger-
related compensation, unless it is specifically marked “FOR” the approval of such proposal.

If your shares are held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, you may vote through your
broker, bank or other nominee by completing and returning the voting form provided by your broker, bank or
other nominee, or by the Internet or telephone through your broker, bank or other nominee if such a service is
provided. To vote via the Internet or telephone through your broker, bank or other nominee, you should follow
the instructions on the voting form provided by your broker, bank or other nominee. Under applicable stock
exchange rules, brokers, banks or other nominees have the discretion to vote your shares on routine matters if you
fail to instruct your broker, bank or other nominee on how to vote your shares with respect to such matters.
Proposals 1, 2 and 3 in this proxy statement are non-routine matters, and brokers, banks and other nominees
therefore cannot vote on these proposals without your instructions. If you do not return your broker’s, bank’s or
other nominee’s voting form, do not vote via the Internet or telephone through your broker, bank or other
nominee, if applicable, or do not attend the special meeting and vote in person with a proxy from your broker,
bank or other nominee, such actions will have the same effect as if you voted “AGAINST” the merger proposal
but will not have any effect on the adjournment proposal or the merger-related compensation proposal.

26



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 36/196

• Submitting a new proxy electronically over the Internet or by telephone after the date of the earlier
submitted proxy;

• Delivering a written notice of revocation to our Secretary;

• Signing another proxy card with a later date and returning it to us prior to the special meeting; or

• Attending the special meeting and voting in person.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record, you may change your vote or revoke your proxy at any time before it is
voted at the special meeting by:

Please note that to be effective, your new proxy card, Internet or telephonic voting instructions or written
notice of revocation must be received by our Secretary prior to the special meeting and, in the case of Internet or
telephonic voting instructions, must be received before 11:59 p.m., Eastern time on March 27, 2018. If you have
submitted a proxy, your appearance at the special meeting, in the absence of voting in person or submitting an
additional proxy or revocation, will not have the effect of revoking your prior proxy.

If you hold your shares of DST common stock in “street name,” you should contact your broker, bank or
other nominee for instructions regarding how to change your vote. You may also vote in person at the special
meeting if you obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee. Any adjournment of the special
meeting for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies will allow DST stockholders who have already sent in
their proxies to revoke them at any time prior to their use at the special meeting, as adjourned.

Board of Directors’ Recommendation

The Board of Directors, after considering various factors described under the section entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement—The Merger—Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for
the Merger” beginning on page 39, unanimously determined that the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger, are advisable, fair to and in the best interests of
DST and its stockholders, and adopted, approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote (i) “FOR” the merger proposal, (ii) “FOR”
the merger-related compensation proposal and (iii) “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

Tabulation of Votes

All votes will be tabulated by a representative of Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc., who will act as the
inspector of election appointed for the special meeting and will separately tabulate affirmative and negative votes,
abstentions and broker non-votes.

Solicitation of Proxies

The expense of soliciting proxies in the enclosed form will be borne by DST. We have retained Innisfree
M&A Incorporated, a proxy solicitation firm, to solicit proxies in connection with the special meeting at a cost of
approximately $25,000 plus expenses. In addition, we may reimburse brokers, banks and other custodians,
nominees and fiduciaries representing beneficial owners of shares for their expenses in forwarding soliciting
materials to such beneficial owners. Proxies may also be solicited by some of our directors, officers and
employees, personally or by telephone, facsimile or other means of communication. No additional compensation
will be paid for such services.

Anticipated Date of Completion of the Merger

Assuming timely satisfaction of necessary closing conditions, including the approval by our stockholders of
the proposal to adopt the merger agreement, we anticipate that the merger will be consummated before the end of
the second quarter of calendar year 2018.

27



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 37/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Attending the Special Meeting

Only DST stockholders of record on the record date, or their duly appointed proxies, and “street name”
holders (whose shares are held through a broker, bank or other nominee) who provide evidence of their beneficial
ownership on the record date for the special meeting, such as a copy of your most recent account statement or
similar evidence of ownership of DST common stock as of the record date for the special meeting, may attend the
special meeting in person.

All DST stockholders should also bring photo identification, such as a driver’s license or passport. No
cameras, recording equipment, electronic devices, large bags, briefcases or packages will be permitted in the
special meeting.

Even if you plan to attend the special meeting in person, we encourage you to complete, sign, date and
return the enclosed proxy card or vote electronically over the Internet or via telephone to ensure that your shares
will be represented at the special meeting. If you attend the special meeting and vote in person, your vote by
ballot will revoke any proxy previously submitted. If you hold your shares in “street name,” because you are not
the stockholder of record, you may not vote your shares in person at the special meeting unless you request and
obtain a valid proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding DST’s special meeting,
please contact Innisfree M&A Incorporated by mail at 501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor New York, New York
10022 or by telephone. Stockholders may call toll-free at (888) 750-5834 and banks and brokers may call collect:
(212) 750-5833.

Rights of Stockholders Who Seek Appraisal

If the merger is adopted by DST stockholders, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the
merger agreement and who properly exercise and perfect their demand for appraisal of their shares will be
entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger under Section 262 of the DGCL. This means that
holders of DST common stock are entitled to have their shares appraised by the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware and to receive payment in cash of the “fair value” of the shares of DST common stock, exclusive of
any elements of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest to be
paid upon the amount determined to be fair value, if any, as determined by the court. Stockholders who wish to
seek appraisal of their shares are in any case encouraged to seek the advice of legal counsel with respect to the
exercise of appraisal rights due to the complexity of the appraisal process.

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined
pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL could be more than, the same as or less than the value of the consideration
they would receive pursuant to the merger if they did not seek appraisal of their shares.

To exercise your appraisal rights, you must submit a written demand for appraisal to DST before the vote is
taken on the adoption of the merger agreement, you must not submit a proxy or otherwise vote in favor of the
proposal to adopt the merger agreement and you must continue to hold the shares of DST common stock of
record through the effective time of the merger. Your failure to follow the procedures specified under the DGCL
will result in the loss of your appraisal rights. The DGCL requirements for exercising appraisal rights are
described in further detail in this proxy statement, and the relevant section of the DGCL regarding appraisal
rights is reproduced and attached as Annex C to this proxy statement. If you hold your shares of DST common
stock through a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with
your broker, bank or other nominee to determine the appropriate procedures for the making of a demand for
appraisal by such broker, bank or other nominee.

28



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 38/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PARTIES INVOLVED IN THE MERGER

DST Systems, Inc.

DST Systems, Inc. is a leading provider of specialized technology, strategic advisory, and business
operations outsourcing to the financial and healthcare industries. Combining unmatched industry knowledge,
critical infrastructure and service excellence, DST helps companies master complexity in the world’s most
demanding industries to ensure they continually stay ahead of and capitalize on ever-changing customer, business
and regulatory requirements.

DST’s principal executive offices are located at 333 W. 11th, 5th Floor Kansas City, MO 64105.

DST was formed in 1969. Through a reorganization in August 1995, DST is a corporation organized in the
State of Delaware. DST’s common stock is currently listed on the NYSE under the symbol “DST.”

Additional information about DST and its subsidiaries is included in documents incorporated by reference in
this proxy statement (see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 102) and on its website:
www.dstsystems.com. The information provided or accessible through DST’s website is not part of, or
incorporated by reference, in this proxy statement.

SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc.

SS&C is a leading provider of mission-critical, sophisticated software products and software-enabled
services that allow financial services providers to automate complex business processes and effectively manage
their information processing requirements. SS&C’s portfolio of software products and rapidly deployable
software-enabled services allows SS&C’s clients to automate and integrate front-office functions such as trading
and modeling, middle-office functions such as portfolio management and reporting, and back-office functions
such as accounting, performance measurement, reconciliation, reporting, processing and clearing. SS&C’s
solutions enable their clients to focus on core operations, better monitor and manage investment performance and
risk, improve operating efficiency and reduce operating costs.

SS&C’s principal executive offices are located at 80 Lamberton Road, Windsor, CT 06095.

SS&C was incorporated in Delaware in July 2005, as the successor to a corporation originally formed in
Connecticut in March 1986. SS&C’s common stock trades on the NASDAQ under the symbol “SSNC.”

Additional information about SS&C and its subsidiaries is included on its website: http://www.ssctech.com.
The information provided or accessible through SS&C’s website is not part of, of incorporated by reference, in
this proxy statement.

Diamond Merger Sub, Inc.

Merger Sub is a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C, formed on
January 5, 2018 for the purpose of entering into the merger agreement and completing the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. Upon completion of the merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist.

29



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 39/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL 1: ADOPTION OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

THE MERGER

This discussion of the merger is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, which is
attached to this proxy statement as Annex A and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. You should
read the entire merger agreement carefully as it is the legal document that governs the merger.

Certain Effects of the Merger on DST

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement, Merger Sub will merge with and into
DST, with DST continuing as the surviving corporation and a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C. DST
expects to de-list its common stock from the NYSE and de-register its common stock under the Exchange Act as
promptly as practicable following the effective time of the merger. Thereafter, DST would no longer be a publicly
traded company. If the merger is completed, you will not own any shares of the capital stock of the surviving
corporation, and instead will only be entitled to receive the merger consideration, as described under the section
entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Merger
Consideration” beginning on page 69.

The effective time of the merger will occur upon the filing of a certificate of merger with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware (or at such later time as DST and SS&C may agree and specify in the certificate of
merger).

Effect on DST if the Merger is Not Completed

If the merger agreement is not adopted by DST stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any other
reason, DST stockholders will not receive any payment for their shares of DST common stock. Instead, DST will
remain a public company, DST’s common stock will continue to be listed and traded on the NYSE and registered
under the Exchange Act and DST will continue to file periodic reports with the SEC.

Furthermore, if the merger is not consummated, and depending on the circumstances that would have caused
the merger not to be consummated, it is likely that the price of DST’s common stock will decline significantly. If
that were to occur, it is uncertain when, if ever, the price of DST’s common stock would return to the price at
which it trades as of the date of this proxy statement.

Accordingly, if the merger is not consummated, there can be no assurance as to the effect of these risks and
opportunities on the future value of your shares of DST common stock. If the merger is not consummated, the
Board of Directors will continue to evaluate and review DST’s business operations, properties, dividend policy
and capitalization, among other things, make such changes as are deemed appropriate and continue to seek to
enhance stockholder value. If the merger agreement is not adopted by DST’s stockholders or if the merger is not
consummated for any other reason, there can be no assurance that any other transaction acceptable to DST will be
offered or that DST’s business, prospects or results of operation will not be adversely impacted.

In addition, under certain specified circumstances, DST will be required to pay SS&C a termination fee
upon the termination of the merger agreement, as described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — 
Termination Fees” beginning on page 88.

Background of the Merger

As part of DST’s ongoing strategic planning process, the Board of Directors regularly reviews and assesses
DST’s long-term strategic goals and opportunities, industry trends, competitive environment, and short- and long-
term performance in light of DST’s strategic plan, with the goal of maximizing stockholder value. In connection
with these activities, the Board of Directors met from time to time in the ordinary course of business to consider
and evaluate potential strategic alternatives, including business combinations, acquisitions, dispositions, spinoffs
and other transactions. The Board of Directors also discussed DST’s

30



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 40/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

stock price and stockholder returns, both on an absolute basis and relative to DST’s peers, and potential risks that
DST faced in executing its strategic plan as a stand-alone entity, including challenging global economic
conditions and other factors, including its ability to achieve long-term growth.

The Board of Directors also continued to evaluate alternatives and implemented actions to enhance
stockholder value, including the issuance of dividends, share repurchases, the sale of DST’s customer
communications business to Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. and the acquisitions of Red Rocks Capital,
LLC, Kaufman Rossin Fund Services, LLC and Wealth Management Systems, Inc. In connection with DST’s
ongoing assessment of strategic alternatives, DST management periodically met with representatives of BofA
Merrill Lynch to discuss developments in the healthcare and financial services industries and BofA Merrill
Lynch’s views as to opportunities available to DST.

On November 14, 2016, Mr. William C. Stone, Chief Executive Officer of SS&C, contacted Mr. Stephen C.
Hooley, Chief Executive Officer of DST, to express interest in conducting high-level due diligence with the goal
of executing a letter of intent with respect to a strategic acquisition. Mr. Stone and Mr. Hooley did not discuss the
terms of such a transaction.

On December 13, 2016, the Board of Directors at a regularly scheduled meeting discussed in an executive
session SS&C’s interest in a potential strategic transaction. Mr. Hooley gave an overview of SS&C’s inquiry and
reviewed potential next steps to be considered by DST. After discussion regarding a potential strategic transaction
with SS&C, the Board of Directors decided to continue executing DST’s long-range plan, particularly given that
DST had recently completed the sale of its customer communications business to Broadridge Financial Solutions,
Inc. in July 2016, was in the process of negotiating the acquisition of State Street Corporation’s ownership in both
Boston Financial Data Services, Inc. and International Financial Data Services Limited and was pursuing the
divestiture of its United Kingdom Customer Communications business.

On February 23, 2017, the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. Members of senior
management and representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch were present during a portion of the meeting to discuss,
among other things, strategic alternatives. As part of DST’s ongoing strategic planning process, representatives of
BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed the mergers and acquisition environment generally and in the healthcare and
financial services industries in particular, provided financial perspective regarding DST and its stock
performance, provided perspectives regarding potential strategic alternatives available to DST, including a spin-
off of DST’s healthcare business and a potential sale of the company, and reviewed third parties that might have
interest in exploring a potential transaction with DST. The Board of Directors discussed whether to explore
strategic alternatives, including the timing of any potential process for a strategic alternative and considered
DST’s strategy as an independent company, including the acquisition of State Street Corporation’s ownership of
both Boston Financial Data Services, Inc. and International Financial Data Services Limited, and its growth
initiatives, as well as the possible disruption and risks to DST’s business that could result from the public
disclosure of any exploratory process, including the resulting distraction of the attention of DST’s management
and employees. Over the following months, the Board of Directors and senior management continued to evaluate
DST’s long-range plan and the potential strategic alternatives available to DST.

On August 1, 2017, the Board of Directors at a regularly scheduled meeting discussed in a private session
DST’s announcement of financial results for the quarter ended June 30, 2017 and the market’s reaction to the
announcement. The price of DST common stock opened trading at $59.00 per share on July 27, 2017, the day on
which financial results were announced, and closed trading at $54.54 per share on July 27, 2017. Mr. Hooley
discussed with the Board of Directors the challenges and competition that DST was experiencing, including its
ability to achieve long-term growth. The Board of Directors also considered the risks associated with
consolidation in the healthcare industry. In connection therewith, the Board of Directors reviewed DST’s
performance as compared to the performance of SS&C. Thereafter, in light of the substantial challenges
identified to achieving long-term growth, the Board of Directors discussed potential strategic alternatives,
including a potential sale of DST. The Board of Directors concluded that strategic alternatives should be
considered further in subsequent meetings and directed management to review DST’s long-range plan and
coordinate with DST’s advisors to prepare related analyses and potential alternatives for discussion at the next
regularly scheduled meeting of the Board of Directors.

31



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 41/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On October 26, 2017, the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled meeting. Members of senior
management and representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP, DST’s
legal counsel, which we refer to as Skadden, were present during a portion of the meeting to discuss, among other
things, strategic alternatives. Representatives of Skadden discussed with the Board of Directors their fiduciary
duties in considering strategic alternatives. Representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed the mergers and
acquisition environment generally, discussed public market perspectives of DST, provided observations on DST’s
updated long-range plan and certain preliminary financial analyses based on certain valuation metrics and DST’s
long-range plan, provided perspectives regarding a potential sale of the company, reviewed third parties that
might have interest in exploring a potential transaction with DST, including SS&C, and provided an overview of
process considerations if the Board of Directors were to determine to pursue a sale of DST.

On October 27, 2017, the Board of Directors reconvened its regularly scheduled meeting. During the course
of that meeting, the Board of Directors discussed SS&C’s potential interest, and authorized senior management to
engage in preliminary discussions with SS&C to ascertain if SS&C was interested in making a proposal for a
transaction with DST. The Board of Directors considered various alternative processes for pursuing a change in
control of DST, including whether to contact additional parties, and determined not to do so at that time in light
of confidentiality and other considerations, including uncertainty regarding whether SS&C or any other party
would be interested in an acquisition of DST that the Board of Directors would find sufficiently attractive and the
fact that SS&C was the only party that had previously stated interest in an acquisition of DST. The Board of
Directors determined that it would consider the matter further after receiving additional feedback from SS&C.

On October 31, 2017, Mr. Hooley met with Mr. Stone for lunch. During the meeting, Mr. Hooley inquired
whether SS&C had an interest in discussing potential opportunities between SS&C and DST and indicated, if
SS&C was interested, given the timeline of certain other strategic alternatives that DST was considering, SS&C
must make a timely proposal. Mr. Stone expressed an interest in a potential strategic acquisition of DST,
including the potential for an all cash offer. In addition, Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone discussed a potential process
of engagement involving entry into a non-disclosure agreement and the subsequent provision of limited
confidential information by DST to SS&C in order to allow SS&C to make a preliminary proposal.

On November 1, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch, on behalf of DST, contacted Mr. Stone and discussed the timing
for a potential preliminary proposal, with the request that SS&C submit a preliminary proposal by November 15,
2017, which was in advance of DST’s next regularly scheduled board meeting and coincided with the overall
transaction timing of a strategic acquisition process in which DST was engaged to acquire Party A, a provider of
risk management and technology solutions, including ongoing due diligence efforts with respect to Party A and
the timing of DST’s final bid and receipt of feedback from Party A.

On November 3, 2017, the Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting with certain members of
senior management, BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden in attendance. During that meeting, Mr. Hooley updated
the Board of Directors on the status of preliminary discussions with SS&C and the strategic acquisition process to
acquire Party A. The Board of Directors discussed SS&C’s potential interest and authorized DST’s management
to engage in further discussions with SS&C and to continue engaging with Party A.

During the period from November 3, 2017 until the signing of a definitive agreement with SS&C, in
addition to meetings of the Board of Directors, certain members of DST’s senior management, including Gregg
Wm. Givens, DST’s Chief Financial Officer, and Randall D. Young, DST’s General Counsel and Secretary,
conferred internally and Mr. Hooley answered inquiries and provided frequent informal updates to members of
the Board of Directors with respect to the progress of discussions with SS&C. In addition, senior management
took direction from, and acted in consultation with, the lead independent director and, with respect to
compensation matters also consulted with the Chairman of the Compensation Committee.

On November 6, 2017, representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch, at the request of DST, sent SS&C a draft
non-disclosure agreement that included a standstill and employee non-solicitation provisions.

On November 9, 2017, DST and SS&C executed the non-disclosure agreement.

32



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 42/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On November 10, 2017, following execution of the non-disclosure agreement, representatives of BofA
Merrill Lynch, on behalf of DST, provided certain non-public information about DST to SS&C in response to
selected questions posed by SS&C.

On November 15, 2017, Mr. Stone contacted Mr. Hooley to express SS&C’s continued interest in pursuing a
potential strategic acquisition of DST and indicated a preliminary per share range in the high $70’s to mid-$80’s.
Mr. Stone indicated that SS&C expected to be able to make an offer at the high end of the range if diligence went
well. The closing stock price of DST common stock on November 15, 2017 was $58.96.

Later on November 15, 2017, Mr. Hooley contacted Mr. Stone to confirm that SS&C’s preliminary per share
range was based on an all cash deal. Mr. Stone confirmed that was the case, but indicated SS&C may issue equity
to finance the transaction.

On November 17, 2017, the Board of Directors met to discuss updates since the November 3rd meeting. At
the Board of Directors meeting on November 17, 2017, members of senior management and representatives of
BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden were present. Representatives of Skadden discussed with the directors their
fiduciary duties in considering strategic alternatives. Representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch provided a
preliminary review of the financial aspects of SS&C’s proposal, SS&C’s recent transaction history, preliminary
financial analyses with respect to DST and reviewed third parties that might have interest in exploring a potential
transaction with DST, including both strategic and financial sponsors. The Board of Directors discussed
alternative approaches to the transaction process, including whether to conduct a broad auction process or a
targeted pre-market check. BofA Merrill Lynch advised the Board of Directors of the risks inherent in a broad
auction process, including the risk of market rumors and speculation, noted to the Board that, in its view,
financial sponsors were unlikely to be willing to offer a price at the high end of the preliminary per share range
proposed by SS&C, and recommended that the Board undertake a targeted pre-market check with selected
strategic parties. Thereafter, representatives of Skadden advised the Board of Directors on customary deal terms,
including with respect to DST’s right to engage with third parties after entering into the merger agreement. The
Board of Directors discussed SS&C’s proposed value range and authorized DST’s management to engage in
further discussions with SS&C, including with respect to obtaining a specific proposal with respect to price per
share. The Board of Directors, after considering the advice of DST’s advisors and the fact that DST would be
permitted, under circumstances to be described in a definitive merger agreement, to provide information to and
engage in discussions or negotiation with a third party who makes an unsolicited proposal, also authorized BofA
Merrill Lynch to contact three potential strategic acquirors, Party B, a financial services company, Party C, a
financial services company, and Party D, a diversified health company, to ascertain their interest in a possible
strategic acquisition of DST on a confidential basis. Thereafter, the Board of Directors discussed the significance
of the proposed sale of DST to SS&C or another potential acquiror and its potential interplay with the potential
strategic acquisition of Party A, which the Board of Directors was continuing to consider, including whether
SS&C or another potential acquiror would find DST less attractive if DST completed the acquisition of Party A.
The Board of Directors also considered management’s recent concerns regarding due diligence and the valuation
of Party A and considered the substantial time and effort of management required to consummate both a potential
acquisition of Party A and the sale of DST, which could divert employees’ attention away from DST’s day-to-day
operations. The Board of Directors concluded, after discussions with representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch and
management, to terminate discussions with Party A.

On November 17, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch, on behalf of DST, contacted Mr. Stone to discuss the potential
strategic acquisition. BofA Merrill Lynch shared DST’s belief that SS&C would need to provide a compelling
price in order for the Board of Directors to consider the transaction and offered access to senior management to
allow SS&C to submit a specific price per share offer prior to a Board of Directors meeting scheduled for
December 12, 2017. Mr. Stone reiterated SS&C’s interest in pursuing a potential strategic acquisition of DST as
promptly as possible.

On November 20, 2017, Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone discussed the potential strategic acquisition. Mr. Hooley
reiterated that SS&C would need to provide a compelling price in order for the Board of Directors to consider the
transaction. Mr. Stone reiterated SS&C’s interest in pursuing a potential strategic acquisition of DST as promptly
as possible.

33



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 43/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

During the week of November 20, 2017, at the request of the Board of Directors, representatives of BofA
Merrill Lynch contacted Party B, Party C and Party D. Party B indicated that it would initially review the
opportunity based on public information and requested a non-disclosure agreement. That same day, a non-
disclosure agreement, which contained a standstill, was provided to Party B. Party C indicated that it would
review the opportunity based on public information. Party D indicated that it would speak to its internal teams.

On November 28, 2017, Party D requested a non-disclosure agreement and that same day, a draft non-
disclosure agreement, which contained a standstill, was provided to Party D.

On November 29, 2017, Party B indicated to BofA Merrill Lynch that it did not intend to pursue a potential
strategic transaction with DST.

On December 1, 2017, certain members of DST’s senior management made a management presentation to
key members of SS&C management in New York, during which DST provided an overview of its business to
SS&C, including certain non-public unaudited prospective financial information (see “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement — The Merger Financial Forecast” for additional detail) and an overview of each
operating segment and commercial relationships. Representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse
Securities (USA) LLC, SS&C’s financial advisor, which we refer to as Credit Suisse, also attended the
management presentation. Additionally, on December 1, 2017, Party C communicated to BofA Merrill Lynch that
it did not intend to pursue a potential strategic transaction with DST.

On December 4, 2017, representatives of DST, SS&C, BofA Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse had a
telephone call to discuss certain financial questions.

On December 5, 2017, representatives of Credit Suisse submitted a high priority list of questions focused on
organic revenue growth, cost structure and the value of non-core assets. Later that day, Party D delivered a
revised draft of the non-disclosure agreement, in which Party D deleted the standstill provision and other
provisions relating to the use of DST’s confidential information.

Between December 6, 2017 and December 8, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch, on behalf of DST, contacted Party
D on several occasions to discuss the non-disclosure agreement.

Between December 7, 2017 and December 8, 2017, DST provided responses to the majority of SS&C’s high
priority questions.

On December 8, 2017, Mr. Stone and Mr. Hooley discussed the information DST had provided in response
to SS&C’s requests. Mr. Stone indicated that SS&C intended to provide an offer on December 11 or
December 12, 2017.

On December 11, 2017, Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone met in Kansas City to discuss the potential transaction.
During the meeting, Mr. Stone submitted an offer to acquire DST at $81.00 per share, which represented a
premium of approximately 32% over the closing stock price on December 11, 2017, and indicated that Credit
Suisse was prepared to finance the transaction. Mr. Hooley indicated to Mr. Stone his belief that the Board of
Directors would not be willing to consider an offer of  $81.00 per share, but that he would inform the Board of
Directors of SS&C’s offer. The closing stock price of DST common stock on December 11, 2017 was $61.23.

Additionally, on December 11, 2017, four business days after BofA Merrill Lynch initially contacted Party D
to discuss the non-disclosure agreement, Party D made itself available to discuss the non-disclosure agreement.
During that phone call, BofA Merrill Lynch, at DST’s request, discussed the revised draft of the non-disclosure
agreement with Party D. It was DST’s belief, after consultation with its advisors, that providing a third party with
confidential information without a standstill agreement in place was inappropriate in light of the fact that the
standstill provision, as proposed in the draft non-disclosure agreement provided by DST to Party D, would
automatically terminate upon DST announcing that it had entered into an agreement in respect of a change of
control of DST or upon any third party commencing a tender offer for control of DST and other terms proposed
by Party D, which did not adequately protect

34



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 44/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

DST’s confidential information. BofA Merrill Lynch conveyed to Party D DST’s concerns regarding the deletion
of the standstill provision in the draft delivered by Party D and during the call, Party D requested that DST
provide a revised draft of the non-disclosure agreement reflecting DST’s position.

On December 12, 2017, the Board of Directors held a regularly scheduled meeting with certain members of
DST’s senior management, with BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden in attendance, to discuss SS&C’s proposal.
During the Board of Directors meeting, Mr. Hooley informed the Board of Directors that on December 11, 2017,
SS&C made an offer to acquire DST for $81.00 per share of DST common stock, which represented a premium
of approximately 33% over the closing stock price on December 12, 2017. Representatives of BofA Merrill
Lynch provided preliminary financial analyses, including an illustrative discounted cash flow analysis of DST to
calculate the estimated present value of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that DST was
forecasted to generate during DST’s fiscal years 2018 through 2020 based on the DST management forecasts,
reflecting the intrinsic values at both the current effective tax rate and the illustrative effective tax rate assuming
certain then-proposed elements of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. The Board of Directors discussed the preliminary
financial analysis, including the impact of certain then-proposed elements of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act.
Representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch also reviewed potential responses to SS&C and discussed with the
directors the status of discussions with Party B, Party C and Party D. Thereafter, the Board of Directors discussed
the results of the targeted pre-market check and again considered whether to contact additional potential
interested parties or conduct a broad auction process. BofA Merrill Lynch advised the Board of Directors that
based on their professional judgment and knowledge of the financial services and healthcare industries,
regulatory landscape and financing capabilities of potential acquirors that there was unlikely to be credible
potential interest from third parties (other than the parties that had been contacted) at a price higher than the range
indicated by SS&C. The Board of Directors also considered that the timing of the merger would provide ample
opportunity for a third party to submit proposals and the fact that DST would be permitted, under circumstances
to be described in a definitive merger agreement, to provide information to and engage in discussions or
negotiation with such a third party. Following the presentations made during the December 12, 2017 meeting, the
Board of Directors concluded that the price of  $81.00 per share then proposed by SS&C was inadequate and that
SS&C should be informed of this conclusion, but that DST was willing to continue discussions with SS&C in
order to determine whether a transaction with SS&C was available on terms that maximized stockholder value for
DST stockholders. The Board of Directors then authorized senior management to continue discussion with
SS&C. The closing stock price of DST common stock on December 12, 2017 was $60.87.

Additionally, on December 12, 2017, Skadden and BofA Merrill Lynch, at the request of DST, provided
Party D with a revised draft of the non-disclosure agreement.

On December 13, 2017, Mr. Hooley contacted Mr. Stone to discuss SS&C’s offer of  $81.00 per share.
Mr. Hooley indicated to Mr. Stone that the Board of Directors was not willing to accept an offer of  $81.00 per
share, but would be willing to consider an offer at the high end of the range SS&C provided on November 15,
2017. During the course of the discussions, Mr. Stone increased SS&C’s offer to $84.00 per share of DST
common stock, which represented a premium of approximately 39% over the closing stock price on
December 13, 2017. The closing stock price of DST common stock on December 13, 2017 was $60.53.

On December 14, 2017, the Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting with certain members of
DST’s senior management, BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden in attendance. During the meeting, Mr. Hooley
informed the Board of Directors that on December 13, 2017, SS&C increased its offer to $84.00 per share of DST
common stock, which represented a premium of approximately 40% over the closing stock price on
December 14, 2017. Following the discussion, the Board of Directors authorized management to progress
discussions with SS&C at a price of  $84.00 per share, including working towards a public announcement of a
transaction in mid- to late- January. The closing stock price of DST common stock on December 14, 2017 was
$59.79.

Additionally, on December 14, 2017, Party D provided a revised draft of the non-disclosure agreement,
which again deleted the standstill provision and included other provisions previously objected to by DST.

Finally, on December 14, 2017, Mr. Hooley contacted Mr. Stone to indicate DST’s willingness to proceed on
the basis of SS&C’s offer of  $84.00 per share, with a target announcement date of late January.

35



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 45/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Mr. Stone indicated that he would like to announce the transaction earlier in January. Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone
discussed the level of diligence required to be completed prior to the announcement and Mr. Hooley indicated
that representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch would contact Credit Suisse to discuss next steps.

On December 15, 2017, Mr. Hooley had a regularly scheduled telephone meeting with the Chief Executive
Officer of Party D where a potential transaction was not raised.

On December 15, 2017, representatives of Skadden, on behalf of DST, spoke with Party D regarding the
non-disclosure agreement. Party D indicated to representatives of Skadden that it has a policy not to enter into
any standstill agreements.

In mid-December, Mr. Hooley contacted a senior executive of Party D regarding the difficulties surrounding
the non-disclosure agreement.

On December 16, 2017, Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP, which we refer to as Davis Polk, SS&C’s legal
counsel, acting on behalf of SS&C, delivered to Skadden a written legal due diligence request list.

On December 17, 2017, Credit Suisse, on behalf of SS&C, delivered to BofA Merrill Lynch a written
business due diligence request list including any update to the non-public unaudited prospective financial
information to reflect updates for the fourth quarter.

On December 21, 2017, DST provided SS&C and its representatives with access to an electronic data room
established by DST. Beginning on such date and continuing through execution of the merger agreement on
January 11, 2018, DST continued to upload diligence materials to the electronic data room for review by SS&C
and its representatives and SS&C, its representatives and its financing sources engaged in business, financial and
legal diligence of DST.

Additionally, on December 21, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch, at the direction of DST, informed Party D that
DST would not sign a non-disclosure agreement without a standstill agreement. It was DST’s belief, after
consultation with its advisors and based on both the pace at which discussions regarding the non-disclosure
agreement had progressed with Party D and Party D’s statements during the course of such discussions, that Party
D was unlikely to be interested in acquiring all of DST, and therefore, there was limited benefit to executing a
non-disclosure agreement on Party D’s terms, particularly given that if Party D was interested it could submit an
offer following the announcement of a transaction and that the Board of Directors would be permitted, under
circumstances to be described in a definitive merger agreement, to provide information to and engage in
discussions or negotiation with Party D at that time. Party D confirmed that it would need to initiate the next
contact should it have any interest in entering into a non-disclosure agreement with DST for the purposes of
exploring a potential strategic transaction.

On December 22, 2017, the Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting with certain members of
DST’s senior management, BofA Merrill Lynch, Skadden and Deloitte Consulting LLP, DST’s executive
compensation consultant, in attendance. During the meeting, representatives of Skadden discussed with the
directors their fiduciary duties in considering strategic alternatives. Skadden then provided the Board of Directors
with an update regarding certain regulatory matters, including with respect to the approval by the FCA.
Thereafter, representatives of Skadden and Deloitte Consulting LLP discussed certain compensation matters,
including treatment of equity awards in connection with the proposed transaction and certain other benefit
matters, including the desired approach with respect to retention and severance.

During the period from December 27, 2017 through January 11, 2018, DST and SS&C’s management and
advisors worked to finalize the definitive transaction documents and SS&C’s due diligence review of DST.

On December 27, 2017, Skadden, on behalf of DST, provided Davis Polk with a draft merger agreement.

On January 1, 2018, Davis Polk, on behalf of SS&C, provided Skadden with a revised draft of the merger
agreement.

During the last week of December and the first week of January, certain members of DST’s senior
management and its representatives had a series of diligence calls with SS&C and its representatives relating to
various aspects of DST’s business including accounting matters, tax matters, litigation matters, healthcare
regulatory matters, data privacy and cybersecurity matters.

36



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 46/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

On January 2, 2018, representatives of DST and Skadden had a conference call to discuss certain key issues
in SS&C’s revised draft of the merger agreement. Key issues discussed included, among others, financing
certainty, including the length of the marketing period and the obligations of DST to cooperate with SS&C to
obtain the financing, compensation matters, including the treatment of unvested equity awards, the requested
termination fee (3.5% of enterprise value or approximately 3.9% of equity value) and efforts required to be taken
by the parties to obtain applicable regulatory approvals. Later that day, representatives of Skadden and Davis
Polk discussed the key issues identified in the preceding sentence. Additionally on January 2, 2018, Mr. Hooley
and Mr. Stone met for dinner to discuss the status of the transaction, including the status of the merger agreement,
key customer updates, the treatment of equity awards and post-continuation benefits of employees and the overall
transaction timeline.

On January 3, 2018, Mr. Hooley was to have a regularly scheduled meeting with a senior executive of Party
D with whom Mr. Hooley had previously discussed the process with respect to a potential transaction. The
meeting was canceled by Party D.

On January 4, 2018, DST senior management and business unit leaders met with representatives of SS&C in
Naples, Florida for additional presentations and business due diligence.

On January 5, 2018, the Board of Directors held a special meeting with certain members of DST’s senior
management, BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden in attendance. During the meeting, Mr. Hooley provided an
update regarding the status of discussions with SS&C. Thereafter, Skadden again discussed with the Board of
Directors the fiduciary duties of directors in connection with evaluating DST’s strategic alternatives.
Representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch then discussed with the directors matters relating to, among other things,
a preliminary review of the financial aspects of SS&C’s proposal, including the price per share offered by SS&C
compared to certain precedent transactions based upon certain valuation metrics and preliminary financial
analyses with respect to DST based on the DST management forecasts. The Board of Directors considered the
financial advice and perspectives reviewed and discussed by representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch, including the
valuation metrics utilized by BofA Merrill Lynch. Skadden then discussed the terms of the merger agreement,
including key terms regarding financing and the allocation of risk between the parties if SS&C was unable to
obtain such financing, regulatory matters, the scope of DST’s right to engage with third parties after entering into
the merger agreement, and compensation matters, including the treatment of equity awards and post-continuation
benefits for employees. Thereafter, the Board of Directors met in an executive session to discuss the transaction
generally, including key compensation matters.

Additionally, on January 5, 2018, Skadden, on behalf of DST, provided Davis Polk with a revised draft of
the merger agreement.

On January 6, 2018, Davis Polk, on behalf of SS&C, provided Skadden with a revised draft of the merger
agreement.

On January 7, 2018, representatives of Skadden and Davis Polk discussed and negotiated the terms of the
merger agreement.

Additionally, on January 7, 2018, Davis Polk, on behalf of SS&C, provided Skadden with a draft of the debt
commitment letter from certain lenders, and negotiations on such debt commitment letter continued between
SS&C, its lenders and their respective advisors from January 7, 2018 to January 11, 2018. During this time,
SS&C conveyed certain comments of DST and its advisors on the debt commitment letter.

Later that same day, the Board of Directors held a telephonic special meeting with certain members of
DST’s senior management, BofA Merrill Lynch and Skadden in attendance. During the meeting, Mr. Hooley
provided an update regarding the status of discussions with SS&C and provided an overview of the
communications plans in the event the parties were to announce a transaction. Skadden then provided an update
on the status of the merger agreement based on negotiations with Davis Polk earlier in the day. Following that
discussion, representatives of both Skadden and BofA Merrill Lynch discussed with the Board of Directors the
appropriate range of termination fees for a deal of this nature, including the potential preclusive effect of a high
termination fee and the market practice with respect to such fees. Following this discussion, the Board of
Directors authorized the representatives of Skadden to propose a

37



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 47/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

termination fee of  $150 million (equivalent to approximately 3.0% of equity value) and further authorized senior
management to agree to a fee of up to 3.2% of equity value. Thereafter, representatives of BofA Merrill Lynch
reviewed SS&C’s financing plans, including the proposed terms of SS&C’s debt commitment letter.

On January 8, 2018, Skadden, on behalf of DST, provided Davis Polk with a revised draft of the merger
agreement. The revised draft included a termination fee of  $150 million.

On January 9, 2018, Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone discussed key open issues in the merger agreement,
including the amount of the termination fee and compensation issues, including the treatment of equity awards
and other benefits (e.g., retention and severance). Following negotiation, Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone agreed to a
termination fee equal to 3.2% of equity value and reached agreement on treatment of equity awards.

Additionally, on January 9, 2018, the Board of Directors met telephonically to discuss the results of the
meeting between Mr. Hooley and Mr. Stone.

Finally, on January 9, 2018, Davis Polk, on behalf of SS&C, provided Skadden with a revised draft of the
merger agreement.

On January 10, 2018, representatives of Skadden and Davis Polk discussed the merger agreement. Later that
afternoon, an unauthorized media report speculated that DST and SS&C were in advanced negotiations with
respect to a sale of DST at a price of approximately $84.00 per share. Shares of DST common stock rose to
$80.68 per share after the media report on January 10, 2018, having opened trading that day at $65.15 per share.
The NYSE briefly halted trading of DST’s common stock. The closing stock price of DST common stock on
January 10, 2018 was $79.89.

Additionally, late in the day on January 10, 2018, after representatives of Skadden advised representatives of
Davis Polk that SS&C was permitted to contact Mr. Hooley and provide a draft of the transitional employment
letter, representatives of SS&C provided Mr. Hooley with a transitional employment letter providing for a
transition period of ongoing employment at SS&C following the anticipated closing of the merger and
Mr. Hooley’s legal counsel contacted Davis Polk to discuss the terms of the transitional employment letter.

Late in the day on January 10, 2018 and into January 11, 2018, representatives of the parties further
negotiated, and reached resolution on, the remaining open points of the merger agreement, which included issues
with respect to treatment of equity awards and post-closing benefits for DST employees, the parties’ required
efforts to obtain applicable regulatory approvals and obligations under the interim operating covenants.

During the evening of January 10, 2018, the Board of Directors met telephonically to consider SS&C’s offer
and the terms of the merger agreement. Members of senior management and representatives of BofA Merrill
Lynch and Skadden also were in attendance. Mr. Hooley provided the Board of Directors with an update
regarding the status of discussions with SS&C, including that SS&C had presented him with a post-closing
transitional employment opportunity. Thereafter, representatives of Skadden discussed with the Board of
Directors the fiduciary duties of directors in connection with evaluating DST’s strategic alternatives and the terms
of the merger agreement, including, among other things, the parties’ respective termination rights (including
DST’s right to terminate the merger agreement if the Board of Directors, in the exercise of its fiduciary duties,
changes its recommendation under the proposed merger agreement to enter into an agreement with respect to a
superior proposal), the termination fee, the obligations of the parties to obtain applicable regulatory approvals, the
definition of a “material adverse effect” and the applicable closing conditions. Additionally, the Board of
Directors considered and discussed its reasons for approving the merger and the adoption of the merger
agreement, which are set forth in detail in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — 
Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 39. Also at this
meeting, BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed with the Board of Directors its financial analysis of the merger
consideration and delivered to the Board of Directors an oral opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion, dated January 10, 2018, to the effect that, as of that date and based on and subject to various
assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received in the merger by
holders of DST common stock was

38



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 48/196

• Premium to Market Price.   The fact that the merger consideration of  $84.00 per share to be received
by the holders of shares of DST common stock in the merger represents a significant premium over the
market price at which shares of DST common stock traded prior to the announcement of the execution
of the merger agreement, including the fact that the merger consideration of  $84.00 per share
represents an approximate premium of:

• approximately 40% over the closing stock price on December 14, 2017, the date on which the
Board of Directors authorized management to progress discussions with the SS&C at a price of 
$84.00 per share;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders. During the meeting, the independent, non-executive members
of the Board of Directors met separately with representatives from Skadden to discuss the proposed transaction
and Mr. Hooley’s post-closing employment. After discussing the proposed transaction, the Board of Directors
authorized Mr. Hooley to finalize certain open deal points relating to the treatment of employee equity awards
and other compensation matters with Mr. Stone. It also authorized Mr. Hooley to indicate to Mr. Stone that it was
the Board of Directors’ view that the terms of Mr. Hooley’s post-closing employment should be discussed
following announcement of a transaction, and negotiated in due course between SS&C and Mr. Hooley’s counsel.
The Board of Directors determined to reconvene the meeting during the morning of January 11, 2018.

During the evening of January 10, 2018, Mr. Hooley contacted Mr. Stone and they finalized the remaining
issues relating to employee equity awards and other compensation matters and agreed that the terms of
Mr. Hooley’s post-closing employment would be discussed following the commencement of the proposed
transaction.

During the morning of January 11, 2018, the Board of Directors reconvened telephonically to consider the
final material terms of the merger agreement. After discussing the proposed transaction and considering the
presentations by Skadden and BofA Merrill Lynch, the Board of Directors unanimously determined the
transactions with SS&C to be advisable, fair to, and in the best interests of DST’s stockholders, determined to
adopt the merger agreement and resolved to recommend adoption of the merger agreement by DST’s
stockholders. Following the meeting, the merger agreement was executed by the parties later in the morning of
January 11, 2018.

On January 11, 2018, prior to the opening of trading of DST’s common stock on NYSE, DST and SS&C
issued a joint press release announcing the execution of the merger agreement.

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

Recommendation of Our Board of Directors to Adopt the Merger Agreement, thereby Approving the
Transactions Contemplated by the Merger Agreement

On January 11, 2018, the Board of Directors, after considering various factors described below, unanimously
(i) approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, (ii) determined
that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, are advisable, fair to,
and in the best interests of DST and its stockholders; (iii) approved and authorized the execution, delivery and
performance by DST of the merger agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby,
including the merger; (iv) resolved to recommend that DST’s stockholders vote in favor of the adoption and
approval of the merger agreement; and (v) directed that the adoption of the merger agreement and the approval of
the merger be submitted to DST’s stockholders.

The Board of Directors recommends that you vote “FOR” the proposal to adopt the merger
agreement, thereby approving the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the
merger.

Reasons for the Merger

In recommending that DST’s stockholders vote in favor of the merger proposal, the Board of Directors
considered a number of potentially positive factors, including, but not limited to, the following (not necessarily in
order of relative importance):

39



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 49/196

• approximately 29% over the highest stock price of shares of DST common stock during the 52-
week period ended January 9, 2018, the last trading day prior to market rumors regarding the
merger;

• approximately 40% over the volume weighted average stock price of shares of DST common
stock during the 90 days ended January 9, 2018;

• approximately 35% over the volume weighted average stock price of shares of DST common
stock during the 30 days ended January 9, 2018; and

• approximately 29% over the closing stock price on January 9, 2018.

• Form of Consideration.   The fact that the proposed merger consideration is all cash, which provides
stockholders certainty of value and liquidity for their shares of DST common stock.

• Opinion of DSTs Financial Advisor.   The opinion of BofA Merrill Lynch, dated January 10, 2018, to
the Board of Directors as to the fairness, from a financial point of view and as of the date of the
opinion, to the holders of DST common stock of the merger consideration to be received by such
holders, as more fully described below in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — The Merger — Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 43.

• Ability to Reach Deal Price.   The Board of Directors considered the possibility, that if DST did not
enter into the merger agreement and remained an independent public company, it could take a
considerable amount of time and involve a substantial amount of risk before the trading price of the
shares of DST common stock would reach and sustain the $84.00 per share value of the merger
consideration, as adjusted for present value.

• Fair Value.   The Board of Directors believed that the merger represents fair value for the shares of
DST common stock, taking into account the Board of Directors’ familiarity with DST’s current and
historical financial condition, results of operations, business, competitive position and prospects, as
well as DST’s future business plan and potential long-term value.

• Loss of Opportunity.   The Board of Directors considered the possibility that, if it declined to adopt the
merger agreement, there may not be another opportunity for DST’s stockholders to receive a
comparably priced transaction and that the short-term market price for the shares of DST common
stock could fall below the value of the merger consideration, and possibly substantially below the value
of the merger consideration.

• Market Check.   The Board of Directors, with the assistance of BofA Merrill Lynch, considered other
parties that would be most likely to have an interest in acquiring DST, taking into consideration, in
particular, the likelihood of such other parties being willing to acquire DST at a price that would be
competitive with SS&C’s proposed price range, synergies that may be available to strategic buyers, and
the financial ability of any party to complete a business combination with DST. Based on prior
discussions between representatives of DST and financial sponsors, and after considering BofA Merrill
Lynch’s advice that financial sponsors were unlikely to be willing to acquire DST at a price at the high
end of the preliminary per share range proposed by SS&C and that Party B, Party C and Party D were
most likely of the strategic buyers considered to have a strategic interest in, and be willing to pay a
competitive price for, DST, the Board of Directors solicited the interest of Party B, Party C and Party
D, and the Board of Directors considered the fact that none of the parties contacted indicated an interest
in discussing a strategic transaction with DST.

• Arms-Length Negotiations. The fact that the Board of Directors and DST’s senior management, in
coordination with DST’s outside legal and financial advisors, vigorously negotiated on an arms-length
basis with SS&C with respect to price and other terms and conditions of the merger agreement,
including obtaining price increases by SS&C from its initial indicative price range of high-$70’s to
mid-$80’s to a price of  $84.00 per share. In particular, the Board of Directors noted that on all matters
senior management acted in consultation with the lead independent director, who engaged with the
Board of Directors, and on compensation matters also consulted with the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

40



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 50/196

• Review of Strategic Alternatives.   The Board of Directors considered, after a thorough review of DST’s
long-term strategic goals and opportunities, competitive environment and short- and long-term
performance in light of DST’s strategic plan, and discussions with DST’s senior management and
DST’s outside legal and financial advisors, the challenges and risks of continuing as a stand-alone
public company and the potential strategic alternatives available to DST. The Board of Directors
determined that the value offered to DST’s stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement is more
favorable to DST’s stockholders than the alternative of remaining an independent public company and
pursuing DST’s long-term plan (taking into account the potential risks, rewards and uncertainties
associated therewith).

• Risks Inherent in DST’s Business Plan.   The Board of Directors considered DST’s short-term and long-
term financial projections and the perceived challenges and risks associated with DST’s ability to meet
such projections, including the risks and uncertainties described in the “risk factors” and “forward
looking statements” sections of DST’s disclosures filed with the SEC.

• Opportunity for Long-Term Revenue Growth.   The fact that DST has carefully reviewed and
considered its opportunities with respect to its ability to achieve long-term growth and has identified
substantial challenges to achieving such growth.

• Board Carefully Studied the Transaction.   The fact that the Board of Directors met, along with DST’s
financial and legal advisors, to evaluate and discuss the material terms and conditions of, and other
matters related to, the merger, in person and telephonically nine times between October 31, 2017, the
date that representatives of SS&C first proposed a business transaction to representatives of DST, and
January 11, 2018, the date the merger agreement was signed.

• Terms of the Merger Agreement.   The Board of Directors considered that the provisions of the merger
agreement, including the respective representations, warranties and covenants and termination rights of
the parties and termination fees payable by DST, are reasonable and customary. The Board of Directors
also believed that the terms of the merger agreement include the most favorable terms reasonably
attainable from SS&C.

• Conditions to the Consummation of the Merger; Likelihood of Closing.   The Board of Directors
considered the reasonable likelihood of the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement in light of the conditions in the merger agreement to the obligations of SS&C, as
well as DST’s ability to seek specific performance to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of the
merger agreement, including to cause the merger to be consummated if all of the conditions to SS&C’s
obligations to effect the merger closing have been satisfied or waived.

• Regulatory Approvals.   The Board of Directors considered the fact that the merger agreement requires
that SS&C use its reasonable best efforts to take actions necessary to satisfy the regulatory conditions
and provides an appropriate “end date” by which time it is reasonable to expect that the regulatory
conditions are likely to be satisfied.

• No Financing Condition.   The Board of Directors considered SS&C’s representations and covenants
contained in the merger agreement relating to SS&C’s financing commitments and the fact that the
merger is not subject to a financing condition. The Board of Directors also considered the delivery by
SS&C of a debt commitment letter by banks of international reputation and reviewed the terms and
conditions thereof.

• Creditworthiness.   The Board of Directors considered the fact that SS&C is a creditworthy entity with
substantial assets, and the merger agreement does not limit DST’s rights to pursue damages or specific
performance in the event of a financing failure.

• Ability to Respond to Certain Unsolicited Takeover Proposals.   The Board of Directors considered the
fact that, while the merger agreement restricts DST’s ability to actively solicit competing bids to
acquire it, the Board of Directors has rights, under certain circumstances, to engage in

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Chairman of the Compensation Committee. As to matters related to potential transitional services to be
provided by the Chief Executive Officer, arrangements were not discussed with SS&C at all until
substantially all terms of the merger agreement were agreed.

41



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 51/196

• Buyer Experience.   The Board of Directors considered the proven track record and ability of SS&C to
complete transactions on agreed upon terms.

• Appraisal Rights.   The Board of Directors considered the availability of appraisal rights with respect to
the merger for DST stockholders who properly exercise their rights under the DGCL, which would give
these stockholders the ability to seek and be paid a judicially determined appraisal of the “fair value” of
their shares at the completion of the merger.

• Retention of Key Employees.   The Board of Directors’ belief that a retention plan for management and
certain employees of DST that DST would be permitted to implement in connection with the merger
would help assure the continuity of management, and increase the likelihood of the successful
operation of DST during the period prior to closing.

• No Stockholder Participation in Future Growth or Earnings.   The fact that DST’s stockholders will
lose the opportunity to realize the potential long-term value of the successful execution of DST’s
current strategy as an independent public company.

• Impact of Announcement on DST.   The fact that the announcement and pendency of the merger, or the
failure to complete the merger, may result in significant costs to DST and cause substantial harm to
DST’s relationships with its employees (including making it more difficult to attract and retain key
personnel and the possible loss of key management and other personnel) and its customers, providers,
suppliers and regulators.

• Diversion of Management Attention.   The Board of Directors considered the substantial time and effort
of management required to consummate the merger, which could disrupt DST’s business operations
and may divert employees’ attention away from DST’s day-to-day operations.

• Tax Treatment.   The fact that the merger would be a transaction in which gain or loss is recognized by
DST’s stockholders for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

• Closing Certainty.   The fact that there can be no assurance that all conditions to the parties’ obligations
to consummate the merger will be satisfied, including approval by DST’s stockholders and the approval
of certain regulatory authorities, including the FCA.

• Financing Risk.   The Board of Directors considered the risk that the debt financing contemplated by
the debt commitment letter will not be obtained, resulting in SS&C having insufficient funds to
consummate the merger, and the risk that the duration of SS&C’s marketing period exposes DST to
additional risk following the satisfaction of all conditions.

• No Auction Process.   The fact that DST decided not to engage in a wide-spread competitive bid
process or other broad solicitation of interest (and instead undertook a pre-market check with Party B,
Party C and Party D) and had only engaged in negotiations with SS&C regarding a potential transaction
prior to the execution of the merger agreement on January 11, 2018.

• Pre-Closing Covenants.   The Board of Directors considered the restrictions on DST’s conduct of
business prior to completion of the merger, which could delay or prevent DST from undertaking
business opportunities that may arise or taking other actions with respect to its operations during the
pendency of the merger without SS&C’s consent.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

discussions with, and provide information to, third parties submitting unsolicited acquisition proposals
and to terminate the merger agreement in order to enter into an alternative acquisition agreement that
the Board of Directors determines to be a superior proposal, provided that DST concurrently pays a
$165,000,000 termination fee. The Board further considered that the timing of the merger would
provide ample opportunity for such third parties to submit proposals.

The Board of Directors also considered and balanced against the potentially positive factors a number of
uncertainties, risks and other potentially negative factors in its deliberations concerning the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including, but not limited to, the following (not necessarily
in order of relative importance):

42



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 52/196

• No Solicitation.   The Board of Directors considered the restrictions in the merger agreement on DST’s
ability to actively solicit competing bids to acquire it.

• Termination Fee.   The Board of Directors considered the termination fee of  $165,000,000 that could
become payable to SS&C under specified circumstances, including upon the termination of the merger
agreement in order to enter into an agreement with respect to a superior proposal and concluded that
the termination fee is reasonable in amount and will not unduly deter any other party that might be
interested in acquiring DST.

(1) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to DST;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

After taking into account all of the factors set forth above, as well as others, the Board of Directors
concluded that the risks, uncertainties, restrictions and potentially negative factors associated with the merger
were outweighed by the potential benefits of the merger to DST’s stockholders.

The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the Board of Directors is not intended to be exhaustive,
but summarizes the material factors considered by the Board of Directors. In light of the variety of factors
considered in connection with their evaluation of the merger agreement and the merger, the Board of Directors
did not find it practicable to, and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors
considered in reaching their determinations and recommendations. Moreover, each member of the Board of
Directors applied his or her own personal business judgment to the process and may have given different weight
to different factors. The Board of Directors did not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether
any factor, or any particular aspect of any factor, supported or did not support their ultimate determinations. The
Board of Directors based their recommendations on the totality of the information presented, including thorough
discussions with, and questioning of, DST’s senior management and the Board of Directors’ financial advisor and
outside legal counsel. It should be noted that this explanation of the reasoning of the Board of Directors and
certain information presented in this section is forward-looking in nature and should be read in light of the
factors set forth in “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 23.

Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor

DST has retained BofA Merrill Lynch to act as DST’s financial advisor in connection with the merger. BofA
Merrill Lynch is an internationally recognized investment banking firm which is regularly engaged in the
valuation of businesses and securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings,
secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for corporate and other
purposes. DST selected BofA Merrill Lynch to act as DST’s financial advisor in connection with the merger on
the basis of BofA Merrill Lynch’s experience in transactions similar to the merger, its reputation in the investment
community and its familiarity with DST and its business.

On January 10, 2018, at a meeting of the Board of Directors held to evaluate the merger, BofA Merrill
Lynch delivered to the Board of Directors an oral opinion, which was confirmed by delivery of a written opinion
dated January 10, 2018, to the effect that, as of the date of the opinion and based on and subject to various
assumptions and limitations described in its opinion, the merger consideration to be received by holders of shares
of DST common stock was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The full text of BofA Merrill Lynch’s written opinion to the Board of Directors, which describes,
among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, factors considered and limitations on the
review undertaken by BofA Merrill Lynch in rendering its opinion, is attached as Annex B to this
document and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. The following summary of BofA Merrill
Lynch’s opinion is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. BofA Merrill Lynch
delivered its opinion to the Board of Directors for the benefit and use of the Board of Directors (in its
capacity as such) in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the merger consideration from a
financial point of view. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion does not address any other aspect of the merger and
no opinion or view was expressed as to the relative merits of the merger in comparison to other strategies
or transactions that might be available to DST or in which DST might engage or as to the underlying
business decision of DST to proceed with or effect the merger. BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion also does not
constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote or act in connection with the proposed
merger or any other matter.

In connection with rendering its opinion, BofA Merrill Lynch has, among other things:

43



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 53/196

(2) reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations
and prospects of DST furnished to or discussed with BofA Merrill Lynch by the management of DST,
including certain financial forecasts relating to DST prepared by the management of DST, referred to
herein as DST management forecasts;

(3) reviewed certain analyses relating to the value of certain non-core assets of DST, including holdings of
certain liquid and illiquid securities as well as non-operating and joint venture real estate assets,
furnished to or discussed with BofA Merrill Lynch by the management of DST, referred to herein as the
DST non-core asset valuations;

(4) discussed the past and current business, operations, financial condition and prospects of DST with
members of senior management of DST;

(5) reviewed the trading history for DST common stock and a comparison of that trading history with the
trading histories of other companies BofA Merrill Lynch deemed relevant;

(6) compared certain financial and stock market information of DST with similar information of other
companies BofA Merrill Lynch deemed relevant;

(7) compared certain financial terms of the merger to financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
other transactions BofA Merrill Lynch deemed relevant;

(8) considered the results of BofA Merrill Lynch’s efforts on behalf of DST to solicit, at the direction of
DST, indications of interest from third parties with respect to a possible acquisition of DST;

(9) reviewed the draft, dated January 9, 2018, of the merger agreement, which we refer to as the Draft
Agreement; and

(10) performed such other analyses and studies and considered such other information and factors as BofA
Merrill Lynch deemed appropriate.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In arriving at its opinion, BofA Merrill Lynch assumed and relied upon, without independent verification,
the accuracy and completeness of the financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to
or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with BofA Merrill Lynch and relied upon the assurances of the
management of DST that it was not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such information or
data inaccurate or misleading in any material respect. With respect to the DST management forecasts, BofA
Merrill Lynch was advised by DST, and assumed, that they were reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and good faith judgments of the management of DST as to the future financial
performance of DST, including the expected impact thereon of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which we refer to as
the TCJA. BofA Merrill Lynch did not make and was not provided with any independent evaluation or appraisal
of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of DST (other than the DST non-core asset valuations, which
BofA Merrill Lynch relied upon without independent verification), nor did it make any physical inspection of the
properties or assets of DST. BofA Merrill Lynch did not evaluate the solvency or fair value of DST or SS&C
under any state, federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. BofA Merrill Lynch
assumed, at the direction of DST, that the merger would be consummated in accordance with its terms, without
waiver, modification or amendment of any material term, condition or agreement and that, in the course of
obtaining the necessary governmental, regulatory and other approvals, consents, releases and waivers for the
merger, no delay, limitation, restriction or condition, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or
modifications, would be imposed that would have an adverse effect on DST. BofA Merrill Lynch also assumed,
at the direction of DST, that the final executed merger agreement would not differ in any material respect from
the Draft Agreement reviewed by it.

BofA Merrill Lynch expressed no opinion or view as to any terms or other aspects or implications of the
merger (other than the merger consideration to the extent expressly specified in its opinion), including, without
limitation, the form or structure of the merger, any related transactions or any other agreement, arrangement or
understanding entered into in connection with or related to the merger or otherwise BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion
was limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be received by the
holders of shares of DST common stock and no opinion or view was expressed with respect to any consideration
received in connection with the merger by the holders of any

44



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 54/196

• Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc.

• Computershare Limited

• Fidelity National Information Services, Inc.

• Fiserv, Inc.

• Jack Henry & Associates, Inc.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

other class of securities, creditors or other constituencies of any party. In addition, no opinion or view was
expressed with respect to the fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount, nature or any other aspect of any
compensation to any of the officers, directors or employees of any party to the merger, or class of such persons,
relative to the merger consideration or otherwise. Furthermore, no opinion or view was expressed as to the
relative merits of the merger in comparison to other strategies or transactions that might be available to DST or in
which DST might engage or as to the underlying business decision of DST to proceed with or effect the merger.
BofA Merrill Lynch also did not express any opinion or view with respect to, and BofA Merrill Lynch relied, at
the direction of DST, upon the assessments of representatives of DST regarding, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax
and similar matters relating to DST or the merger, as to which matters BofA Merrill Lynch understood that DST
obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified professionals. In particular, BofA Merrill Lynch
noted that numerous details with respect to the implementation of the TCJA remain to be developed through the
promulgation of related regulations and interpretations and possible technical corrections legislation. The precise
effects of the TCJA on DST and the merger cannot be ascertained with certainty, and BofA Merrill Lynch
expressed no opinion or view with respect to such effects. In addition, BofA Merrill Lynch expressed no opinion
or recommendation as to how any stockholder should vote or act in connection with the merger or any other
matter.

BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion was necessarily based on financial, economic, monetary, market and other
conditions and circumstances as in effect on, and the information made available to BofA Merrill Lynch as of, the
date of its opinion. It should be understood that subsequent developments may affect its opinion, and BofA
Merrill Lynch does not have any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion. The issuance of BofA Merrill
Lynch’s opinion was approved by a fairness opinion review committee of BofA Merrill Lynch. Except as
described in this summary, DST imposed no other limitations on the investigations made or procedures followed
by BofA Merrill Lynch in rendering its opinion.

The discussion set forth below in the following section entitled “Summary of Material DST Financial
Analyses” represents a brief summary of the material financial analyses presented by BofA Merrill Lynch to the
Board of Directors in connection with its opinion. The financial analyses summarized below include
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses performed by
BofA Merrill Lynch, the tables must be read together with the text of each summary. The tables alone do
not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses performed by BofA Merrill Lynch.
Considering the data set forth in the tables below without considering the full narrative description of the
financial analyses, including the methodologies and assumptions underlying the analyses, could create a
misleading or incomplete view of the financial analyses performed by BofA Merrill Lynch.

Summary of Material DST Financial Analyses

Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis.   BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed publicly available financial
and stock market information for DST and the following publicly traded companies: (i) three companies engaged
in the financial services industry with calendar year 2018 estimated revenue growth of 3.5% or lower, which we
refer to as the Primary Financial Services Companies, (ii) four companies engaged in the financial services
industry with calendar year 2018 estimated revenue growth of greater than 3.5%, which we refer to as the Other
Financial Services Companies, and (iii) six companies engaged in the healthcare industry, which we refer to as
the Healthcare Services Companies, each of which BofA Merrill Lynch considered to have operations or to
participate in end markets so as to be relevant to BofA Merrill Lynch’s analysis.

The three Primary Financial Services Companies were as follows:

The four Other Financial Services Companies were as follows:

45



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 55/196

• SEI Investments Company

• SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc.

• Cotiviti Holdings, Inc.

• CVS Health Corporation

• Express Scripts Holding Company

• HMS Holdings Corp.

• Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc.
• Premier, Inc.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The six Healthcare Services Companies were as follows:

BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed, among other things, per share equity values, based on closing stock prices on
January 9, 2018, of the selected publicly traded companies as a multiple of calendar year 2018 estimated earnings
per share, commonly referred to as EPS, adjusted to exclude amortization of intangibles and one-time non-
recurring items, which we refer to as adjusted EPS. The overall low to high calendar year 2018 estimated
adjusted EPS multiples observed for the Primary Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services
Companies and Healthcare Services Companies ranged from 17.2x to 23.8x (with a median of 19.8x), 20.1x to
30.7x (with a median of 25.4x) and 10.3x to 27.5x (with a median of 19.8x), respectively. BofA Merrill Lynch
then applied calendar year 2018 adjusted EPS multiples of 17.5x to 21.5x derived from the selected publicly
traded companies, based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment and experience, to DST’s calendar year
2018 estimated adjusted EPS. In applying the calendar year 2018 adjusted EPS multiples, BofA Merrill Lynch
took into consideration, among other things, the observed data for the selected publicly traded companies and for
DST, the historical trading prices of DST common stock and the common stocks of the selected publicly traded
companies and the differences in the financial profiles of DST and the selected publicly traded companies,
including that DST had: a next twelve months’(commonly referred to as NTM) adjusted EPS multiple and an
NTM adjusted EPS multiple, further adjusted to exclude the value of certain non-core assets of DST, which we
refer to as the Adjusted DST NTM EPS Multiple, that were 1.7x, 7.3x and 1.7x lower and 3.6x, 9.2x and 3.6x
lower than the median NTM adjusted EPS multiple for each of the Primary Financial Services Companies, Other
Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies, respectively, based on closing stock prices on
January 9, 2018; an average NTM adjusted EPS multiple and an average Adjusted DST NTM EPS Multiple that
were 1.9x, 5.4x and 1.7x lower and 5.7x, 9.2x and 5.5x lower than the average of the median NTM adjusted EPS
multiples for each of the Primary Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and
Healthcare Services Companies, respectively, for the twelve months ended January 9, 2018; an average NTM
adjusted EPS multiple and an average Adjusted DST NTM EPS Multiple that were 1.0x, 5.0x and 3.5x lower and
7.3x, 11.4x and 9.9x lower than the average of the median NTM adjusted EPS multiples for each of the Primary
Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies,
respectively, for the three-year period ended January 9, 2018; and an average NTM adjusted EPS multiple and an
average Adjusted DST NTM EPS Multiple that were 0.5x, 4.1x and 4.3x lower and 7.0x, 10.6x and 10.8x lower
than the average of the median NTM adjusted EPS multiples for each of the Primary Financial Services
Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies, respectively, for the five-
year period ended January 9, 2018. Estimated financial data of the selected publicly traded companies were based
on publicly available research analysts’ estimates, and estimated financial data of DST were based on the DST
management forecasts. In addition, the estimated adjusted EPS of the selected publicly traded companies (which
were published prior to the enactment of the TCJA) were not revised to reflect the impact of the TCJA, and the
estimated adjusted EPS of DST was adjusted on a pro forma basis as if the TCJA had not been enacted. This
analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges for DST, as
compared to the merger consideration:

Implied Per Share Equity Value Reference Ranges for DST Merger Consideration

2018E Adj. EPS

$59.75 – $73.50 $84.00

46



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 56/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sum of the Parts — Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis.   BofA Merrill Lynch performed a
separate selected publicly traded company analysis for DST’s domestic and international financial services
segments and DST’s healthcare services segment, and compared the sum of the values so obtained with the
merger consideration. The selected publicly traded companies that were deemed relevant to DST’s domestic and
international financial services segments were the Primary Financial Services Companies and the Other Financial
Services Companies, and the selected publicly traded companies that were deemed relevant to DST’s healthcare
services segment were the Healthcare Services Companies. Estimated financial data of the selected publicly
traded companies were based on publicly available research analysts’ estimates and estimated financial data of
DST’s domestic and international financial services and health services segments were based on the DST
management forecasts.

BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed enterprise values of the Primary Financial Services Companies, Other
Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies, calculated as equity values based on closing
stock prices on January 9, 2018, plus debt and minority interests, less cash, as a multiple of calendar year 2018
estimated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciations and amortization, commonly referred to as EBITDA,
adjusted to exclude one-time non-recurring items, which we refer to as adjusted EBITDA. Because EBITDA
measures earnings before taxes, no adjustment to the estimated EBITDA multiples for the selected publicly
traded companies or for DST was deemed necessary in respect of the TCJA. The overall low to high calendar
year 2018 adjusted EBITDA multiples observed for Primary Financial Services Companies, Other Financial
Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies ranged from 12.8x to 14.4x (with a median of 12.9x),
15.5x to 16.9x (with a median of 15.9x) and 7.5x to 14.3x (with a median of 11.1x), respectively. BofA Merrill
Lynch then applied calendar year 2018 adjusted EBITDA multiples of 9.0x to 12.0x derived from Primary
Financial Services Companies and Other Financial Services Companies, based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s
professional judgment and experience, to DST’s calendar year 2018 estimated adjusted EBITDA for its domestic
and international financial services segments and applied calendar year 2018 adjusted EBITDA multiples of 9.0x
to 13.0x derived from Healthcare Services Companies, based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment and
experience, to DST’s calendar year 2018 estimated adjusted EBITDA for its healthcare services segment. In
applying the calendar year 2018 adjusted EBITDA multiples, BofA Merrill Lynch took into consideration, among
other things, the observed data for the selected publicly traded companies and for DST, the historical trading
prices of DST common stock and the common stocks of the selected publicly traded companies and the
differences in the financial profiles of DST and the selected publicly traded companies, including that DST had:
an NTM adjusted EBITDA multiple and an NTM adjusted EBITDA multiple, further adjusted to exclude the
value of certain non-core assets of DST, which we refer to as the Adjusted DST NTM EBITDA Multiple, that
were 3.4x, 6.4x and 1.6x lower and 4.3x, 7.3x and 2.5x lower than the median NTM adjusted EBITDA multiple
for each of the Primary Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare
Services Companies, respectively, based on closing stock prices on January 9, 2018; an average NTM adjusted
EBITDA multiple and an average Adjusted DST NTM EBITDA Multiple that were 2.7x, 4.8x and 1.0x lower
and 4.1x, 6.1x and 2.4x lower than the average of the median NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples for each of the
Primary Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services
Companies, respectively, for the twelve months ended January 9, 2018; an average NTM adjusted EBITDA
multiple and an average Adjusted DST NTM EBITDA Multiple that were 1.5x, 3.6x and 0.9x lower and 3.6x,
5.7x and 3.0x lower than the average of the median NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples for each of the Primary
Financial Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies,
respectively, for the three-year period ended January 9, 2018; and an average NTM adjusted EBITDA multiple
and an average Adjusted DST NTM EBITDA Multiple that were 1.1x, 2.8x and 1.3x lower and 3.3x, 5.0x and
3.5x lower than the average of the median NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples for each of the Primary Financial
Services Companies, Other Financial Services Companies and Healthcare Services Companies, respectively, for
the five-year period ended January 9, 2018. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied equity
value reference ranges for DST’s domestic and international financial services and healthcare services segments:

47



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 57/196

• Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC • DH Corporation
• Computer Sciences Corporation • Xchanging Plc
• Fidelity National Information Services Inc. • SunGard
• DH Corporation • Harland Financial Solutions, Inc.
• Fidelity National Financial, Inc. • Lender Processing Services, Inc.
• Fiserv, Inc. • Open Solutions Inc.
• Vista Equity Partners Management, LLC • Misys Ltd.
• SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. • GlobeOp Financial Services S.A.
• DH Corporation • Mortgagebot LLC.
• CoreLogic, Inc. • RP Data Limited

• Diplomat Pharmacy, Inc. • Leehar Distributors, LLC
• Veritas Capital Fund Management, LLC • Verisk Health, Inc.
• UnitedHealth Group Inc. • Catamaran Corporation
• Rite Aid Corporation • Envision Pharmaceutical Services,

LLC
• The Blackstone Group LP • Emdeon Inc.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

DST Segment

Implied Equity 
Value Reference 
Ranges (millions)

Domestic and International Financial Services $3,138 – $4,184
Healthcare Services $ 899 – $1,298

BofA Merrill Lynch then subtracted from the combined implied equity value reference ranges of DST’s
segments net debt (defined as total debt minus cash) of DST as of December 31, 2017, divided the resulting
equity values by the fully diluted number of shares of DST common stock and adjusted the resulting per share
equity value reference ranges to include the value of certain interests in joint ventures and certain non-core assets
of DST, including holdings of certain liquid and illiquid securities as well as non-operating and joint venture real
estate assets. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges
for DST, as compared to the merger consideration:

Implied Per Share Equity Value Reference Ranges for DST Merger Consideration

2018E Adj. EBITDA

$64 – $88 $84.00

Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis.   BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed certain financial information
relating to the following selected transactions, for which such information was publicly available: (i) ten
transactions involving companies in the financial services industry, which we refer to as the Precedent Financial
Services Transactions, and (ii) five transactions involving companies in the healthcare services industry, which
we refer to as the Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions.

The ten Precedent Financial Services Transactions were as follows:

Date Announced Acquiror(s) Target

3/13/2017
12/9/2015
8/12/2015
7/23/2013
5/28/2013
1/14/2013
3/19/2012
3/14/2012
3/24/2011
1/12/2011

The five Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions were as follows:

Date Announced Acquiror Target

11/15/2017
4/25/2016
3/30/2015
2/11/2015

8/4/2011

BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed transaction values of the selected precedent transactions, calculated as the
enterprise value implied for the target company based on the consideration payable in the selected transaction, as
a multiple of the target company’s estimated NTM adjusted EBITDA. The overall low to high multiples of the
target companies’ estimated NTM adjusted EBITDA for the Precedent Financial Services Transactions and
Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions ranged from 7.1x to 11.5x (with an

48



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 58/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

average of 9.6x and a median of 9.9x) and 10.4x to 14.8x (with an average of 12.4x and a median of 12.9x),
respectively. BofA Merrill Lynch then applied NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples of 9.5x to 13.0x derived from
the selected transactions to DST’s calendar year 2018 estimated adjusted EBITDA. Estimated financial data of
the selected transactions were based on publicly available information and estimated financial data of DST were
based on the DST management forecasts. Because EBITDA measures earnings before taxes, no adjustment to the
estimated EBITDA multiples for the selected precedent transactions or for DST was deemed necessary in respect
of the TCJA. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges
for DST, as compared to the merger consideration:

Implied Per Share Equity Value Reference Ranges for DST Merger Consideration

2018E Adj. EBITDA

$61.00 – $86.50 $84.00

Sum of the Parts — Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis.   BofA Merrill Lynch performed a separate
selected precedent transactions analysis for DST’s domestic and international financial services segments and
DST’s healthcare services segment, as if each were to be individually sold and compared the sum of the values so
obtained with the merger consideration. The selected precedent transactions that were deemed relevant to a
potential sale of DST’s domestic and international financial services segments were the Precedent Financial
Services Transactions, and the selected precedent transactions that were deemed relevant to a potential sale of
DST’s healthcare services segment were the Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions. Estimated financial data
of the selected precedent transactions were based on publicly available research analysts’ estimates and estimated
financial data of DST’s domestic and international financial services and health services segments were based on
the DST management forecasts.

BofA Merrill Lynch reviewed transaction values of the Precedent Financial Services Transactions and
Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions, calculated as the enterprise value implied for the target company
based on the consideration payable in the selected transaction, as a multiple of the target company’s estimated
NTM adjusted EBITDA. Because EBITDA measures earnings before taxes, no adjustment to the estimated
EBITDA multiples for the selected precedent transactions or for DST was deemed necessary in respect of the
TCJA. The overall low to high NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples observed for Precedent Financial Services
Transactions and Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions ranged from 7.1x to 11.5x (with an average of 9.6x
and a median of 9.9x) and 10.4x to 14.8x (with an average of 12.4x and a median of 12.9x), respectively. BofA
Merrill Lynch then applied NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples of 9.5x to 12.5x derived from Precedent Financial
Services Transactions to DST’s calendar year 2018 estimated adjusted EBITDA for its domestic and international
financial services segments and applied NTM adjusted EBITDA multiples of 10.0x to 14.0x derived from
Precedent Healthcare Services Transactions to DST’s calendar year 2018 estimated adjusted EBITDA for its
healthcare services segment. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied equity value reference
ranges for DST’s domestic and international financial services and healthcare services segments, adjusted in the
case of the healthcare services segment for certain tax consequences resulting from a sale of such segment:

DST Segment

Implied Equity 
Value Reference 
Ranges (millions)

Domestic and International Financial Services $3,312 – $4,358
Healthcare Services $ 749 – $1,040

BofA Merrill Lynch then subtracted from the combined implied equity value reference ranges of DST’s
segments net debt (defined as total debt minus cash) of DST as of December 31, 2017, divided the resulting
equity values by the fully diluted number of shares of DST common stock and adjusted the resulting per share
equity value reference ranges to include the value of certain interests in joint ventures and certain non-core assets
of DST, including holdings of certain liquid and illiquid securities as well as non-operating and joint venture real
estate assets. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value reference ranges
for DST, as compared to the merger consideration:

49



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 59/196

• historical trading prices of DST common stock during the five-year period ended January 9, 2018,
noting, as a reference point, an all-time high of  $67.08 on July 16, 2015; and

• the present value of analyst one-year forward price targets, discounted by one year at DST’s estimated
midpoint cost of equity of 11.2%, noting, as reference points, that such price targets ranged between
$54.75 and $68.25.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Implied Per Share Equity Value Reference Ranges for DST Merger Consideration

2018E Adj. EBITDA

$64.50 – $86.75 $84.00

No company, business or transaction used in the preceding “Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis,”
“Sum of the Parts — Selected Publicly Traded Companies Analysis,” “Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis”
and “Sum of the Parts — Selected Precedent Transactions Analysis” sections is identical or directly comparable
to DST or the merger. Accordingly, an evaluation of the results of each analysis is not entirely mathematical.
Rather, each analysis involves complex considerations and judgments concerning differences in financial and
operating characteristics and other factors that could affect the acquisition, the public trading or other values of
the companies, business segments or transactions to which DST and the merger were compared.

Discounted Cash Flow Analysis.   BofA Merrill Lynch performed a discounted cash flow analysis of DST to
calculate the estimated present value of the standalone unlevered, after-tax free cash flows that DST was
forecasted to generate during DST’s fiscal years 2018 through 2020 based on the DST management forecasts.
BofA Merrill Lynch calculated terminal values for DST by applying terminal multiples of 9.0x to 11.5x, which
range was selected based on BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment and experience, to DST’s fiscal year
2020 estimated EBITDA and perpetuity growth rates of 3.25% to 3.50%, which range was selected based on
BofA Merrill Lynch’s professional judgment and experience. The cash flows and terminal values in each case
were then discounted to present value as of December 31, 2017 using discount rates ranging from 9.00% to
11.25%, which were based on an estimate of DST’s weighted average cost of capital, and adjusted to exclude
DST’s net debt as of December 31, 2017 and to include the value of certain interests in joint ventures and certain
non-core assets of DST. This analysis indicated the following approximate implied per share equity value
reference ranges for DST as compared to the merger consideration:

Implied Per Share Equity Value Reference Range for DST Merger Consideration

Terminal Multiple Perpetuity Growth Rate

$67.75 – $89.00 $62.75 – $91.50 $84.00

Other Factors

BofA Merrill Lynch also noted certain additional factors that were not considered part of BofA Merrill
Lynch’s material financial analyses with respect to its opinion but were referenced for informational purposes,
including, among other things, the following:

Miscellaneous

As noted above, the discussion set forth above in the section entitled “Summary of Material DST Financial
Analyses” is a summary of the material financial analyses presented by BofA Merrill Lynch to the Board of
Directors in connection with its opinion and is not a comprehensive description of all analyses undertaken or
factors considered by BofA Merrill Lynch in connection with its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion
is a complex analytical process involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods
of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the particular circumstances and, therefore, a
financial opinion is not readily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description. BofA Merrill Lynch
believes that its analyses summarized above must be considered as a whole. BofA Merrill Lynch further believes
that selecting portions of its analyses and the factors considered or focusing on information presented in tabular
format, without considering all analyses and

50



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 60/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

factors or the narrative description of the analyses, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the processes
underlying BofA Merrill Lynch’s analyses and opinion. The fact that any specific analysis has been referred to in
the summary above is not meant to indicate that such analysis was given greater weight than any other analysis
referred to in the summary.

In performing its analyses, BofA Merrill Lynch considered industry performance, general business and
economic conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of DST and SS&C. The estimates
of the future performance of DST and SS&C in or underlying BofA Merrill Lynch’s analyses are not necessarily
indicative of actual values or actual future results, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those
estimates or those suggested by BofA Merrill Lynch’s analyses. These analyses were prepared solely as part of
BofA Merrill Lynch’s analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of DST common
stock of the merger consideration to be received by such holders and were provided to the Board of Directors in
connection with the delivery of BofA Merrill Lynch’s opinion. The analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to
reflect the prices at which a company might actually be sold or the prices at which any securities have traded or
may trade at any time in the future. Accordingly, the estimates used in, and the ranges of valuations resulting
from, any particular analysis described above are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty and should not be
taken to be BofA Merrill Lynch’s view of the actual values of DST or SS&C.

The type and amount of consideration payable in the merger was determined through negotiations between
DST and SS&C, rather than by any financial advisor, and was approved by the Board of Directors. The decision
to enter into the merger agreement was solely that of DST’s Board of Directors. As described above, BofA
Merrill Lynch’s opinion and analyses were only one of many factors considered by the Board of Directors in its
evaluation of the proposed merger and should not be viewed as determinative of the views of the Board of
Directors or management with respect to the merger or the merger consideration.

DST has agreed to pay BofA Merrill Lynch for its services in connection with the merger an aggregate fee
currently estimated to be approximately $34 million, of which $1.5 million was payable upon delivery of its
opinion and the remaining portion of which is contingent upon consummation of the merger. DST also has agreed
to reimburse BofA Merrill Lynch for its expenses incurred in connection with BofA Merrill Lynch’s engagement
and to indemnify BofA Merrill Lynch, any affiliate of BofA Merrill Lynch and each of its and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents and each other person controlling BofA Merrill Lynch or any of its
affiliates against specified liabilities, including liabilities under the federal securities laws.

BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates comprise a full service securities firm and commercial bank engaged in
securities, commodities and derivatives trading, foreign exchange and other brokerage activities, and principal
investing as well as providing investment, corporate and private banking, asset and investment management,
financing and financial advisory services and other commercial services and products to a wide range of
companies, governments and individuals. In the ordinary course of their businesses, BofA Merrill Lynch and its
affiliates may invest on a principal basis or on behalf of customers or manage funds that invest, make or hold
long or short positions, finance positions or trade or otherwise effect transactions in equity, debt or other
securities or financial instruments (including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of DST, SS&C and
certain of their respective affiliates.

BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future
may provide, investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services to DST and have received or
in the future may receive compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted as financial
advisor to DST on the sale of a business in 2016, (ii) having acted or acting as administrative agent, lead arranger
and bookrunner for, and as a lender (including swing line lender and letter of credit lender) under, DST’s
revolving credit facility, (iii) having provided or providing various foreign exchange, corporate derivatives and
fixed income trading services and products to DST, and (iv) having provided or providing various treasury and
trade management services and products to DST. From December 1, 2015 through November 30, 2017, BofA
Merrill Lynch and its affiliates derived aggregate revenues from DST of approximately $9 million for investment
and corporate banking services.

In addition, BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in
the future may provide, investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services to SS&C and have
received or in the future may receive compensation for the rendering of these services,

51



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 61/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

including (i) having acted or acting as co-manager for, and as a lender under, SS&C’s credit facility and
(ii) having provided or providing various treasury and trade management services and products to SS&C. From
December 1, 2015 through November 30, 2017, BofA Merrill Lynch and its affiliates derived aggregate revenues
from SS&C of approximately $5 million for investment and corporate banking services.

Financial Forecast

As part of its annual strategic planning process, DST management prepares a long range financial plan
containing certain non-public unaudited prospective financial information, which it updates from time to time
during the relevant fiscal year and which we refer to as the Forecast. DST provided the Board of Directors, and
its advisors, including BofA Merrill Lynch, with the Forecast in connection with DST’s evaluation and provided
SS&C with certain portions of the Forecast in connection with SS&C’s due diligence review of a possible
transaction.

DST does not normally publicly disclose long-term projections as to future revenue, earnings or other results
due to, among other reasons, the uncertainty, unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and
estimates, including the difficulty of predicting economic and market conditions. The Forecast was not prepared
with a view to public disclosure and is included in this proxy statement only because such information was made
available as described above. The Forecast was not prepared with a view to compliance with generally accepted
accounting principles as applied in the United States, which we refer to as GAAP, the published guidelines of the
SEC regarding projections and forward-looking statements or the guidelines established by the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information.
The prospective financial information included in this proxy statement has been prepared by, and is the
responsibility of, DST’s management. PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP has neither audited, reviewed, examined,
compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the accompanying prospective financial
information and, accordingly, PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP does not express an opinion or any other form of
assurance with respect thereto. The PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP report included in this proxy statement relates
to DST’s historical financial information. It does not extend to the prospective financial information and should
not be read to do so.

Although a summary of the Forecast is presented with numerical specificity, it reflects numerous
assumptions and estimates as to future events made by our management, including with respect to indebtedness
and capital expenditure levels for the applicable periods as well as the expected impact of the TCJA on DST’s
financial results, that our management believed were reasonable at the time the Forecast was prepared, taking into
account the relevant information available to management at the time. However, this information is not fact and
should not be relied upon as necessarily indicative of actual future results. Important factors that may affect
actual results and cause the Forecast not to be achieved include general economic conditions, accuracy of certain
accounting assumptions, changes in actual or projected cash flows, competitive pressures, changes in tax laws
and other factors described or referenced under the section entitled “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on
page 23. In addition, the Forecast does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after the date
that it was prepared and does not give effect to the merger. As a result, there can be no assurance that the Forecast
will or would be realized, and actual results may be materially better or worse than those contained in the
Forecast.

The Forecast is not a reliable indication of future results, and DST and its management team and advisors do
not endorse the Forecast as such, and they do not make any representation to readers of this document concerning
the ultimate performance of DST or the combined company compared to the Forecast. DST is only including
these projections in this document solely because it was among the financial information made available to the
Board of Directors, BofA Merrill Lynch, and SS&C and its advisors in connection with their evaluation of the
merger, and not to influence your decision on how to vote on any proposal.

The Forecast should be evaluated, if at all, in conjunction with the historical financial statements and other
information regarding DST contained in our public filings with the SEC. Our management reviewed the Forecast
with the Board of Directors, which considered the Forecast in connection with its evaluation and approval of the
merger agreement and the merger. In preparing its financial analyses and opinion summarized under the section
entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — 

52



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 62/196

(1) Total Operating Revenue includes intersegment eliminations allocated to Financial Services per DST
management.

(2) EBITDA is calculated based on net income, plus interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, but is
burdened for stock-based compensation and is not burdened for one-time, non recurring items.

(3) Adj. EPS Reflective of TCJA is earnings per share reflective of TCJA and burdened for stock-based
compensation, but is not burdened for amortization of intangibles and one-time, non-recurring items. 2018E
Adj. EPS Reflective of TCJA per DST management calculated using DST management’s projected 2018E
income tax payment under TCJA of  $89mm, resulting in an Adj. Net Income of $244mm. Adj. Net Income
is net income burdened for stock-based compensation but is not burdened for amortization of intangibles
and one-time, non-recurring items.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Opinion of DST’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 43, BofA Merrill Lynch relied on the accuracy and
completeness of the information provided with respect to the Forecast and the assurances of our management that
it was not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such information inaccurate or misleading in any
material respect.

The Forecast constitutes a forward-looking statement. For information on factors that may cause DST’s
future results to materially vary, see “Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 23.

Except to the extent required by applicable federal securities laws, we do not intend, and expressly disclaim
any responsibility, to update or otherwise revise the Forecast to reflect circumstances existing after the date when
DST prepared the Forecast or to reflect the occurrence of future events or changes in general economic or
industry conditions, even in the event that any of the assumptions underlying the Forecast are shown to be in
error.

In light of the foregoing factors and the uncertainties inherent in the Forecast, stockholders are cautioned not
to rely on the Forecast.

Certain of the measures included in the Forecast may be considered non-GAAP financial measures, as noted
below. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial
information presented in compliance with GAAP, and non-GAAP financial measures as used by DST may not be
comparable to similarly titled amounts used by other companies.

The following table reflects selected metrics reflected in, or generated from, the Forecast:

Fiscal Year Ending December 31,
2017E 2018E 2019E 2020E

Domestic Financial Services $1,129 $1,153 $1,149 $1,168
International Financial Services $ 441 $ 562 $ 526 $ 518
Healthcare Services $ 418 $ 449 $ 492 $ 564
Total Operating Revenue $1,988 $2,164 $2,168 $2,250
Domestic Financial Services $ — $ 274 $ 280 $ 308
International Financial Services $ — $ 75 $ 83 $ 82
Healthcare Services $ — $ 100 $ 122 $ 154
Total EBITDA $ 402 $ 448 $ 485 $ 544
Equity in Earnings of Affiliates $ 20 $ 14 $ 16 $ 16
Adj. EPS Reflective of TCJA — $ 3.98 —
Adj. EPS (Not Reflective of TCJA) $ 3.21 $ 3.42 $ 3.79 $ 4.31

Cash Flow Items:
Depreciation & Amortization $ 92 $ 103 $ 101 $ 105
Capital Expenditures $ (78 $ (84 $ (81 $ (81

Note: Dollars in millions.

53

(5)

(6)

(1)

(2)

(3)

(4)

) ) ) )



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 63/196

(4) Adj. EPS (Not Reflective of TCJA) is earnings per share burdened for stock-based compensation, but is not
burdened for amortization of intangibles and one-time, non-recurring items. Adj. EPS (Not Reflective of
TCJA) reflects tax rate of  ~37% (i.e. does not reflect TCJA). 2018E Adj. EPS (Not Reflective of TCJA) per
DST management calculated using DST management’s projected 2018E income tax payment (Not
Reflective of TCJA) of  $123mm, resulting in an Adj. Net Income of $210mm. Adj. Net Income is net
income burdened for stock-based compensation but is not burdened for amortization of intangibles and one-
time, non-recurring items.

(5) Reflects as reported (i.e., not pro forma for the acquisition of State Street’s interest in Boston Financial Data
Services, Inc. and International Financial Data Services Ltd., which closed at the end of Q1 2017).

(A) Total Operating Revenue includes intersegment eliminations allocated to Domestic Financial Services
per DST management.

(B) EBITDA is calculated based on net income, plus interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, but is
burdened for stock-based compensation and is not burdened for one-time, non-recurring items.

(6) Reflects $(58mm) of elimination adjustments.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Forecast reflects the 2017E selected metrics provided to SS&C, at SS&C’s request, and the Board
of Directors, prior to the execution of the merger agreement and prepared on the basis of DST’s unaudited
actual results for January 1, 2017 through November 30, 2017 and the unaudited prospective financial
information for December 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017. Prior to preparing the 2017E selected
metrics set forth in the Forecast, DST management provided SS&C and the Board of Directors with 2017E
metrics prepared on the basis of DST’s unaudited actual results for January 1, 2017 through October 31,
2017 and the unaudited prospective financial information for November 1, 2017 through December 31, 2017
(the “Preliminary 2017E Forecast’’). The Preliminary 2017E Forecast is set forth below.

Fiscal Year Ending 
December 31,

2017E

Domestic Financial Services $ 1,130
International Financial Services $ 433
Healthcare Services $ 417
Total Operating Revenue $ 1,980
Domestic Financial Services $ 270
International Financial Services $ 37
Healthcare Services $ 87
Total EBITDA $ 394
Equity in Earnings of Affiliates $ 19
Adj. EPS (Not Reflective of TCJA) $ 3.11
Cash Flow Items:
Depreciation & Amortization $ 91
Capital Expenditures $ (78

Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger

When considering the recommendation of the Board of Directors that you vote to approve the proposal to
adopt the merger agreement, you should be aware that our directors and executive officers may have interests in
the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, your interests as a stockholder. The Board of Directors
was aware of and considered these interests to the extent such interests existed at

54

(A)

(B)

)



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 64/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the time, among other matters, in evaluating and overseeing the negotiation of the merger agreement, in
approving the merger agreement and the merger and in recommending that the merger agreement be adopted by
the stockholders of DST. For the purpose of each of the DST plans and agreements described below, the
consummation of the merger will constitute a “change in control,” “change of control” or term of similar meaning
with respect to DST.

Arrangements with SS&C

As of the date of this proxy statement, none of our executive officers has entered into any agreement with
SS&C or any of its affiliates regarding employment with the surviving corporation or one or more of its affiliates,
other than Messrs. Hooley and Young’s separation agreements, discussed in “Executive Officer Separation
Agreements.”

Treatment of Company Awards

Options. Upon completion of the merger, each vested Option that is outstanding immediately prior to the
closing will be cancelled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as reasonably
practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) equal to
the product of  (x) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration (without interest) over the exercise price per
share of DST common stock of such vested Option, multiplied by (y) the number of shares of DST common
stock subject to such vested option less applicable withholding taxes. Each vested Option with an exercise price
equal to or greater than the Merger Consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger without payment of any consideration. Each unvested Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior
to the closing will be converted automatically into a Rollover Option to purchase the number of shares of SS&C
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of DST common stock subject to such
unvested Option immediately prior to the closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Rollover Option will have an exercise price
per share of SS&C common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (1) the per share exercise price
for the shares of DST common stock subject to such unvested Option divided by (2) the Equity Award Exchange
Ratio. Each Rollover Option will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the
unvested Option under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement.

Restricted Stock Units.   Upon completion of the merger, each vested restricted stock unit outstanding
immediately prior to the closing will be canceled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment
payable as soon as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after
the closing) equal to the product of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST common
stock subject to the vested restricted stock unit (subject to any required tax withholding). Each unvested restricted
stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing (including restricted stock units that will comprise
the annual equity awards to be granted by DST in February 2018) will be converted into a Rollover RSU equal to
the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of DST common stock subject to the unvested
restricted stock unit immediately prior to the closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Rollover RSU will otherwise be subject to
the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested restricted stock unit under the applicable DST stock
plan and award agreement.

Performance Stock Units.   Upon completion of the merger, each vested performance stock unit that is
outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be cancelled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash
payment payable as soon as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business
days after the closing) equal to the product of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST
common stock that would be delivered in respect of such vested performance stock unit based on actual
performance through to the effective date of the merger, subject to any required tax withholding. Each unvested
performance stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be converted into a Rollover PSU
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of shares of DST common stock that would be
delivered in respect of such unvested performance stock unit based on projected actual performance through to
the effective date of the merger (equal to 124% of target for performance stock units granted in 2016, and 200%
of target for performance stock units granted in 2017)

55



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 65/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the next lower whole
number of shares. Each Rollover PSU will vest, subject to continued employment, in one-third increments over
the immediately following three anniversary dates of the change in control (subject to earlier vesting upon a
qualifying termination), and will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested
performance stock unit under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement (excluding any performance-
vesting requirements).

Cash Awards.   Each vested long-term cash award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing
shall be cancelled at the closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon
as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) in the
amount set forth in the applicable notice of grant and award agreement. Each unvested long-term cash award that
is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing will remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and
conditions as in effect immediately prior to the closing.

Director Equity.   Any shares of DST common stock held by our directors will be treated in the same manner
as outstanding shares of DST common stock held by all other stockholders of DST entitled to receive the Merger
Consideration. Directors who have deferred their annual cash fees and annual equity awards under the DST
Systems, Inc. 2015 Directors’ Deferred Fee Plan will receive a distribution of their accounts as soon as
administratively practicable following the earlier of the director’s separation from service or the completion of
the merger (at which point, DST will terminate the DST Systems, Inc. 2015 Directors’ Deferred Fee Plan). Any
amounts deferred under the DST Systems Inc. 2005 Non-Employee Directors’ Award Plan will be distributed as
soon as administratively practicable following the earlier of the director’s separation from service or the
completion of the merger (at which point, DST will terminate the DST Systems, Inc. 2005 Directors’ Deferred
Fee Plan).

Accelerated Vesting of Equity and Equity-Based Awards Upon Certain Terminations

Pursuant to the terms of DST’s stock plans (which include the 2015 Plan and the 2005 Plan) the vesting of
each Rollover Option, Rollover RSU, Rollover PSU, and any unvested cash award outstanding as of the date of
the merger agreement, including any such awards held by executive officers, will accelerate and vest in the event
of a qualifying termination (as described below).

A qualifying termination will occur upon the occurrence of one of the following events during the three-year
period following completion of the merger: a termination other than for cause (as defined in the award
agreement), a termination due to death or disability, a reduction in force, a business unit divestiture, retirement
(as defined in the award agreement), or a resignation for good reason (as defined in the award agreement).

Merger-Related Payments

The table below sets forth the estimated amounts that each director, named executive officer, and other
executive officer of DST would be eligible to receive (without subtraction of applicable withholding taxes) with
regard to shares of DST common stock, Options, restricted stock units, and performance share units as of
promptly following the completion of the merger or, in the case of the Rollover Options, Rollover RSUs and
Rollover PSUs, assuming continued employment or service through the completion of the merger and a
qualifying termination of employment or service immediately following the completion of the merger. Depending
on when the merger is completed, certain outstanding equity shown in the table below may become vested in
accordance with their terms without regard to the merger or, in the case of Options, may be exercised by the
director or executive officer.

56



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 66/196

(1) For directors, reflects annual stock awards in connection with Board of Directors service and open market
purchases. Ms. Bleil and Messrs. Antonellis, Haldeman, and Forsee deferred their shares under the 2015
Directors’ Deferred Fee Plan and the 2005 Directors’ Deferred Fee Plan, and will receive a distribution of
their accounts as soon as administratively practicable following the completion of the merger.

(2) For named executive officers and other executive officers, reflects shares acquired in settlement of vested
restricted stock units and performance stock units. The amount listed for Mr. Young also includes 41,194
shares indirectly held.

(3) Reflects fully vested, unexercised stock options, which will be canceled in exchange for merger
consideration in the merger.

(4) Reflects (i) unvested outstanding performance stock units, which will become Rollover PSUs in the merger,
calculated based on projected actual performance through the effective date of the merger, in accordance
with the merger agreement (equal to 0% of target for the performance stock units granted in 2015, 124% of
target for the performance stock units granted in 2016, and 200% of target for the performance stock units
granted in 2017), and (ii) dividend equivalents thereon, assuming projected actual achievement in
accordance with the foregoing clause. For Messrs. Hooley and Young, in lieu of conversion of their PSUs
into Rollover PSUs, their PSUs will be converted into cash (based upon a cash price of  $84.00 per share)
and paid in a cash lump sum on the closing date, provided, that to the extent that any such cash award
constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid subject
to any six month delay required by Section 409A.

(5) Reflects unvested outstanding restricted stock units, which will become Rollover RSUs in the merger, and
dividend equivalents thereon. Does not reflect the time-based restricted stock units (RSUs) approved for
grant by the compensation committee on February 23, 2018 described further in footnote 6 below, in the
following amounts: Mr. Hooley, 53,571 RSUs; Mr. Givens, 15,107 RSUs; Mr. Boehm, 17,881 RSUs; Mr.
Lark, 16,095 RSUs; Mr. Young, 10,929 RSUs; Mr. Burke, 11,321 RSUs; Ms. Mann, 9,524 RSUs;
Mr. Slattery, 7,393 RSUs; and Ms. Sweetman, 8,143 RSUs. The number of shares underlying such restricted
stock units was based on a per-share price of  $84. For Messrs. Hooley and Young, in lieu of conversion of
their RSUs into Rollover RSUs, their RSUs will be converted into cash

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Merger Proxy Beneficial Ownership Table 
(as of 2/21/18)

Shares 
(#)

Value of 
Shares 
($84)

Options 
(#)

Value of 
Options 

($84)

Performance 
Stock Units 

(#)

Value of 
Performance 

Units 
($84)

Restricted 
Stock Units 

(#)

Value of 
Restricted 

Stock Units 
($84)

Total 
Value 
($84)

Board of Directors
Joseph C. Antonellis 7,054.5002 $ 592,578.02 $ 592,578.02
Jerome H. Bailey 6,992.0000 $ 587,328.00 $ 587,328.00
Lynn Dorsey Bleil 15,987.8483 $1,342,979.26 $ 1,342,979.26
Lowell L. Bryan 49,154.0000 $4,128,936.00 $ 4,128,936.00
Gary D. Forsee 12,606.2307 $1,058,923.38 $ 1,058,923.38
Charles E. Haldeman, Jr. 33,191.4035 $2,788,077.89 $ 2,788,077.89
Samuel G. Liss 18,492.0000 $1,553,328.00 $ 1,553,328.00

Named Executive Officers
Stephen C. Hooley 78,455 $6,590,220.00 157,280 $9,622,733.60 170,116 $14,289,744.00 51,169 $4,298,196.00 $34,800,893.60
Gregg Wm. Givens 43,348 $3,641,232.00 8,098 $ 487,864.01 39,148 $ 3,288,432.00 11,613 $ 975,492.00 $ 8,393,020.01
Jonathan J. Boehm 61,215 $5,142,060.00 14,174 $ 853,912.63 45,386 $ 3,812,424.00 14,341 $1,204,644.00 $11,013,040.63
Vercie L. Lark 44,390 $3,728,760.00 45,400 $2,926,711.00 40,485 $ 3,400,740.00 11,817 $ 992,628.00 $11,048,839.00
Randall D. Young 41,214 $3,461,976.00 — $ — 26,607 $ 2,234,988.00 8,109 $ 681,156.00 $ 6,378,120.00
Manoochehr Abbaei — $ — — $ — — $ — — $ —

Other Executive Officers
Edmund J. Burke 23,409 $1,966,356.00 — $ — 29,362 $ 2,466,408.00 8,710 $ 731,640.00 $ 5,164,404.00
Maria Mann 1,369 $ 114,996.00 — $ — 21,730 $ 1,825,320.00 7,098 $ 596,232.00 $ 2,536,548.00
William Slattery 4 $ 336.00 — $ — 14,035 $ 1,178,940.00 3,456 $ 290,304.00 $ 1,469,580.00
Mary E. Sweetman 9,669 $ 812,196.00 — $ — 20,734 $ 1,741,656.00 6,091 $ 511,644.00 $ 3,065,496.00

57

(3) (4) (5) (6)

(1)

(2)

(7)

(2)



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 67/196

(6) In addition to the values set forth in the table above, on February 23, 2018, in connection with its annual
equity program in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice (as permitted under the
merger agreement), the compensation committee approved grants of time-based restricted stock units to the
executive officers, which will vest ratably over three years and be subjected to standard terms and
conditions, in the following amounts: Mr. Hooley, $4,500,000; Mr. Givens, $1,269,000; Mr. Boehm,
$1,502,000; Mr. Lark, $1,352,000; Mr. Young, $918,000; Mr. Burke, $951,000; Ms. Mann, $800,000;
Mr. Slattery, $621,000; and Ms. Sweetman, $684,000.

(7) Mr. Abbaei left DST as a part of a divestiture on July 1, 2016.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(based upon a cash price of  $84.00 per share) and paid in a cash lump sum on the closing date, provided,
that to the extent that any such cash award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section
409A, the cash payment will be paid subject to any six month delay required by Section 409A.

Payments to Executives upon Termination Following Change-in-Control

Executive Officer Employment Agreements

Stephen C. Hooley and Randall D. Young are each party to an employment agreement governed by the laws
of Missouri, which we refer to collectively as the employment agreements. The employment agreements contain
a three-year post-change in control protection period, which we refer to as the Three-Year Period.

Benefits:   The employment agreements each contemplate continued employment during the Three-Year
Period and continued participation in DST’s benefit plans, which we refer to as the Specified Benefits, on the
basis of the executive’s participation on the date of the change in control; or, in the alternative, other plans which
are at least equivalent to those in effect on the change in control.

Termination following Change in Control:   Under each employment agreement, after a change in control, if
the executive’s employment is terminated by DST without cause or if the executive resigns for Good Reason (as
defined below), then the executive is entitled to receive a lump sum payment (payable within five days following
the termination date) equal to the salary he would have received for the remainder of the Three-Year Period (but
in no event less than one year) and continued benefits for such length of time; provided that: (a) if any plan
pursuant to which Specified Benefits are provided immediately prior to termination would not permit continued
participation, then DST will pay a lump sum equal (within five days following the termination date) to the
amount of Specified Benefits the executive would have received if he was fully vested and a continuing
participant in such plan until the end of the severance period; (b) if the executive obtains new employment
following termination, then after any waiting period applicable to participation in any plan of the new employer,
he will continue to be entitled to receive benefits only to the extent such benefits would exceed those available
under comparable plans of the new employer; and (c) the executive is entitled a lump sum equal to the aggregate
amount of the annual incentives he would have received if target goals had been met for each year of the Three-
Year Period (prorated for the final performance year if the Three-Year Period ends partially through a
performance year).

280G — Gross Ups:   The employment agreements provide for payment of a gross-up relating to the
parachute tax imposed by Internal Revenue Code Section 4999. For Mr. Hooley, the parachute payment is
generally subject to a scaleback equal to the largest amount that can be paid without triggering the parachute tax.
If the payment is scaled back, there would be no parachute tax and no gross-up payment. However, if Mr. Hooley
would retain, after tax, more than 120% of the amount he would retain if the potential parachute payments were
scaled back, the cap does not apply and he is entitled to a gross-up payment, not to exceed five times the
parachute tax.

Good Reason:   “Good Reason” will exist if Mr. Hooley or Mr. Young resign after a change in control and
following: (i) a material reduction in duties or in level of work responsibility or conditions; (ii) a material
reduction in base salary; (iii) the material relocation of the executive offices of DST or its successor to a location
outside the metropolitan area of Kansas City, Missouri or requiring Mr. Hooley or Mr. Young to be based
anywhere other than DST’s executive office, except for required business travel to an extent substantially
consistent with the executive’s obligations immediately prior to the change in control date; or (iv) a material
breach by DST in providing the Specified Benefits during the Three-Year Period, except for

58



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 68/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

removal of benefits that are immaterial or reduction in benefits by 10% or less in the aggregate. To terminate with
good reason following a change in control, (i) the executive must provide written notice to the secretary of DST
within ninety (90) days after the initial occurrence of a good reason event describing in detail the event and
stating that the executive’s employment will terminate upon a specified date in such notice (which may be no
earlier than 30 days and no later than 90 days after the date such notice is provided), and (ii) DST does not
remedy the event prior to the specified termination date in such notice.

Restrictive Covenants:   Mr. Hooley is bound under his employment agreement by restrictive covenants
against competition and against solicitation of employees, customers and vendors during his employment and for
a minimum of three years following termination of his employment (and also including any period following
termination of employment during which any unvested equity continues to vest), as well as a standard
confidentiality provision. Mr. Young’s employment agreement contains a standard confidentiality provision.

William Slattery is not entitled to severance payments or benefits in connection with a change in control.
Mr. Slattery is party to a terms and conditions employment agreement that requires DST to provide Mr. Slattery
with six months’ notice of termination to end his contract. DST may put Mr. Slattery on garden leave for the
notice period, during which time he is entitled to his pay and benefits.

Executive Officer Separation Agreements.

Messrs. Hooley and Young have each entered into a separation agreement, which we refer to collectively as
the separation agreements. Under the separation agreements, upon the effective time of the merger, Messrs.
Hooley and Young’s employment with DST will be terminated for “good reason” (pursuant to their employment
agreements as described above). In satisfaction of all obligations of DST under their employment agreements (as
described above), Messrs. Hooley and Young will receive the cash severance and benefits described above on the
closing date. In addition, in lieu of conversion of any of Messrs. Hooley and Young’s outstanding RSUs and
PSUs into SS&C equity awards, such awards shall be converted into cash (based upon a cash price of  $84.00 per
share) and paid in a cash lump sum on the closing date, provided, that to the extent that any such cash award
constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid subject to any
six month delay required by Section 409A.

Executive Severance Plan

The following executive officers participate in the Executive Severance Plan: Mr. Givens, Mr. Lark,
Mr. Burke, Ms. Mann, Mr. Boehm and Ms. Sweetman. During the two years following a change in control, an
executive who is involuntarily terminated by DST or its successor without cause and other than as a result of the
executive’s death or disability, or who is terminated as a result of Constructive Termination (as defined below)
will be entitled to receive the following amounts:

Severance Payment: DST or its successor will pay the executive within sixty days of the qualifying
termination, a single lump sum cash payment equal to: (1) two times the executive’s annual base salary as of the
date of termination; (2) two times the executive’s target annual bonus amount; (3) two times the DST-paid (or its
successor’s paid) portion of the COBRA continuation premium costs to cover the executive and the executive’s
dependents for twelve months; plus (4) a pro rata portion of the annual incentive bonus that the executive would
have received for the performance year during which the executive’s termination occurred, assuming target level
achievement of performance goals.

Outplacement Services:   DST or its successor will reimburse the executive for all reasonable outplacement
counseling services during the eighteen month period following the qualifying termination, up to $25,000.

280G Cutback:   In addition, the Executive Severance Plan specifies that DST or its successor will cut back
the executive’s parachute payment if such cutback is more favorable to the executive than application of the
excise taxes.

Constructive Termination:   Pursuant to the Executive Severance Plan, “Constructive Termination” is
defined as the executive’s voluntary resignation as a result of: (1) a material diminution in the executive’s
authority, duties or responsibilities, or a change in the executive’s supervisory reporting relationship within

59



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 69/196

(1) Mr. Burke’s bonus amount is based on his two-year average bonus.
(2) The amounts contained in the table for Mr. Slattery reflect pay and benefits in respect of a six month notice

period.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

DST or its successor that materially and negatively alters the executive’s ability to perform his or her duties and
responsibilities (other than pursuant to a transfer or promotion to a position of equal or enhanced responsibility or
authority); (2) a change, caused by DST or its successor, in geographic location of greater than fifty miles of the
location at which the executive primarily performs services for DST or its successor; or (3) a material reduction
in the executive’s base compensation (which includes annual base salary, annual incentives and long-term
incentives), unless such reduction is an across-the-board reduction similarly affecting all or substantially all
similarly-situated employees.

Restrictive Covenants:   Executives participating in the Executive Severance Plan are subject to post-
termination restrictive covenants against competition and against solicitation of employees, customers and
vendors for 12 months following termination of employment (24 months following a termination occurring after
a change in control), as well as a standard confidentiality provision.

Executive officers with individual employments are not eligible to participate in the Executive Severance
Plan.

Potential Change-in-Control Payments to Executive Officers Other than Named Executive Officers

The following table shows the estimated amounts that each executive officer other than the named executive
officers would receive upon a qualifying termination of employment assuming that such event occurred on the
end date of the merger agreement, July 11, 2018. The following table does not replicate information already
disclosed in the “Merger-Related Payments” table above.

Cash Severance

Salary ($)
Target Bonus 

Amount ($)
Pro Rata 
Bonus ($)

Health 
Insurance 

Premiums ($)
Outplacement 

Services Total ($)

Other Executive Officers
Edmund J. Burke $830,000 $ 1,525,162 $401,139 $43,100 $ 25,000 $2,824,401
Maria Mann $880,000 $ 880,000 $231,452 $14,967 $ 25,000 $2,031,419
William Slattery $248,497 N/A N/A $32,634 N/A $ 281,131
Mary E. Sweetman $800,000 $ 800,000 $210,411 $43,100 $ 25,000 $1,878,511

2018 Equity Grants

DST may grant equity awards in 2018 in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice
(including to executive officers), in the form of restricted stock units, up to an aggregate grant date value (based
on a price per share of DST common stock of  $84.00) of  $35.5 million. Such restricted stock units shall be
subject to standard terms and conditions, including ratable vesting over three years and terms relating to a change
in control. For anticipated grants of equity in 2018 to executive officers, see the “Merger Proxy Beneficial
Ownership Table.”

Potential Change-in-Control Payments to Named Executive Officers

The following tables show the estimated amounts of payments and benefits that each named executive
officer of DST would receive in connection with the merger, assuming consummation of the merger occurred on
the “End Date” set forth in the merger agreement, July 11, 2018, and the employment of the named executive
officer was terminated without cause or the named executive officer resigned for Good Reason (as defined in the
applicable employment agreement) or due to Constructive Termination (as defined in the Executive Severance
Plan) on such date.

The first table below, entitled “Golden Parachutes Compensation,” along with its footnotes, sets forth the
information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation payable to DST’s chief
executive officer, chief financial officer, any executive officer who served as DST’s chief executive

60

(1)

(2) (2) (2)



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 70/196

(1) Cash.   Column (b) represents the value of the cash severance payments payable to each named executive
officer. For Messrs. Hooley and Young, this is equal to (a) base salary for the remainder of the three-year
period, (b) an incentive award equal to the aggregate of the annual incentive awards for the three-year period
at a target level of performance, and (c) a lump sum payment of a prorated annual incentive based on target
performance for the year of termination. For the remaining NEOs, this is equal to (a) a lump sum severance
payment equal to two times the sum of the executive’s (i) annual base salary as of immediately prior to his
or her termination of employment and (ii) target incentive opportunity for the year in which the termination
of employment occurred and (b) a lump sum payment of a prorated annual incentive based on target
performance for the year of termination. The individual components of column (b) are quantified in the table
below.

(2) Equity.   Column (c) represents the aggregate payments to be made in respect of Rollover RSUs and
Rollover PSUs (or, for Messrs. Hooley and Young, under their separation agreements) based on the

TABLE OF CONTENTS

officer during the prior fiscal year, any executive officer who served as DST’s chief executive officer during the
prior fiscal year and the three other most highly compensated executive officers, as determined for purposes of its
most recent annual proxy statement, each of whom we refer to as a named executive officer. This compensation is
subject to an advisory vote of DST’s stockholders, as described below under the section entitled “Proposal 2:
Advisory Vote on Merger-Related Executive Compensation Arrangements” beginning on page 90. We have not
included in the Golden Parachutes Compensation table and related disclosure and discussion required by
Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K information relating to Mr. Manoochehr Abbaei, who was a named executive
officer in our most recent annual proxy but terminated employment with DST as a part of a divestiture on July 1,
2016.

The calculations in the tables below do not include (i) amounts that the named executive officers were
already entitled to receive that were or would be vested as of July 11, 2018, (ii) annual equity grants to the named
executive officers approved by the compensation committee on February 23, 2018, or (iii) amounts under
contracts, agreements, plans or arrangements to the extent they do not discriminate in scope, terms or operation in
favor of executive officers and that are available generally to all of the salaried employees of DST. In addition to
the assumptions regarding the consummation date of the merger and termination of the employment of the named
executive officers, these estimates are based on certain other assumptions that are described in the footnotes
accompanying the tables below. Accordingly, the ultimate values to be received by a named executive officer in
connection with the merger may differ from the amounts set forth below.

Golden Parachutes Compensation

Officer
Cash  
($)(b)

Equity  
($)(c)

Perquisites/ 
Benefits

($)(e)

Tax 
Reimbursement

($)(f)
Total 
($)(g)

Stephen C. Hooley $7,045,685 $16,459,899.00 $148,687 $0 $23,654,271.00
Gregg Wm. Givens $2,149,863 $ 4,055,533.00 $ 68,100 $0 $ 6,273,496.00
Jonathan J. Boehm $2,217,753 $ 4,694,364.00 $ 71,265 $0 $ 6,983,382.00
Vercie L. Lark $2,081,973 $ 4,187,431.00 $ 71,265 $0 $ 6,340,669.00
Randall D. Young $3,034,603 $ 2,792,901.00 $139,593 $0 $ 5,967,097.00

Name Severance Payment ($) Prorated Incentive

Stephen C. Hooley $ 6,375,000 $ 670,685
Gregg Wm. Givens $ 1,900,000 $ 249,863
Jonathan J. Boehm $ 1,960,000 $ 257,753
Vercie L. Lark $ 1,840,000 $ 241,973
Randall D. Young $ 2,790,000 $ 244,603

The severance amounts under this column are all “double trigger” in nature, which means that payment of
these amounts is conditioned upon a qualifying termination of employment on or after the completion of the
merger.

61

(1) (2) (3) (4)



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 71/196

(3) Perquisites/Benefits.   Column (e) reflects three years of health insurance premiums for Messrs. Hooley and
Young (calculated using 2018 COBRA continuation rates) plus three years of life insurance and disability
premiums (using 2018 rates) and plus estimated 401(k) profit sharing contribution amounts for a three-year
period (based on contributions made for 2017). The table reflects two years of health insurance premiums
for Messrs. Givens, Boehm and Lark plus reimbursement for outplacement consulting fees equal to $25,000.
The individual components of column (e) are quantified in the table below.

(4) Tax Reimbursements.   The employment agreements for each of Messrs. Hooley and Young provide that they
are eligible for a gross-up payment relating to the parachute tax. For Mr. Hooley, the potential parachute
payment is generally subject to a scaleback equal to the largest amount that can be paid without triggering
the parachute tax. If the payment is scaled back, there would be no parachute tax and no gross-up payment.
However, if Mr. Hooley would retain, after tax, more than 120% of the amount he would retain if the
potential parachute payments were scaled back, the cap does not apply and he is entitled to a gross-up
payment, not to exceed five times the parachute tax. Messrs. Hooley’s and Young’s estimated parachute
payments do not trigger the excise tax; therefore, neither is entitled to an excise tax gross-up. For the
remaining NEOs, the Executive Severance Plan contains a “best-net cutback” provision such that if the
payment of any of these amounts would subject the executive to the excise tax provisions of Section 280G
of the Code, the payments would be reduced to an amount below the threshold at which such penalty tax
provisions apply if such a reduction (and the avoidance of such penalty taxes) would be more favorable to
the executive on an after-tax basis. The amounts shown in the tables above have not been reduced to reflect
any potential cutback amounts.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Merger Consideration, not including (as noted above), the time-based restricted stock units approved for
grant by the compensation committee on February 23, 2018, in the following amounts: Mr. Hooley,
$4,500,000; Mr. Givens, $1,269,000; Mr. Boehm, $1,502,000; Mr. Lark, $1,352,000; and Mr. Young,
$918,000. The amounts in this column are “double trigger” in nature, which means that payment of these
amounts is conditioned upon a qualifying termination of employment on or after the completion of the
merger. See the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests
of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger — Treatment of Company Awards” for a
description of the treatment of DST equity awards in connection with the business combination.

Name RSUs ($) PSUs ($)
Stephen C. Hooley $2,170,168.00 $14,289,731
Gregg Wm. Givens $ 767,088.00 $ 3,288,445
Jonathan J. Boehm $ 881,972.00 $ 3,812,392
Vercie L. Lark $ 786,674.00 $ 3,400,757
Randall D. Young $ 557,942.00 $ 2,234,959

Officer

Health 
Insurance 
Premiums

Disability 
Insurance 
Premiums

Life 
Insurance 
Premiums

401K 
Contribution

Outplacement 
Benefits

Stephen C. Hooley $ 45,173 $ 40,841 $ 14,073 $48,600 N/A
Gregg Wm. Givens $ 43,100 N/A N/A N/A $ 25,000
Jonathan J. Boehm $ 46,265 N/A N/A N/A $ 25,000
Vercie L. Lark $ 46,265 N/A N/A N/A $ 25,000
Randall D. Young $ 45,173 $ 24,904 $ 20,916 $48,600 N/A

Financing of the Merger

The merger is not conditioned upon receipt of financing by SS&C. In connection with the execution of the
merger agreement, SS&C has delivered to DST a copy of the executed Commitment Letter, providing for debt
financing as described by such debt commitment letter, pursuant to which, upon the terms and subject to the
conditions set forth therein, the financing sources party thereto have agreed to lend the amounts set forth therein,
in an aggregate principal amount of senior secured loans equal to $7.123 billion. In addition, SS&C intends to
finance the acquisition with $1.250 billion in aggregate gross proceeds from

62



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 72/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the issuance of senior unsecured senior notes in a public offering or private placement and/or the issuance of
shares of SS&C’s common stock in a public offering, and to the extent that the aggregate gross proceeds from the
issuance of such notes and/or equity securities is less than $1.250 billion, a senior unsecured bridge loan facility
up to an aggregate principal amount of  $1.250 billion is available to SS&C pursuant to the terms of the debt
commitment letter. SS&C and Merger Sub have represented to DST that they will have sufficient funds at the
closing to pay all cash amounts required to be paid by SS&C and Merger Sub pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement.

Concurrently with the signing of the merger agreement, SS&C Technologies, Inc., a wholly-owned
subsidiary of SS&C, entered into the Commitment Letter with the Commitment Parties in connection with the
merger. Pursuant to the Commitment Letter, the Commitment Parties have committed to provide to SS&C
Technologies, Inc. (a) senior secured credit facilities comprised of  (i) the Term B-1 Facility, (ii) the Term Loan
B-2 Facility, and (iii) the Senior Secured Credit Facilities; and (b) the Bridge Facility, and together with the
Senior Secured Credit Facilities, the Debt Facilities to the extent the aggregate gross proceeds from the issuance
of the Notes in a public offering or private placement and/or the issuance of the Equity Securities in a public
offering is less than $1.250 billion.

The aggregate amounts of the Senior Secured Credit Facilities are subject to reduction on a dollar-for-dollar
basis to the extent SS&C is able to enter into an amendment to its credit agreement, dated as of July 8, 2015, as
amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, by and among SS&C, SS&C
Technologies, Inc., SS&C Technologies Holdings Europe S.a r.L and SS&C European Holdings S.a r.L, the
lenders from time to time party thereto and Deutsche Bank AG New York Branch, as administrative agent, as
described in the Commitment Letter.

The aggregate amounts of the Term B-1 Facility and the Bridge Facility are subject to reduction on a dollar-
for-dollar basis to the extent SS&C is able to enter into a successful consent solicitation to its Indenture, dated as
of July 8, 2015, by and among SS&C, certain of its subsidiaries and Wilmington Trust, National Association, that
governs its existing senior notes, as described in the Commitment Letter.

The Commitments Parties’ obligations to provide the Debt Facilities are subject to a number of customary
conditions precedent, including entry into customary documentation and completion of a customary marketing
period.

The Commitment Parties’ commitments with respect to the Debt Facilities will terminate on the earliest of 
(a) 5:00 p.m., New York City time, on July 11, 2018, which we refer to as the Outside Date, (provided, that if the
end date has been extended under the merger agreement, the Outside Date shall be November 11, 2018), unless
on or prior to such time the transactions have been consummated, (ii) the Commitment Parties’ commitments
with respect to the Bridge Facility only, on a dollar-for-dollar basis on the date of the issuance of the Notes
(including into escrow) and/or Equity Securities in lieu of a borrowing thereunder, (iii) the date of termination of
the merger agreement or (iv) the consummation of the acquisition without the use of the Senior Secured Credit
Facilities or the Bridge Facility.

SS&C currently intends to finance (a) the payment of the Merger Consideration and associated fees and
expenses, (b) the refinancing of the indebtedness outstanding under SS&C’s and DST’s existing credit
agreements, indentures and note purchase agreements and (c) the payment of fees and expenses with respect to
the merger and the financing with (i) cash on hand and (ii) proceeds from the Debt Facilities and/or the issuance
of Notes and/or Equity Securities, as applicable.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger

The following is a summary of the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders and
non-U.S. holders (each as defined below) of DST common stock who hold their stock as a capital asset within the
meaning of Section 1221 of the Code. This summary is based on the Code, the U.S. Treasury Department
regulations issued under the Code, which we refer to as the Treasury Regulations, and administrative rulings and
court decisions in effect as of the date of this proxy statement, all of which are subject to change at any time,
possibly with retroactive effect. This summary is not binding on the Internal Revenue Service, which we refer to
as the IRS, or a court and there can be no assurance that the tax

63



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 73/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

consequences described in this summary will not be challenged by the IRS or that they would be sustained by a
court if so challenged. No ruling has been or will be sought from the IRS, and no opinion of counsel has been or
will be rendered, as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of DST common stock that
is for U.S. federal income tax purposes (1) an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States, (2) a
corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized
under the laws of the United States, any state thereof, or the District of Columbia, (3) an estate the income of
which is includible in gross income for U.S. federal income tax purposes regardless of its source or (4) a trust if 
(A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust
and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) the trust
has a valid election in effect under applicable Treasury Regulations to be treated as a U.S. person for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. A “non-U.S. holder” means a beneficial owner of DST common stock that is neither a U.S.
holder nor a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

The tax consequences of the merger to stockholders who hold their shares of DST common stock through a
partnership or other flow-through entity will generally depend on the status of the stockholder and the activities
of the partnership or other flow-through entity. Partners in a partnership (or other flow-through entity) holding
shares of DST common stock should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the merger to
them.

This summary is not a complete description of all the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger
and, in particular, may not address U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to holders of DST common
stock who are subject to special treatment under U.S. federal income tax law including, for example, partnerships
(or an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes) and partners therein,
financial institutions, dealers in securities, insurance companies, tax-exempt entities, mutual funds, real estate
investment trusts, personal holding companies, regulated investment companies, securities or currency dealers,
traders in securities who elect to use the mark-to-market method of accounting, tax-exempt investors, S
corporations, holders whose functional currency is not the U.S. dollar, tax-deferred or other retirement accounts,
U.S. expatriates, former long-term residents of the United States, holders who acquired DST common stock
pursuant to the exercise of an employee stock option or right or otherwise as compensation, and holders who hold
DST common stock as part of a hedge, straddle, constructive sale, conversion transaction, or other integrated
investment. Also, this summary does not address U.S. federal income tax considerations applicable to holders of
DST common stock who exercise appraisal rights under Delaware law. Further, this summary does not address
any tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders of options, shares of restricted stock, restricted share units,
performance stock units or warrants to acquire shares of DST common stock whose options, shares of restricted
stock, restricted share units, performance stock units or warrants are canceled in exchange for cash or other
consideration pursuant to the merger. Holders of such options, shares of restricted stock, restricted share units,
performance units or warrants should consult their tax advisors regarding the tax consequences of the merger to
them. In addition, no information is provided with respect to the tax consequences of the merger under any U.S.
federal law other than income tax laws (including, for example the U.S. federal estate, gift, Medicare, and
alternative minimum tax laws), or any applicable state, local, or foreign tax laws. This summary does not address
the tax consequences of any transaction other than the merger.

The tax consequences of the merger will depend on your specific situation. You should consult your
own tax advisor as to the tax consequences of the merger in your particular circumstances, including the
applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws and
of changes in those laws.

Tax Consequences to U.S. Holders

The receipt of cash by U.S. holders in exchange for shares of DST common stock pursuant to the merger
will be a taxable transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In general, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, a U.S. holder who receives cash in exchange for shares of DST common stock pursuant to the merger
will recognize capital gain or loss in an amount equal to the difference, if any, between (1) the amount of cash
received in the merger and (2) the U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis in its DST common stock

64



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 74/196

• the gain, if any, on such shares of DST common stock is effectively connected with a trade or business
of the non-U.S. holder in the United States (and, if required by an applicable income tax treaty, is
attributable to the non-U.S. holder’s permanent establishment in the United States);

• the non-U.S. holder is an individual who is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more in the taxable year
of the exchange of shares of DST common stock for the Merger Consideration pursuant to the merger
and certain other conditions are met; or

• the non-U.S. holder owned, directly or under certain constructive ownership rules of the Code, more
than 5% of DST common stock at any time during the five-year period preceding the merger, and DST
is or has been a “U.S. real property holding corporation” within the meaning of Section 897(c)(2) of the
Code for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during the shorter of the five-year period
preceding the merger or the period that the non-U.S. holder held DST common stock.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

exchanged therefor. A U.S. holder’s adjusted tax basis will generally equal the price the U.S. holder paid for such
shares. If a U.S. holder’s holding period in the shares of DST common stock surrendered in the merger is greater
than one year as of the date of the merger, the gain or loss will be long-term capital gain or loss. Long-term
capital gains of certain non-corporate holders, including individuals, are generally subject to U.S. federal income
tax at preferential rates. The deductibility of a capital loss recognized on the exchange is subject to limitations. If
a U.S. holder acquired different blocks of DST common stock at different times or different prices, such U.S.
holder must determine its adjusted tax basis and holding period separately with respect to each block of DST
common stock.

Tax Consequences to Non-U.S. Holders

Payments made to a non-U.S. holder in exchange for shares of DST common stock pursuant to the merger
generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax unless:

Gain described in the first bullet point above will be subject to tax on net gain at generally applicable U.S.
federal income tax rates. Any gain described in the first bullet point above of a non-U.S. holder that is a
corporation may also be subject to an additional “branch profits tax” at a 30% rate (or lower applicable treaty
rate). A non-U.S. holder described in the second bullet point immediately above will be subject to tax at a rate of
30% (or a lower applicable treaty rate) on any gain realized, which may be offset by U.S.-source capital losses
recognized in the same taxable year. If the third bullet point above applies to a non-U.S. holder, gain recognized
by such holder will be subject to tax at generally applicable U.S. federal income tax rates. DST believes that it
has not been a “U.S. real property holding corporation” for U.S. federal income tax purposes at any time during
the five-year period preceding the merger.

Information Reporting and Backup Withholding

Payments made in exchange for shares of DST common stock pursuant to the merger may be subject, under
certain circumstances, to information reporting and backup withholding. To avoid backup withholding, a U.S.
holder that does not otherwise establish an exemption should complete and return an IRS Form W-9, certifying
under penalties of perjury that such U.S. holder is a “United States person” (within the meaning of the Code), that
the taxpayer identification number provided is correct and that such U.S. holder is not subject to backup
withholding.

A non-U.S. holder may be subject to information reporting and backup withholding on the cash received in
exchange for DST common stock unless the non-U.S. holder establishes an exemption, for example, by properly
certifying its non-U.S. status on an appropriate version of IRS Form W-8.

Backup withholding is not an additional tax. Any amounts withheld under the backup withholding rules may
be refunded or credited against a holder’s U.S. federal income tax liability, if any, provided that such holder
furnishes the required information to the IRS in a timely manner.

Holders of DST common stock are urged to consult their own tax advisors with respect to the tax
consequences of the merger in their particular circumstances, including the applicability and effect of the
alternative minimum tax and any state, local, non-U.S. or other tax laws and of changes in those laws.

65



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 75/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Regulatory Approvals

General

DST and SS&C have agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other party in taking
any and all actions, and to do all things reasonably necessary, appropriate or desirable, to consummate and make
effective the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including obtaining any
requisite approvals. These approvals include approval of, or under, the HSR Act, the competition law of Ireland,
FINRA, the FCA, the Central Bank of Ireland and Luxembourg’s Commission de Surveillance du Secteur
Financier. Although we expect that all required regulatory clearances and approvals will be obtained, we cannot
assure you that these regulatory clearances and approvals will be timely obtained or obtained at all, or that the
granting of these regulatory clearances and approvals will not involve the imposition of additional conditions on
the completion of the merger, including the requirement to divest assets, or require changes to the terms of the
merger agreement. These conditions or changes could result in the conditions to the closing of the merger not
being satisfied.

Other than the approvals and notifications described below, neither DST or SS&C is aware of any material
regulatory approvals required to be obtained, or waiting periods required to expire, after the making of a filing. If
the parties discover that other approvals or filings and waiting periods are necessary, they will seek to obtain or
comply with them, although, as is the case with the regulatory approvals described above, there can be no
assurance that they will be obtained on a timely basis, if at all.

HSR Act and Other Antitrust Matters

Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated thereunder by the Federal Trade Commission, the merger
cannot be completed until DST and SS&C each file a notification and report form with the Federal Trade
Commission and the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice and the applicable waiting period thereunder
has expired or been terminated. DST and SS&C filed their respective HSR Act notifications on February 1, 2018.

At any time before or after consummation of the merger, notwithstanding the expiration or termination of
the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, the Antitrust Division of the Department of Justice or the
Federal Trade Commission could take such action under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in
the public interest, including seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger, seeking divestiture of substantial
assets of the parties or requiring the parties to license, or hold separate, assets or terminate existing relationships
and contractual rights. At any time before or after the completion of the merger, and notwithstanding the
expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act, any state could take such action
under the antitrust laws as it deems necessary or desirable in the public interest. Such action could include
seeking to enjoin the completion of the merger or seeking divestiture of substantial assets of the parties. Private
parties may also seek to take legal action under the antitrust laws under certain circumstances.

Additionally, both DST and SS&C operate in Ireland. The approval of the Competition and Consumer
Protection Commission or the expiration of the review period is a required condition to the consummation of the
merger.

Financial Conduct Authority

Section 178 of the U.K. Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, which we refer to as the FSMA, requires
SS&C (or any other potential controllers in SS&C’s group, to the extent required) to give notice to the FCA of
their intention to acquire control of DST Financial Services Europe Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of DST
that is authorized by the FCA. Any failure to give the FCA required notice under section 178 of the FSMA and
any acquisition of control by a proposed controller during the FCA assessment period without FCA prior
approval are both criminal offenses under section 191F of the FSMA. Completion of the merger is, therefore,
subject to the receipt of FCA approval. Finally, a failure by DST Financial Services Europe Limited to make the
relevant notification to the FCA under the FCA’s rules could result in FCA action being taken against it. SS&C
filed its application on January 29, 2018.

66



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 76/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Other Regulatory Approvals

Applications for approval or notification to regulators have been filed, or will be filed, with certain other
non-U.S. regulatory authorities, including, the Central Bank of Ireland, which we refer to as CBI, under the
Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, which we refer to as
CSSF, pursuant to Article 18 of the 1993 Law of Luxembourg. Although DST and SS&C do not expect these
regulatory authorities to raise any significant concerns in connection with the merger, there is no assurance that
DST and SS&C will obtain all required regulatory approvals on a timely basis, if at all.

DST and SS&C filed their respective CBI notifications on January 12, 2018 and January 29, 2018
respectively. DST filed its CSSF notification on January 12, 2018. SS&C filed its CSSF notification on
February 7, 2018.

FINRA Notices and Filings

DST also must file applications and notices to FINRA in connection with the indirect change in control, as a
result of the merger, of DST’s SEC registered broker-dealer subsidiaries. DST’s SEC registered broker-dealer
subsidiaries filed their respective applications on February 16, 2018.

Legal Proceedings Regarding the Merger

On February 20, 2018, a putative class action complaint was filed against DST and the members of its board
of directors in the United States District Court for the District of Delaware under the caption Scott v. DST Sys.,
Inc., et al., Case No. 1:18-cv-00286-UNA (D. Del.). The complaint alleges that the preliminary proxy statement
issued in connection with the merger omitted material information in violation of Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the complaint alleges that the preliminary proxy statement does
not disclose the line items used to calculate certain measures that do not comply with Generally Accepted
Accounting Principles (“non-GAAP”) or a reconciliation of such non-GAAP metrics to their most comparable
GAAP measures, and also does not disclose actual projected values of unlevered free cash flow (“UFCF”) or the
values of the line items utilized to calculate UFCF, rendering the preliminary proxy statement false and
misleading. The complaint seeks an order (1) declaring that the action is properly maintainable as a class action
and certifying the plaintiff as class representative and his counsel as class counsel; (2) enjoining DST from
proceeding with the shareholder vote on the merger or consummating the merger, unless and until DST issues
additional disclosures; (3) awarding damages; (4) awarding costs and disbursements of this action, including
reasonable attorneys’ and expert fees and expenses; and (5) granting such other and further relief as the Court
may deem just and proper. The defendants believe the lawsuit is without merit and intend to defend vigorously
against these allegations.

On February 21, 2018, a putative class action complaint was filed against DST and the members of its board
of directors in the United States District Court for the Western District of Missouri under the caption Pratt v. DST
Sys., Inc., et al., Case No. 4:18-cv-00133-DGK (W.D. Mo.). The complaint alleges that the preliminary proxy
statement issued in connection with the merger omitted material information in violation of Sections 14(a) and
20(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Specifically, the complaint alleges that the preliminary proxy
statement does not disclose the line items used to calculate certain non-GAAP measures or a reconciliation of
such non-GAAP metrics to their most comparable GAAP measures; does not disclose actual projected values of
UFCF or the values of the line items utilized to calculate UFCF; does not disclose the multiples and metrics for
the Publicly Traded Companies Analyses; and does not disclose the multiples and metrics for the Selected
Precedent Transactions Analyses, rendering the preliminary proxy statement false and misleading. The complaint
seeks an order (1) declaring that the action is properly maintainable as a class action and certifying the plaintiff as
class representative and his counsel as class counsel; (2) enjoining DST from proceeding with the shareholder
vote on the merger or consummating the merger; (3) directing DST to disseminate a materially complete and
accurate Proxy Statement; (4) awarding damages; (5) awarding costs and disbursements of this action, including
reasonable attorneys’ and expert fees and expenses; (6) declaring that the defendants violated Sections 14(a)
and/or 20(a) of the 1934 Act, as well as Rule 14a-9; and (7) granting such other and further relief as the Court
may deem just and proper. The defendants believe the lawsuit is without merit and intend to defend vigorously
against these allegations.

67



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 77/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TERMS OF THE MERGER AGREEMENT

The following summary describes certain material provisions of the merger agreement. This summary is not
complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, which is attached to this proxy
statement as Annex A and incorporated into this proxy statement by reference. We encourage you to read the
merger agreement carefully in its entirety because this summary may not contain all the information about the
merger agreement that is important to you. The rights and obligations of the parties are governed by the express
terms of the merger agreement and not by this summary or any other information contained in this proxy
statement.

The representations, warranties, covenants and agreements described below and included in the merger
agreement were made for purposes of the merger agreement and as of specific dates, were for the benefit of the
parties to the merger agreement except as expressly stated therein and may be subject to important qualifications,
limitations and supplemental information agreed to by DST, SS&C and Merger Sub in connection with
negotiating the terms of the merger agreement, including certain qualifications, limitations and supplemental
information disclosed in the confidential disclosure schedules to the merger agreement. In addition, the
representations and warranties were included in the merger agreement for the purpose of allocating contractual
risk between DST, SS&C and Merger Sub, and may be subject to standards of materiality applicable to such
parties that differ from those generally applicable to investors. In reviewing the representations, warranties and
covenants contained in the merger agreement or any description thereof in this summary, it is important to bear
in mind that such representations, warranties, covenants and agreements or any descriptions were not intended
by the parties to the merger agreement to be characterizations of the actual state of facts or condition of DST,
SS&C and Merger Sub or any of their respective affiliates or businesses except as expressly stated in the merger
agreement. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the representations and warranties may
change after the date of the merger agreement. In addition, you should not rely on the covenants in the merger
agreement as actual limitations on the respective businesses of DST, SS&C and Merger Sub because the parties
to the merger agreement may take certain actions that are either expressly permitted in the confidential
disclosure schedules to the merger agreement or as otherwise consented to by the appropriate party, which
consent may be given without prior notice to the public. The merger agreement is described below, and attached
as Annex A hereto, with the intention of providing you with information regarding the terms of the merger.
Accordingly, the representations, warranties, covenants and other agreements in the merger agreement should
not be read alone, and you should read the information provided elsewhere in this document and in our filings
with the SEC regarding DST and our business. Please see “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning
on page 102.

Structure of the Merger

On the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger agreement and in accordance with the applicable
provisions of the DGCL, on the closing date and at the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub will merge with
and into DST, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub will cease and DST will continue as the surviving
corporation in the merger and as a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of SS&C. The merger will have the effects
set forth in the merger agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL.

Closing and the Effective Time of the Merger

The closing for the merger will take place (a) on the later of  (i) the second (2nd) business day following the
day on which all conditions to closing (described below under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the
Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Conditions to the Closing of the Merger” beginning on
page 85) (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing) are satisfied or, to the
extent permitted by law, waived and (ii) on the date following the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver
of such conditions that is the earliest to occur of  (A) a date during the marketing period to be specified by SS&C
on no less than two (2) business days’ notice to DST and (B) the final day of the marketing period, or (b) at such
other place, at such other time or on such other date as SS&C and DST may mutually agree.

68



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 78/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

At the closing, the parties will file a certificate of merger with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware
in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL. The merger will become effective upon the filing of the
certificate of merger, or at such later time as is agreed by DST and SS&C and specified in the certificate of
merger.

Directors and Officers; Certificate of Incorporation; Bylaws

The directors of Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will, from and after the
effective time of the merger, be the directors of the surviving corporation until their successors have been duly
elected and qualified or until their earlier death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of
incorporation and the bylaws of the surviving corporation. The officers of DST immediately prior to the effective
time of the merger will, from and after the effective time of the merger, be the officers of the surviving
corporation until their successors will have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until the earlier of
their death, resignation or removal in accordance with the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving
corporation.

At the effective time of the merger, the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of Merger Sub will become
the certificate of incorporation and bylaws of the surviving corporation until thereafter changed or amended as
provided therein or by applicable law, except that the certificate of incorporation and bylaws will be amended by
SS&C as of the effective time of the merger to change the name of Merger Sub to the name of the surviving
corporation and to contain such provisions as are necessary to give full effect to the provisions described under
the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — 
Additional Agreements — Directors’ and Officers’ Indemnification and Insurance” beginning on page 83.

Merger Consideration

Common Stock

At the effective time of the merger and without any action on the part of the holder, each share of DST
common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other than excluded
shares), will be converted into the right to receive the Merger Consideration. All shares, when so converted into
the right to receive the per share Merger Consideration, will automatically be cancelled and will cease to exist.

If between the date of the merger agreement and the effective time of the merger, the outstanding shares of
DST common stock shall have been changed into a different number of shares or a different class, including by
reason of any stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, readjustment or
exchange of shares, or any similar event shall have occurred, then any number or amount contained in the merger
agreement which is based upon the number of shares of DST common stock will be appropriately adjusted to
provide to the holders of DST common stock the same economic effect as contemplated by the merger agreement
prior to such event.

Treatment of Company Awards

Options.   Upon completion of the merger, each vested Option that is outstanding immediately prior to the
closing will be cancelled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as reasonably
practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) equal to
the product of  (x) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration (without interest) over the exercise price per
share of DST common stock of such vested Option, multiplied by (y) the number of shares of DST common
stock subject to such vested Option less applicable withholding taxes. Each vested Option with an exercise price
equal to or greater than the merger consideration will be cancelled immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger without payment of any consideration. Each unvested Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior
to the closing will be converted automatically into a Rollover Option to purchase the number of shares of SS&C
common stock equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of DST common stock
subject to such unvested Option immediately prior to the closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with
any fractional shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Rollover Option will have an
exercise price

69



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 79/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

per share of SS&C common stock (rounded up to the nearest whole cent) equal to (1) the per share exercise price
for the shares of DST common stock subject to such unvested Option divided by (2) the Equity Award Exchange
Ratio. Each Rollover Option will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the
unvested option under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement.

Restricted Stock Units.   Upon completion of the merger, each vested restricted stock unit outstanding
immediately prior to the closing will be canceled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash payment
payable as soon as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after
the closing) equal to the product of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST common
stock subject to the vested restricted stock unit, subject to any required tax withholding; provided, that to the
extent that any such vested restricted stock unit constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under
Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest
time permitted under the terms of the award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under
Section 409A. Each unvested restricted stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing (including
restricted stock units that will comprise the annual equity awards to be granted by DST in February 2018) will be
converted into a Rollover RSU equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of
DST common stock subject to the unvested restricted stock unit immediately prior to the closing by (y) the
Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of
shares. Each Rollover RSU will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested
restricted stock unit under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement.

Performance Stock Units.   Upon completion of the merger, each vested performance stock unit that is
outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be cancelled and the holder will be entitled to receive a cash
payment payable as soon as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business
days after the closing) equal to the product of  (x) the Merger Consideration and (y) the number of shares of DST
common stock that would be delivered in respect of such vested performance stock unit based on actual
performance through to the effective date of the merger, subject to any required tax withholding; provided, that to
the extent that any such vested performance stock unit constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under
Section 409A, the cash payment will be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest
time permitted under the terms of the award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under
Section 409A. Each unvested performance stock unit that is outstanding immediately prior to the closing will be
converted into a Rollover PSU equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of shares of DST
common stock that would be delivered in respect of such unvested performance stock unit based on actual
projected performance through to the effective date of the merger (equal to 124% of target for performance
stock units granted in 2016, and 200% of target for performance stock units granted in 2017) by (y) the Equity
Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each
Rollover PSU will otherwise be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the unvested performance
stock unit under the applicable DST stock plan and award agreement, including time-vesting requirements, but
excluding any performance-vesting requirements.

Cash Awards.   Each vested long-term cash award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing
shall be cancelled at the closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon
as practicable following the closing (but in any event no later than three (3) business days after the closing) in the
amount set forth in the applicable notice of grant and award agreement; provided, that to the extent that any such
vested long-term cash award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation under Section 409A, the cash
payment will be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the
terms of the award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A. Each unvested
long-term cash award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing will remain outstanding and
subject to the same terms and conditions as in effect immediately prior to the closing.

70



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 80/196

• a form of letter of transmittal; and
• instructions for effecting the surrender of book-entry shares or certificates in exchange for the

applicable merger consideration.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Exchange Procedures

No later than ten (10) days prior to the effective time of the merger, SS&C shall appoint a bank or trust
company reasonably acceptable to DST to act as paying agent for the payment and delivery of the merger
consideration. On the closing date, SS&C shall deposit, or cause to be deposited, with the designated paying
agent, as needed, cash to pay the merger consideration.

As reasonably promptly as practicable after the effective time of the merger (and in any event within five
(5) business days after the effective time of the merger), SS&C shall cause the paying agent to mail, or otherwise
provide in the case of book-entry shares, to each holder of record of shares of DST common stock:

Upon the surrender of, in the case of shares of DST common stock represented by a certificate, a certificate
for cancellation to the paying agent together with the letter of transmittal, duly, completely and validly executed
in accordance with the instructions thereto (or affidavits in lieu thereof) or, in the case of shares of DST common
stock held as book-entry shares, the receipt of an “agent’s message” by the paying agent, in each case together
with such other documents as may reasonably be required by the paying agent, the holder of shares of DST
common stock shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the merger consideration into which such shares
of DST common stock have been converted.

Until such shares of DST common stock are surrendered as described above, each share of DST common
stock, and any certificate with respect thereto, shall be deemed at any time from and after the effective time of the
merger to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the merger consideration that the holders of
shares of DST common stock are entitled to receive in respect of such shares.

In the event of a transfer of ownership of DST common stock that is not registered in the transfer records of
DST, the merger consideration may be paid to a transferee if the certificate or book-entry share representing such
DST common stock is presented to the paying agent (or, in the case of book-entry shares, proper evidence of such
transfer) accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence that any
applicable stock transfer taxes have been paid.

Any portion of the payment fund (including any interest received with respect thereto) that remains
undistributed to the holders of DST common stock nine (9) months after the effective time of the merger shall be
delivered to SS&C (or its designee) upon demand, and any holder of DST common stock who has not complied
with the exchange procedures in the merger agreement shall thereafter look only to SS&C for payment of its
claim for merger consideration without any interest thereon (subject to abandoned property, escheat or similar
laws).

Withholding Rights

Each of DST, SS&C, Merger Sub, the surviving corporation and the paying agent (without duplication) shall
be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration payable pursuant to the merger agreement to any holder
of DST common stock, Rollover Options, Rollover RSUs and Rollover PSUs such amounts as are required to be
withheld under U.S. federal tax law or any applicable provision of state, local or foreign tax law.

Appraisal Rights

Any dissenting shares will not be converted into the right to receive the per share merger consideration.
Instead the holders of such dissenting shares will be entitled to such rights as are granted by Section 262 of the
DGCL, unless and until such stockholder has failed to timely perfect, or has effectively withdrawn or lost, such
stockholder’s right to dissent from the merger under the DGCL, in which case such stockholder shall be entitled
to receive the merger consideration, without interest thereon, in exchange for such shares of DST common stock,
and such shares of DST common stock shall no longer be deemed to be dissenting shares.

71



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 81/196

• due organization, valid existence, good standing and qualification to do business;

• capitalization, including the number of shares of DST common stock, options and other stock-based
awards outstanding and ownership of subsidiaries;

• the absence of restrictions or encumbrances with respect to the capital stock of DST and its
subsidiaries;

• corporate authorization of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and the valid and binding nature of the merger agreement;

• the approval and recommendation by the Board of Directors of the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

• the absence of any conflicts with or violations of organizational documents and other agreements or
laws;

• required filings with, and consents from, governmental entities in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement;

• compliance with applicable laws, including the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the possession of
required permits necessary for the conduct of DST’s business and absence of governmental
investigations;

• broker-dealer and transfer agent registration matters;

• compliance with SEC filing requirements, including the accuracy of the information contained in such
documents and compliance with GAAP, and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect to
consolidated financial statements contained therein;

• absence of undisclosed liabilities;

• internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures relating to financial reporting;

• material contracts;

• the absence of certain material changes or events in the business of DST, including that there has not
been a Company material adverse effect (as defined below);

• absence of litigation;

• employee benefit plans;

• labor and employment matters;

• insurance policies;

• real properties;

• tax matters;

• intellectual property;

• environmental matters;

• the receipt by the Board of Directors of an opinion of DST’s financial advisor as to the fairness, from a
financial point of view, of the consideration to be received by holders of shares of DST common stock,
upon consummation of the merger;

• the absence of any undisclosed brokers’ fee;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains a number of representations and warranties made by the parties thereto that
are subject in some cases to exceptions and qualifications, including “material adverse effect” qualifications.
Please see the definition of  “Company material adverse effect” in this section beginning on page 73. The
representations and warranties of DST in the merger agreement relate to, among other things:

72



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 82/196

• compliance with the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977; and

• inapplicability of anti-takeover statutes.

• due organization, valid existence, good standing and qualification to do business;

• corporate authorization of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and the valid and binding nature of the merger agreement;

• the absence of any conflicts with or violations of organizational documents and other agreements or
laws;

• required filings with, and consents from, governmental entities in connection with the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement;

• absence of litigation;

• operations of Merger Sub;

• the absence of any undisclosed brokers’ fee;

• financing and the validity of the debt commitment letter;

• ownership of DST common stock; and

• solvency.

• (a) conditions affecting the United States economy, or any other national or regional economy or the
global economy generally;

• (b) political conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the United States or any other country or
region in the world, declared or undeclared acts of war, sabotage or terrorism, epidemics or pandemics
(including any escalation or general worsening of any of the foregoing) or national or international
emergency in the United States or any other country or region of the world occurring after the date of
the merger agreement;

• (c) changes in the financial, credit, banking or securities markets in the United States or any other
country or region in the world (including any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any
security or any market index) and including changes or developments in or relating to currency
exchange or interest rates;

• (d) changes required by GAAP, or other accounting standards (or interpretations thereof);

• (e) changes in any laws or other binding directives issued by any governmental entity (or
interpretations thereof), including, to the extent relevant to the business of DST and its subsidiaries, in
any legal or regulatory requirement or condition or the regulatory enforcement environment and not
specifically relating to DST or its subsidiaries;

• (f) changes that are generally applicable to the industries in which DST and its subsidiaries operate and
not specifically relating to DST or its subsidiaries;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The representations and warranties of SS&C and Merger Sub in the merger agreement relate to, among other
things:

Certain of the representations and warranties made by the parties are qualified as to “knowledge,”
“materiality” or a “Company material adverse effect” or “SS&C material adverse effect”, as applicable. For
purposes of the merger agreement, a “Company material adverse effect,” means any circumstance, effect or
change that, individually or in the aggregate, (i) materially adversely affects the business, financial condition or
results of operations of DST and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (ii) is or would be reasonably expected to
prevent or materially impair, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the merger or the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by DST. However, in the case of clause (i), any circumstance,
effect or change arising from or related to the following shall not be taken into account in determining whether a
DST material adverse effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur:

73



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 83/196

• (g) any failure by DST to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or revenue or earnings
predictions for any period ending on or after the date of the merger agreement or any decline in the
market price or trading volume of DST common stock;

• (h) the negotiation, execution or delivery of the merger agreement, the performance by any party
thereto of its obligations under the merger agreement or the public announcement (including as to the
identity of the parties thereto) of the merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement including the impact thereof on relationships, contractual or otherwise (including the
cessation of any such relationship) with customers, suppliers, landlords, tenants, lenders, investors,
joint venture partners, partners or employees of DST and its subsidiaries;

• (i) changes in DST’s credit rating;

• (j) the occurrence of natural disasters, force majeure events or weather conditions adverse to the
business being carried on by DST and its subsidiaries;

• (k) stockholder litigation arising from or relating to the merger agreement or the merger;

• (l) any action taken that is required by the terms of the merger agreement, or with the prior written
consent or at the written direction of SS&C;

• (m) any damage or destruction of any real property owned by DST or any of its subsidiaries that is
substantially paid for by insurance;

• (n) any cyber-attacks, data breaches, ransomware attacks or similar events affecting DST, excluding
any such breaches, attacks or events to the extent attributable to the negligence of DST or any of its
subsidiaries or to the failure of DST or any of its subsidiaries to follow the best practices of the
industries in which DST and its subsidiaries operate;

• or (p) the failure to obtain any approval by the governing board and stockholders of each DST-advised
registered fund of a new investment advisory agreement as described in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the
Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Client Consents”).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The circumstances, effects or changes described in sub-sections (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), or (f) above will be
taken into account in determining whether a Company material adverse effect has occurred to the extent such
circumstances, effects or changes disproportionately affect DST and its subsidiaries relative to other companies in
the industries in which DST and its subsidiaries operate, in which case only the incremental disproportionate
effect shall be taken into account). In addition, the failures and declines described in sub-sections (g) and
(i) above will not prevent the underlying cause of any such failure or decline from being considered in
determining whether a Company material adverse effect has occurred to the extent not otherwise excluded by
another exception.

Furthermore, the exception described in sub-section (h) above does not apply to any representation,
warranty, covenant or agreement of DST in the merger agreement that is intended to address the consequences of
the execution, delivery or performance of the merger agreement or the consummation of the transactions
contemplated thereby).

For purposes of the merger agreement, “SS&C material adverse effect” means any circumstance, effect or
change that, individually or in the aggregate, is or would be reasonably expected to prevent or materially impair,
interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement by SS&C or Merger Sub.

None of the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement survive the consummation of
the merger.

Conduct of Business Pending the Merger

From the date of the merger agreement until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the
termination of the merger agreement, except (i) as expressly set forth in DST’s disclosure letter; (2) as expressly
contemplated or required by the merger agreement or as expressly required by the terms of any benefit plan in
effect as of the date of the merger agreement; (3) with the prior written consent of SS&C

74



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 84/196

• amend the charter, bylaws or organizational documents of any of DST or its subsidiaries (whether by
merger, consolidation or otherwise);

• adopt a plan of, or otherwise effect a, complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger,
consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization;

• declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or
property or any combination thereof) in respect of, any of its capital stock, other equity interests or
voting securities, other than (A) dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned
subsidiary to its parent and (B) dividends or distributions made by any subsidiary that is not wholly
owned, directly or indirectly, by DST or by any joint venture of DST or any of its subsidiaries, as
required by the organizational documents of such subsidiary or such joint venture;

• split, combine, subdivide or reclassify any of DST’s or any of its subsidiaries’ securities, or issue any
other securities;

• repurchase or redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any of
DST’s or any of its subsidiaries’ securities;

• issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber or subject to any lien (i) any of DST’s or any of
its subsidiaries’ securities or (ii) any of DST’s voting debt;

• amend any term of any of DST’s securities;

• incur any capital expenditure or any obligations or liabilities in respect thereof in excess of $2,000,000
in the aggregate, other than certain capital expenditure obligations set forth in DST’s capital
expenditure budget;

• create, incur, assume, suffer to exist or otherwise be liable with respect to any additional indebtedness
for borrowed money or guarantees;

• make any loans, advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other person;

• acquire or agree to acquire, whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock or assets or
otherwise, in any transaction any equity interest in or the business of any person or division thereof or
any properties or assets;

• sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or otherwise subject to any lien (other than permitted
liens) or otherwise dispose of any properties or assets or any interests therein;

• settle or compromise, or offer to settle or compromise any material litigation, investigation, proceeding
or other claim or dispute;

• release, dismiss or otherwise dispose of any claim, liability, obligation or arbitration;

• enter into, terminate or materially amend any material contracts or material real property leases;

• enter into, terminate or materially amend any contracts that, if in effect on January 11, 2018, would
have been a material contract or material real property lease;

• waive in any material respect any term or material default under, or release, settle or compromise any
material claim by or against DST or any of its subsidiaries or material liability or obligation owing to
DST or any of its subsidiaries under, any material contract or material real property lease;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (4) as required by applicable laws, DST shall, and
shall cause each DST subsidiary to, conduct the business of DST and each DST subsidiary in all material respects
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, and use its reasonable best efforts to (A) preserve
intact its present business organization, (B) maintain in effect all of its permits and (C) maintain satisfactory
relationships with its customers, lenders, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material
business relationships with it; and (D) not to, subject to certain exceptions:

75



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 85/196

• sell, license or sublicense or dispose of, abandon or permit to lapse, or incur any lien (other than
permitted liens) on any DST owned intellectual property or material DST licensed intellectual property;

• fail to maintain existing material insurance policies or comparable replacement policies with respect to
the material assets, operations and activities of DST and its subsidiaries as is currently in effect;

• make or adopt any change in the accounting methods, principles or practices except insofar as may be
required by a change in GAAP or law (or interpretations thereof);

• make, change or revoke any tax election, change any annual tax accounting period, adopt or change
any method of tax accounting, file any amended income tax return or other material tax return or claim
for a tax refund, settle or compromise any material tax liability or material tax refund, enter into any
material closing agreement or surrender any right to claim a material tax refund or other reduction in
tax liability;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, increase the compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to any current or
former employees, directors, officers or individual independent contractors of DST or any of its
subsidiaries (except, with respect to any employee who is not a director or key employee (as set out in
the schedules to the merger agreement), an increase in base compensation in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice in connection with annual compensation reviews or ordinary
course promotions, which increases in the aggregate shall not exceed $18 million);

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, accelerate the time of payment or vesting of any compensation, award or benefits or the
funding of any payment, award or benefit payable or to become payable to any current or former
director, officer, employee or individual independent contractor of DST or any DST subsidiary;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, materially amend any employee benefit plan or adopt or enter into any employee benefit
plan;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, grant or increase any severance, retention (other than pursuant to a retention program in the
aggregate amount of  $7.5 million with respect to up to approximately 100 employees) or termination
pay to, or enter into or amend any retention, termination, employment, consulting, bonus, change in
control or severance agreement with, any current or former employee, director, officer, or individual
independent contractor of DST or any DST subsidiary;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, grant any equity, equity-based or other incentive award to (other than the 2018 grant of
DST restricted stock units up to an aggregate of  $35.5 million in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice), or discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any such award
held by, any current or former employee, director, officer or individual independent contractor of DST
or any DST subsidiary;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, establish, adopt, enter into or amend any collective bargaining agreement;

• other than as required by the terms of any employee benefit plan in effect as of the date of the merger
agreement, hire any (a) key employees or (b) any employee who is not a key employee other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; or (viii) terminate the employment of any key
employees other than for cause; or

• agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

76



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 86/196

• solicit, initiate or knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage any inquiry, discussion, offer or request
that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, an alternative proposal (provided that
ministerial acts that are not otherwise prohibited (such as answering unsolicited phone calls, but not
proceeding to engage in a substantive conversation) shall not be deemed to “facilitate”);

• furnish non-public information regarding DST or any of its subsidiaries or afford access to the
business, properties, assets, books or records of DST or any of its subsidiaries to any person in
connection with an alternative proposal;

• enter into or participate in any discussions or negotiations with any person with respect to an alternative
proposal;

• approve, agree to, accept, endorse or recommend any alternative proposal;

• effect any adverse recommendation change (as defined below);

• enter into any agreement, letter of intent, term sheet or other similar instrument providing for any
alternative proposal (except for acceptable confidentiality agreements) (as defined herein);

• fail to enforce or grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to
any class of equity securities of DST or any of its subsidiaries; or

• approve any transaction under, or any person becoming an “interested stockholder” under, Section 203
of the DGCL.

• furnish non-public information to and afford access to the business, employees, officers, contracts,
properties, assets, books and records of DST and its subsidiaries to any person in response to such
alternative proposal, pursuant to a confidentiality agreement that contains terms no less favorable (other
than in any immaterial respect) to DST than the terms set forth in the confidentiality agreement entered
into by DST and SS&C, dated November 9, 2017, provided that such confidentiality agreement need
not contain a standstill or similar provision that prohibits the counterparty thereto or any of its affiliates
or representatives from making any alternative proposal, acquiring DST or taking any other similar
action, which we refer to as an acceptable confidentiality agreement; or

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Additional Agreements

No Solicitation

As of the date of the merger agreement, DST agreed to immediately cease any existing solicitations,
discussions or negotiations with any parties that may have been ongoing with respect to an alternative proposal
(as described below) or any proposal that would be reasonably expected to result in an alternative proposal.

Under the merger agreement, DST is generally not permitted to solicit or discuss alternative proposals with
third parties, subject to certain exceptions.

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, DST may not, and has agreed to cause its
subsidiaries and its and its subsidiaries’ directors, officers, managers and employees not to, and has agreed to
instruct, and use reasonable best efforts to cause, its and its subsidiaries’ representatives not to, directly or
indirectly:

Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the special meeting, DST is permitted to, in response to the receipt
of a bona fide alternative proposal under circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of the non-solicitation
provisions of the merger agreement by DST and the Board of Directors determines in its good faith judgment,
after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisor, that such alternative proposal constitutes or
would reasonably be expected to lead to a superior proposal and the failure to take such action would reasonably
be expected to be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable law:

77



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 87/196

• enter into and maintain discussions or negotiations with such party regarding such alternative proposal.

• merger, consolidation, share exchange, other business combination or similar transaction involving
DST that would result in any person or group beneficially owning twenty percent (20%) or more of the
outstanding equity interests of DST or any successor or parent company thereto or any subsidiary
whose assets constitute 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of DST and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

• sale, contribution or other disposition, directly or indirectly (including by way of merger, consolidation,
share exchange, other business combination, partnership, joint venture, sale of capital stock of or other
equity interests in a subsidiary or otherwise) of any business or assets of DST or its subsidiaries
representing 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of DST and its
subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

• issuance, sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, to any person (or the stockholders of any
person) or group of securities (or options, rights or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into
or exchangeable for, such securities) representing 20% or more of the voting power of DST or any
subsidiary whose assets constitute 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of
DST and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole;

• transaction in which any person (or the stockholders of any person) shall acquire, directly or indirectly,
beneficial ownership, or the right to acquire beneficial ownership, or formation of any group which
beneficially owns or has the right to acquire beneficial ownership of, 20% or more of DST common
stock or securities (or options, rights or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, such securities) representing 20% or more of the voting power of DST or any
subsidiary whose assets constitute 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of
DST and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or

• any combination of the foregoing.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

In addition, following the receipt of a bona fide alternative proposal under circumstances not otherwise
involving a breach of the non-solicitation provisions of the merger agreement by DST, DST may contact the
person who had made such alternative proposal for the purpose of clarifying the terms and conditions of any such
proposal to determine whether such alternative proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a
superior proposal.

However, DST may not take any of the actions set forth in the preceding two bullets, unless (x) DST
delivers to SS&C a prior written notice advising SS&C that it intends to take such action, and, after taking such
action, DST must continue to advise SS&C on a reasonably current basis of the status and material terms of any
discussions and negotiations, and (y) promptly (but in no event more than 24 hours) following receipt by DST or
any of its subsidiaries or any of their respective representatives of any alternative proposal or any request for
information relating to DST or any of its subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or
records of DST or any of its subsidiaries by any third party that DST has reason to believe may be considering
making, or has made, an alternative proposal, DST shall advise SS&C in writing of the receipt of such alternative
proposal or request, and subject to the existing terms of confidentiality obligations of DST as in place as of the
date of the merger agreement, the terms and conditions of any such alternative proposal (including, in each case,
the identity of the person or group making any such alternative proposal), and DST shall as reasonably promptly
as practicable provide to SS&C (i) a copy of any such alternative proposal, if in writing; or (ii) a summary of the
material terms of any such alternative proposal if oral.

For purposes of the merger agreement, alternative proposal means any proposal or offer (whether or not in
writing), with respect to any

For purposes of the merger agreement, superior proposal means any bona fide, unsolicited, written proposal
or offer made by a third party or group pursuant to which such third party (or, in a parent-to-parent merger
involving such third party, the stockholders of such third party) or group would acquire, directly or indirectly,
more than 50% of DST common stock or consolidated assets of DST and its

78



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 88/196

• the Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that the
failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise
of their fiduciary duties under applicable law;

• the Board of Directors provides SS&C three (3) business days prior written notice of its intention to
make an adverse recommendation change, which notice must include a copy of the alternative proposal
and the identity of the person making the superior proposal;

• during the three (3) business days following such written notice, or such shorter period as described
below, if desired by SS&C, DST and its representatives negotiate in good faith with SS&C regarding
any revisions to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by SS&C in response to the superior
proposal; and

• after the three (3) business day period described above (as extended, if applicable, as described below)
the Board of Directors determines in good faith, after considering the results of such negotiations and
giving effect to any proposals, amendments or modifications made or agreed to by SS&C, if any, and
after consultation with DST’s financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that such superior proposal
remains a superior proposal.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

subsidiaries, taken as a whole; on terms which the Board of Directors determines in good faith, after considering
the advice of a financial advisor of nationally recognized reputation and outside legal counsel, to be more
favorable to the holders of DST common stock than the merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions
of such proposal (including any break-up fees, expense reimbursement provisions and conditions and timing to
consummation) and the merger agreement (including any changes proposed by SS&C pursuant to the terms of the
merger agreement) and all financial, regulatory, legal and other aspects of such proposal, and for which financing,
if a cash transaction (whether in whole or in part), is then fully committed or reasonably determined to be
available by the Board of Directors.

Change of Recommendation

As described under the section entitled “The Special Meeting — Board of Directors’ Recommendation”
beginning on page 27, and subject to the provisions described below, the Board of Directors has made the
recommendation that the holders of shares of DST common stock vote “FOR” the merger proposal. The merger
agreement provides that the Board of Directors may not fail to make, withdraw, qualify or modify, or propose
publicly to fail to make, withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to SS&C, the recommendation of the
Board of Directors to DST’s stockholders that they vote “FOR” the merger and the adoption of the merger
agreement, or take any action, or make any public statement, filing or release inconsistent with the
recommendation of the Board of Directors to DST’s stockholders that they vote “FOR” the merger proposal,
which we refer to as an “adverse recommendation change”, except as described below.

The merger agreement provides that prior to the special meeting, the Board of Directors may, in response to
a bona fide, unsolicited alternative proposal in circumstances not otherwise involving a breach of the merger
agreement by DST, make an adverse recommendation change and terminate the agreement to enter into a
definitive written agreement with respect to a superior proposal if:

Under the merger agreement, any amendment to the financial terms or other material terms of any superior
proposal will require a new written notice from DST, including a binding agreement reflecting such amendment,
and the period during which DST and its representatives are required, if requested by SS&C, to negotiate with
SS&C regarding any revisions to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by SS&C in response to such
amended alternative proposal will be for the longer of  (x) 48 hours or (y) one (1) business day.

In addition to the foregoing, the Board of Directors is permitted to make an adverse recommendation change
based on any fact, circumstance, occurrence, event, development, change or condition, or combination thereof,
that was not known or reasonably foreseeable to DST as of or prior to the date of the merger agreement, if:

79



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 89/196

• the Board of Directors determines in good faith, after consultation with outside legal counsel, that the
failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise
of their fiduciary duties under applicable law;

• the Board of Directors provides SS&C three (3) business days prior written notice of its intention to
take such action, which notice must include a reasonably detailed description of the reasons for the
adverse recommendation change;

• during the three (3) business days following such written notice, if desired by SS&C, DST and its
representatives negotiate in good faith with SS&C regarding any revisions to the terms of the merger
agreement proposed by SS&C so that the failure to make such adverse recommendation change (in the
judgment of the Board of Directors after consultation with DST’s financial advisors and outside legal
counsel) would no longer be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties under
applicable law; and

• after the three (3) business day period described above (as extended, if applicable, as described below)
the Board of Directors determines in good faith, after considering the results of such negotiations and
giving effect to any proposals, amendments or modifications made or agreed to by SS&C, if any, and
after consultation with DST’s financial advisor and outside legal counsel, that the failure to make an
adverse recommendation change would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the director’s
exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable law.

• the merger agreement is terminated by DST to enter into a definitive agreement in connection with a
superior proposal; or

• the merger agreement is terminated by SS&C due to an adverse recommendation change.

• defend through litigation on the merits any claim asserted in any court with respect to the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement by the Federal Trade Commission, which we

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Notwithstanding any adverse recommendation change, until the termination of the merger agreement in
accordance with its terms (x) in no event may DST (A) enter into any agreement, letter of intent, term sheet or
other similar instrument relating to an alternative proposal (other than with respect to any advancement of DST’s
termination fee), (B) other than as required by applicable law, make, facilitate or provide information in
connection with any SEC or other regulatory filings in connection with the transactions contemplated by any an
alternative proposal or (C) seek any third party consents in connection with the transactions contemplated by any
alternative proposal, and (y) DST shall otherwise remain subject to all of its obligations under the merger
agreement.

As described in further detail in the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — 
Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — Termination Fees” beginning on
page 88, DST will be required to pay to SS&C a $165 million termination fee if:

Efforts to Obtain Required Stockholder Approvals

Unless the merger agreement has been earlier terminated, including pursuant to DST’s right to terminate the
merger agreement to enter into an agreement with respect to a superior proposal (see “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Change of
Recommendation”), DST has agreed to hold a special meeting and to use its reasonable best efforts to secure the
requisite approval of the DST stockholders for the merger proposal and the board of directors of DST will include
its recommendation in this proxy statement.

Efforts to Complete the Merger

SS&C and DST have each agreed to use their reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, any and
all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary, appropriate or desirable to
consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the merger and the other
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions thereof.

To the extent necessary in order to obtain the requisite consents of governmental entities and subject to the
limitations described below, SS&C has agreed to, and has agreed to cause its subsidiaries to:

80



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 90/196

• with respect to obtaining FCA approval, make any capital contribution.

• no later than February 2, 2018, make appropriate filings pursuant to the HSR Act, which the parties
filed on February 1, 2018;

• no later than February 9, 2018, make any required initial notifications to the FCA pursuant to section
178(1) of the FSMA (which the parties filed on January 29, 2018), to the CBI pursuant to section 39 of
the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and the requirements of the CBI (which DST and SS&C filed
on January 12, 2018 and January 29, 2018 respectively) and to the CSSF pursuant to Article 18 of the
1993 Law (which DST filed on January 12, 2018);

• as reasonably promptly as practicable, make all other required filings to governmental entities required
by the merger agreement.

• promptly notify the others of, and if in writing, furnish the others with copies of  (or, in the case of oral
communications, advise the others of the contents of) any communication to such person from a
governmental entity (including any non-action, action, clearance, consent, approval or waiver, the
commencement or proposed or threatened commencement of any investigation, litigation or
administrative or judicial action or proceeding under any regulatory law);

• consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with the FTC, DOJ, the FCA or any
other governmental entity or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party, with any other
person, and to the extent permitted by the FTC, the DOJ, the FCA or such other governmental entity or
other person, give the other party and/or its counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such
meetings and conferences and permit the others to review and discuss in advance (and to consider in
good faith any comments made by the others in relation to) any proposed written communication to a
governmental entity (except with respect to taxes);

TABLE OF CONTENTS

refer to as the FTC, the United States Department of Justice, which we refer to as the DOJ, the FCA, or
any other applicable governmental entity under any regulatory law if any civil, criminal or
administrative action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding or investigation is instituted (or threatened
to be instituted) challenging the consummation of the merger or any other transaction contemplated by
the merger agreement as violative of any regulatory law; and

Notwithstanding SS&C’s obligations summarized in the immediately foregoing paragraph, with respect to
obtaining FCA approval, SS&C is not required to contribute capital or take any other actions if such action would
(i) have a material adverse effect on DST and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or SS&C and its subsidiaries,
taken as a whole or (ii) involve a shutdown or divestiture of a material portion of SS&C’s United Kingdom
business.

In addition, SS&C and DST each agreed to:

DST has agreed that DST will cause (i) each broker-dealer to file with FINRA as soon as practicable a
substantially complete application seeking FINRA’s approval of the indirect change of ownership of such broker
dealer, use its reasonable best efforts to obtain such approval and provide SS&C and its counsel with an
opportunity to review any related filings and keep SS&C and its counsel reasonably informed of any
developments and (ii) each broker dealer that is a member of the National Securities Clearing Corporation to file
with the National Securities Clearing Corporation at least 90 days prior to closing, a written notification
regarding the indirect change of ownership of such broker dealer.

SS&C has agreed that neither SS&C nor Merger Sub shall, nor shall they permit their respective subsidiaries
to, acquire or agree to acquire any rights, assets, business, person or division thereof  (through acquisition,
license, joint venture, collaboration or otherwise), with the actual intent of increasing the risk of not obtaining or
the actual intent of increasing the risk of materially impeding or delaying the obtaining of, any governmental
approvals with respect to the merger or the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

In connection with the reasonable best efforts referenced above, the parties are obligated to, as applicable:

81



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 91/196

• keep the others reasonably informed of any developments, requests for meetings or discussions with
any governmental entity in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning the merger
(including the nature and status of any objections raised or proposed or threatened to be raised under
any regulatory law with respect to the merger agreement, the merger or the other transactions
contemplated thereby); and

• permit the other party and/or its counsel to review in advance, with reasonable time and opportunity to
comment, give reasonable consideration to the other party’s comments thereon, and consult with each
other in advance of any proposed submission, filing or communication (and documents submitted
therewith) intended to be given by it to the FTC, the DOJ, the FCA or any other governmental entity.

• compensation and benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the compensation and
benefits (other than equity compensation and other long-term incentives, change in control, retention,
transition, stay or similar arrangements) provided to such employees immediately prior to the
completion of the merger; and

• employee benefits which are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the employee benefits
provided to such employees immediately prior to the completion of the merger.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SS&C has the right to direct all matters with any governmental entity consistent with its obligations under
the merger agreement and has the right to make all strategic decisions and lead all discussions, negotiations and
other proceedings, and coordinate all activities with respect to any requests that may be made by, or any actions,
consents, undertakings, approvals, or waivers that may be sought by or from, any governmental entity, including
determining the strategy for contesting, litigating or otherwise responding to objections to, or proceedings
challenging, the consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement,
in each case subject to good faith consultations with DST reasonably in advance and in consideration of DST’s
views.

Employees and Employee Benefits

For the twelve (12) month period following completion of the merger, SS&C has agreed to provide, or cause
the surviving corporation to provide, to the employees of DST and its subsidiaries who continue to be so
employed following the completion of the merger, which we refer to as the continuing employees:

Except to the extent necessary to avoid duplication of benefits, service with DST and its subsidiaries will be
treated as service with SS&C and its subsidiaries for the purposes of determining eligibility to participate,
vesting, accrual of and entitlement to benefits (except for pension benefits, post-employment or retiree welfare
benefits, special or early retirement programs or window separation programs) for continuing non-union
employees and continuing union employees, which we refer to collectively as the continuing employees, under
benefit plans maintained by SS&C and its subsidiaries. If any covered employee becomes eligible to participate
in any benefit plan, program, practice, policy, or arrangement of SS&C or the surviving corporation, which we
refer to as a SS&C Plan, following the effective time of the merger, SS&C will or will cause the surviving
corporation to (i) waive any pre-existing condition exclusions and waiting periods with respect to participation
and coverage requirements applicable to any covered employee under any SS&C plan to the same extent such
limitation would have been waived or satisfied under the corresponding DST plan; and (ii) use commercially
reasonable efforts to provide each covered employee with credit for any deductibles, copayments and out-of-
pocket maximums paid prior to the covered employee’s coverage under any SS&C plan during the calendar year
in which such amount was paid, to the same extent such credit was given under a corresponding DST plan, in
satisfying any applicable deductible, copayment or out-of-pocket requirements under the SS&C plan.

Effective as of immediately prior to the closing, unless otherwise directed in writing by SS&C at least ten
(10) business days prior to the closing, DST shall take all actions reasonably necessary to terminate the DST
401(k) Profit Sharing Plan, which we refer to as the Savings Plan, or any other plan that is a qualified defined
contribution plan and designated by SS&C at least ten (10) business days prior to the closing. In the event the
Savings Plan is terminated, SS&C shall designate a tax-qualified defined contribution retirement

82



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 92/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

plan with a cash or deferred arrangement that is sponsored by SS&C or one of its subsidiaries, which we refer to
as the SS&C 401(k) Plan, that will cover continuing employees effective as of the closing, and shall count service
with DST as service with SS&C for purposes of eligibility and vesting under the SS&C 401(k) Plan.

For annual bonuses in respect of calendar year 2018, incentive plan participants will be eligible to receive a
cash bonus based on the actual level of achievement of the applicable performance criteria for the fiscal year, as
determined by DST’s Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors. The bonus will be prorated based on
the number of completed days in the performance year through the closing date, and will be payable on or about
the date DST would normally pay annual bonuses (or, if earlier, upon a qualifying termination of employment).

Directors’ and Officers’ Indemnification and Insurance

For six (6) years after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation will indemnify and hold
harmless each individual who was prior to or is as of the date of the merger agreement, or who becomes prior to
the effective time of the merger, a director or officer of DST or any of its subsidiaries or, at the request of DST, of
any joint venture, which we collectively refer to as the DST Indemnified Parties, against all claims, losses,
liabilities, damages, judgments, inquiries, fines and fees, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees
and disbursements, incurred in connection with any claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal,
administrative or investigative, (i) with respect to matters existing or occurring at or prior to the effective time of
the merger (including the merger agreement and the transactions and actions contemplated by the merger
agreement) or (ii) arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the DST Indemnified Party is or was a director or
officer of DST or any of its subsidiaries or is or was serving at the request of DST or any of its subsidiaries as a
director or officer of another person prior to the effective time of the merger, whether asserted or claimed prior to,
at or after the effective time of the merger, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law; provided, that
such indemnification shall be subject to any limitation imposed from time to time under applicable law.

For a period of six years from and after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation shall
either cause to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
maintained by DST or provide substitute policies for DST and its current and former directors and officers of
DST and its subsidiaries who are currently covered by the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage
currently maintained by DST, in either case, with limits not less than the existing coverage and having other
terms not less favorable in the aggregate to the insured persons than the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance
coverage currently maintained by DST with respect to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or
before the effective time of the merger (with insurance carriers having at least the same or better rating as DST’s
current insurance carrier for such insurance policies), except that in no event shall the surviving corporation be
required to pay with respect to such insurance policies an aggregate amount for such six year period that is more
than 300% of the annual premium most recently paid by DST prior to the date of the merger agreement, which
we refer to as the maximum amount, and if the surviving corporation is unable to obtain such insurance it shall
obtain as much comparable insurance as possible within such six-year period for an aggregate amount equal to
the maximum amount. However, in lieu of such insurance, prior to the closing date DST may, at its option
(following reasonable consultation with SS&C), purchase a fully prepaid “tail” directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance for DST and its current and former directors and officers who are currently covered by the directors’
and officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained by DST, such tail insurance to provide limits not
less than the existing coverage and to have other terms not less favorable to the insured persons than the
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained by DST with respect to claims arising
from facts or events that occurred on or before the effective time of the merger; provided that in no event shall the
aggregate cost of any such tail insurance exceed the maximum amount; provided, further, that DST’s
procurement of such fully prepaid “tail” policy shall be deemed to satisfy in full the surviving corporation’s
obligations.

Transaction Litigation

Subject to entry into a customary joint defense agreement, DST will give prompt notice to SS&C of
litigation relating to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, keep SS&C
reasonably informed and give SS&C the opportunity to consult with DST and participate in the

83



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 93/196

• preparation by DST of this proxy statement;

• confidentiality and access by SS&C of certain information about DST;

• consultation between SS&C and DST in connection with public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

• causing any dispositions of DST equity securities or acquisitions of SS&C equity securities pursuant to,
or resulting from, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement by each individual who is
subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to DST (or will
become subject to the reporting requirements with respect to SS&C) to be exempt under Rule 16b-3
promulgated under the Exchange Act; and

• DST cooperating with SS&C and using its reasonable best efforts to cause DST’s common stock to be
delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable
following the effective time of the merger, and in any event no more than 10 days after the closing date.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

defense or settlement of any stockholder litigation against DST or any of its subsidiaries and/or any of their
respective directors or officers. DST will not compromise, settle, offer to compromise or settle or come to an
arrangement regarding any such stockholder litigation without SS&C’s prior written consent (such consent not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Financing

In connection with the execution of the merger agreement, SS&C has delivered to DST a copy of the
executed debt commitment letter, dated as of January 11, 2018, and as amended and restated as of January 23,
2018, providing for debt financing as described by such debt commitment letter, pursuant to which, upon the
terms and subject to the conditions set forth therein, the financing sources party thereto have agreed to lend the
amounts set forth therein, in an aggregate principal amount of senior secured loans equal to $7.123 billion. In
addition, SS&C intends to finance the acquisition with $1.250 billion in aggregate gross proceeds from the
issuance of senior unsecured senior notes in a public offering or private placement and/or the issuance of shares
of SS&C’s common stock in a public offering, and to the extent that the aggregate gross proceeds from the
issuance of such notes and/or equity securities is less than $1.250 billion, a senior unsecured bridge loan facility
up to an aggregate principal amount of  $1.250 billion is available to SS&C pursuant to the terms of the debt
commitment letter. SS&C will use reasonable best efforts, to take, or cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or
cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to arrange and to obtain the proceeds of the debt
financing on the terms and conditions described in the commitment documents. DST must use its reasonable best
efforts to cooperate with SS&C, as reasonably requested by SS&C and at SS&C’s sole expense, in its efforts to
consummate the financing of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Client Consents

DST has agreed to use reasonable best efforts to obtain as promptly as practicable following the date of the
merger agreement, the approval by the governing board and stockholders of each DST-advised registered fund of
a new investment advisory agreement to take effect immediately following the closing of the merger, including
by preparing and filing proxy materials with the SEC, and containing material terms that are, taken as a whole,
substantially similar to (and fee terms that are no less favorable to DST or its subsidiaries than) the terms of the
applicable existing investment advisory agreement. The receipt of such approvals is not a condition to closing of
the merger and any failure to obtain such approvals will not give rise to any failure of the conditions set forth
under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — 
Conditions to the Closing of the Merger” beginning on page 85.

Other Covenants and Agreements

The merger agreement contains certain other covenants and agreements, including covenants relating to,
among other things:

84



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 94/196

• receipt of DST stockholder approval of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby;

• no applicable law and no judgment, preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal restraint or
prohibition and no action, proceeding, binding order or determination by any governmental entity shall
be in effect or pending that prevents or seeks to prevent, enjoins, makes illegal or prohibits the
consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;

• the waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the merger under the HSR Act has been
terminated or has expired and any required filings, consents, approvals, authorizations, clearances or
other actions under the antitrust laws applicable to the merger in Ireland shall have been made, obtained
or taken, and any applicable waiting periods thereunder shall have expired or been terminated;

• all of the required financial regulatory approvals (described under the section entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Regulatory Approvals” beginning on page 65)
shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect; and

• FINRA shall have approved each application filed by a Broker-Dealer pursuant to the terms of the
merger agreement (described under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — The Merger — Regulatory Approvals” beginning on page 65).

• the representations and warranties of DST relating to the organization and good standing of DST, the
authority to conduct DST’s business, authority to enter into the merger agreement, inapplicability of
anti-takeover statutes, broker’s fees and the opinion of DST’s financial advisor are true and correct in
all material respects at and as of the closing date as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent
that any such representation and warranty was made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such
earlier date);

• the representations and warranties of DST relating to capitalization matters, the stockholder vote
required for adoption of the merger agreement and the absence of a Company material adverse effect
are true and correct in all respects (except for de minimis inaccuracies) at and as of the closing date as
though made on and as of such date and time;

• each of the representations and warranties of DST, other than those specifically identified in the two
immediately preceding bullets, is true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
“materiality” or “Company material adverse effect” set forth therein) at and as of the closing date as if
made at and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty was made
as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
“materiality” or “Company material adverse effect” set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate,
has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company material adverse effect;

• DST has performed in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by it under the
merger agreement at or prior to the closing date; and

• SS&C has received a certificate of an executive officer of DST, certifying to the effect that the
conditions set forth in the four preceding bullet points have been satisfied.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Conditions to the Closing of the Merger

The respective obligations of SS&C, Merger Sub and DST to effect the merger are subject to the satisfaction
or waiver on or prior to the closing of the following conditions:

The obligations of SS&C and Merger Sub to consummate the merger will be further subject to the
satisfaction or waiver at or prior to the closing date of the following conditions:

The obligation of DST to consummate the merger will be further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or
prior to the closing date of the following conditions:

85



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 95/196

• the representations and warranties of SS&C and Merger Sub relating to certain organizational matters,
authority and broker’s fees are true and correct in all material respects at and as of closing date as if
made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation and warranty was made
as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date);

• the representations and warranties of SS&C and Merger Sub set forth in the merger agreement (other
than those identified in the preceding bullet) are true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation
as to “materiality” or “SS&C material adverse effect” set forth therein), in each case at and as of the
closing date as if made on and as of such date (except to the extent that any such representation and
warranty was made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except where the failure
of such representations and warranties to be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as
to “materiality” or “SS&C material adverse effect” set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate,
has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have an SS&C material adverse effect;

• each of SS&C and Merger Sub has performed in all material respects all obligations required to be
performed by them under the merger agreement at or prior to the closing date; and

• DST has received a certificate of an executive officer of SS&C, certifying to the effect that the
conditions set forth in the three preceding bullet points have been satisfied.

• by the mutual written consent of SS&C and DST;

• by either SS&C or DST:

• if there is any applicable law, judgment, preliminary, temporary or permanent, or other legal
restraint or prohibition or action, proceeding, binding order or determination by any governmental
entity, in effect or pending, that prevents or seeks to prevent, enjoins, makes illegal or prohibits the
consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and
the legal restraint giving rise to such non-satisfaction shall have become final and non-appealable;
except that the party seeking to terminate the merger agreement pursuant to the provision
described in this bullet must have complied with its obligations to use reasonable best efforts to
obtain antitrust and other regulatory approvals as described in “Proposal 1: Adoption of the
Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Additional Agreements — Efforts to
Complete the Merger,” which we refer to as the Legal Restraint Termination Right;

• if the merger is not consummated on or before July 11, 2018, which we refer to as the end date;
except, that if the closing shall not have occurred by the end date but on that date any of the
conditions relating to the absence of legal restraints imposed by governmental entities and the
receipt of certain regulatory approvals are not satisfied but all other conditions shall have been
satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
closing, which conditions would be capable of being satisfied at such time), then either party may
elect by delivery of written notice to the other party on July 11, 2018 at or prior to 11:59 p.m.
Eastern time on such date to extend the end date to November 11, 2018, in which case such
extended date shall be the “end date” for all purposes under the merger agreement; provided, that
the right to terminate the merger agreement shall not be available to a party if its action or failure
to act constitutes a material breach or violation of any of its covenants, agreements or other
obligations under the merger agreement and such material breach or violation has been the
principal cause of or directly resulted in (1) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the obligations
of the terminating party to consummate the merger prior to the end date or (2) the failure of the
closing to occur by the end date, which we refer to as the End Date Termination Right; or

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Termination of the Merger Agreement

Termination

The merger agreement may be terminated and the merger may be abandoned at any time prior to the
effective time of the merger:

86



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 96/196

• if DST’s stockholders do not adopt the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby at the stockholders meeting or at any adjournment or postponement of the stockholders
meeting at which a vote on the adoption of the merger agreement was taken, which we refer to as
the Stockholder Vote Termination Right.

• by DST:

• if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by SS&C or
Merger Sub, or if any such representation or warranty has become untrue, such that the closing
conditions relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of SS&C and Merger Sub
and performance of the obligations of SS&C and Merger Sub would not be satisfied, and such
breach or inaccuracy has not been cured within thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice thereof
or such breach or inaccuracy is not reasonably capable of being cured within such period,
provided that this termination right shall not be available to DST if DST is then in breach of the
merger agreement in any material respect; or

• prior to obtaining the DST stockholder approval, (i) in order to enter into a definitive agreement in
connection with a superior proposal in accordance with its non-solicitation obligations and (ii)
DST pays to SS&C the termination fee under the merger agreement of $165 million; which we
refer to as the DST Alternative Acquisition Termination Right;

• by SS&C:

• if there has been a breach of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement by DST, or if
any such representation or warranty has become inaccurate, such that the closing conditions
relating to the accuracy of the representations and warranties of DST and performance of the
obligations of DST would not be satisfied, and such breach or inaccuracy has not been cured
within thirty (30) days after the receipt of notice thereof or such breach or inaccuracy is not
reasonably capable of being cured within such period, provided that this termination right shall not
be available to SS&C if SS&C is then in breach of the merger agreement in any material respect;
or

• if prior to obtaining stockholder approval of the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, the Board of Directors makes an adverse recommendation change, which
we refer to as the SS&C Change of Recommendation Termination Right.

• no termination will affect the obligations of the parties contained in the confidentiality agreement;

• no termination will relieve any party from liability for damages if such termination resulted from fraud
or intentional breach (as described below) or an intentional breach caused the closing not to occur, in
which case the aggrieved party will be entitled to any and all damages, costs, expenses, liabilities or
losses of any kind incurred or suffered by the other party, including, in the case of DST, the benefit of
the bargain lost by the stockholders of DST (including “lost premium”); and

• certain other provisions of the merger agreement, including provisions with respect to the allocation of
fees and expenses, including, if applicable, the termination fees described below, will survive such
termination.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Effect of Termination

If the merger agreement is terminated as described above under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of
the Merger Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Termination of the Merger Agreement — 
Termination” section beginning on page 86, the merger agreement will be void and have no effect, and there will
not be any liability or obligation on the part of any party, except that:

For the purpose of the merger agreement, the term intentional breach means a breach that is a consequence
of an act or omission undertaken by the breaching party with the knowledge that the taking of, or failure to take,
such act would, or would reasonably be expected to, cause or constitute a material breach of the merger
agreement. In addition, any failure by any party to consummate the merger and the

87



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 97/196

• in the event the merger agreement is terminated by DST pursuant to the DST Alternative Acquisition
Termination Right;

• in the event the merger agreement is terminated by SS&C pursuant to the SS&C Change of
Recommendation Termination Right;

• in the event the merger agreement is terminated by DST or SS&C pursuant to the Stockholder Vote
Termination Right or End Date Termination Right, and in either such case:

• prior to such termination, an alternative proposal has been made by a third party to DST or
publicly announced or has been made directly to DST’s stockholders and within nine (9) months
after such termination, (i) DST or any of its subsidiaries enter into a definitive agreement to
consummate such alternative proposal, (ii) DST recommends an alternative proposal or (iii) an
alternative proposal is consummated, provided that for the purposes of this bullet, references to
twenty percent (20%) in the definition of alternative proposal are deemed to be references to
fifty percent (50%).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement after the applicable conditions thereto have been
satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the closing, which
conditions would be capable of being satisfied at such time), shall constitute an intentional breach of the merger
agreement.

Termination Fees

Under the merger agreement, DST will be required to pay a termination fee of  $165 million in connection
with a termination of the merger agreement under the following circumstances:

In no event will DST be required to pay the termination fees described above on more than one occasion.

Expense Reimbursement

If DST fails promptly to pay any amount due to SS&C in connection with a termination described above, it
shall also pay any costs and expenses incurred by SS&C or Merger Sub in connection with a legal action to
enforce the merger agreement that results in a judgment against DST for such amount, together with interest on
the amount of any unpaid fee, cost or expense at the publicly announced prime rate of Citibank, N.A. from the
date of such fee, cost or expense was required to be paid to (but excluding) the payment date.

Expenses

Except for the provisions described above under the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger
Agreement — Terms of the Merger Agreement — Expense Reimbursement” and as specifically provided in the
merger agreement, each party will bear its own expenses in connection with the merger agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby.

Amendment and Waiver

Amendment

The parties may amend the merger agreement at any time by a written agreement signed on behalf of each of
the parties to the merger agreement; provided, however, that after the DST stockholder approval has been
obtained there will be no amendment of the merger agreement that by law would require further approval of the
stockholders of DST and except as provided, no amendment of the merger agreement shall be submitted to be
approved by DST’s stockholders unless required by law.

Waiver

At any time prior to the effective time of the merger, the parties to the merger agreement may:

88



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 98/196

• extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties to the
merger agreement;

• waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties contained in the merger agreement or in
any document delivered pursuant to the merger agreement;

• waive compliance with any of the covenants and agreements contained in the merger agreement; or

• waive the satisfaction of any of the conditions contained in the merger agreement.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Governing Law

The merger agreement is governed by the laws of the state of Delaware (without giving effect to choice of
law principles thereof).

Specific Performance

The parties are entitled to injunctions to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of the merger agreement
and to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of the merger agreement in addition to
any other remedy to which they are entitled at law or equity.

89



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 99/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL 2: ADVISORY VOTE ON MERGER-RELATED EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
ARRANGEMENTS

The Merger-Related Compensation Proposal

Section 14A of the Exchange Act, which was enacted as part of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and
Consumer Protection Act of 2010, requires that we provide our stockholders with the opportunity to vote to
approve, on an advisory non-binding basis, the payment of certain compensation that will or may become payable
by DST to its named executive officers in connection with the merger, as disclosed in the section of this proxy
statement entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests of the Directors
and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger — Payments to Executives upon Termination Following Change-in-
Control” beginning on page 58.

We are asking our stockholders to indicate their approval of the compensation that will or may become
payable by DST to its named executive officers in connection with the merger. These payments are set forth in
the section entitled “Proposal 1: Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests of the Directors
and Executive Officers of DST in the Merger — Golden Parachutes Compensation” beginning on page 61 and the
accompanying footnotes. In general, the various plans and arrangements pursuant to which these compensation
payments may be made formed part of DST’s overall compensation program for its named executive officers, and
have previously been disclosed to our stockholders as part of the Compensation Discussion and Analysis and
related sections of our annual proxy statements. The Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors, which
is composed solely of non-management directors, believes such compensatory arrangements to be reasonable and
in line with marketplace norms.

The Board of Directors encourages you to review carefully the named executive officer merger-related
compensation information disclosed in this proxy statement. The Board of Directors unanimously among those
directors that were present recommends that you vote “FOR” the following resolution:

“RESOLVED, that the stockholders of DST Systems, Inc. approve, on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the
compensation that will or may become payable to DST’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise
relates to the merger as disclosed pursuant to Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K in the section entitled “Proposal 1:
Adoption of the Merger Agreement — The Merger — Interests of the Directors and Executive Officers of DST in
the Merger — Golden Parachutes Compensation” in DST’s proxy statement for the special meeting.”

Stockholders should note that this proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger, and as an
advisory vote, the result will not be binding on DST, the Board of Directors or SS&C. Further, the underlying
plans and arrangements are contractual in nature and not, by their terms, subject to stockholder approval.
Accordingly, regardless of the outcome of the advisory vote, if the merger is consummated our named executive
officers will be entitled to receive the compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger in
accordance with the terms and conditions applicable to those payments.

Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation

Approval of the merger-related compensation proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the
votes cast at the special meeting.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the merger-related compensation
proposal.

90



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 100/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

PROPOSAL 3: ADJOURNMENT OF THE SPECIAL MEETING

The Adjournment Proposal

We are asking you to approve a proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting to a
later date or dates, if necessary or appropriate, to solicit additional proxies if there are insufficient votes to adopt
the merger agreement at the time of the special meeting. If our stockholders approve the adjournment proposal,
we could adjourn the special meeting and any adjourned session of the special meeting and use the additional
time to solicit additional proxies, including the solicitation of proxies from stockholders that have previously
returned properly executed proxies voting against adoption of the merger agreement. Among other things,
approval of the adjournment proposal could mean that, even if we had received proxies representing a sufficient
number of votes against adoption of the merger agreement such that the proposal to adopt the merger agreement
would be defeated, we could adjourn the special meeting without a vote on the adoption of the merger agreement
and seek to convince the holders of those shares to change their votes to votes in favor of adoption of the merger
agreement. Additionally, we may seek to adjourn the special meeting if a quorum is not present at the special
meeting.

DST does not intend to call a vote on this proposal if Proposal 1 is approved by the requisite number of
shares of DST common stock at the special meeting.

Vote Required and Board of Directors Recommendation

Approval of the proposal to approve one or more adjournments of the special meeting requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the votes cast at the special meeting, even if a quorum is not present at the
special meeting.

The Board of Directors believes that it is in the best interests of DST and its stockholders to be able to
adjourn the special meeting, if necessary or appropriate, for the purpose of soliciting additional proxies in respect
of the merger agreement proposal if there are insufficient votes to adopt the merger agreement at the time of the
special meeting.

The Board of Directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the adjournment proposal.

91



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 101/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MARKET PRICES AND DIVIDEND DATA

DST’s common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “DST.” As of the close of business on the
record date, there were 59,319,166 shares of our common stock outstanding, held by approximately 7,798
stockholders of record.

The following table sets forth, for the indicated periods, quarterly high and low prices of, and quarterly cash
dividends paid on shares of, DST’s common stock for the periods shown as reported by the NYSE:

Dividend High Low

FY 2018 – Quarter Ended
March 31 (through February 22, 2018) $ — $84.00 $61.96
FY 2017 – Quarter Ended
December 31 $0.18 $62.63 $54.50
September 30 $0.18 $61.67 $50.27
June 30 $0.18 $61.81 $58.14
March 31 $0.18 $60.48 $53.36
FY 2016 – Quarter Ended
December 31 $0.16 $57.28 $46.30
September 30 $0.17 $61.03 $56.47
June 30 $0.17 $58.91 $51.80
March 31 $0.16 $54.40 $47.50

The closing price of DST’s common stock on the NYSE on January 9, 2018, the last trading day prior to
market rumors of a potential transaction, was $65.15 per share. On February 22, 2018, the latest practicable
trading day before the printing of this proxy statement, the closing price of our common stock on the NYSE was
$83.04 per share. You are encouraged to obtain current market quotations for our common stock. No assurance
can be given concerning the market price for DST common stock before the date on which the merger will be
completed. The market price for DST common stock will fluctuate between the date of this proxy statement and
the date on which the merger is completed.

Under the terms of the merger agreement, from the date of the merger agreement until the earlier of the
effective time of the merger or the termination of the merger, DST may not declare, set aside or pay any
dividends without the prior written consent of SS&C.

Following the merger, there will be no further market for shares of DST common stock and we anticipate
that our stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Exchange Act. As a result, following
the merger and such deregistration, we would no longer file periodic reports with the SEC.

92



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 102/196

* Less than 1% of the aggregate as of February 21, 2018 of DST stock and the Beneficially Owned Equity
Awards described in note (4).

(1) The percentage for each person or group is based on the numbers of shares outstanding as of February 21,
2018 and includes shares for which beneficial ownership is disclaimed, as described in the notes to this
table. Except as otherwise stated in these notes, the holders have sole power to vote or direct the vote and
dispose or direct the disposition of the shares.

(2) A Schedule 13G/A was filed on January 29, 2018 by BlackRock, Inc. 55 East 52nd Street, New York, NY
10022. BlackRock is a parent holding company with the following subsidiaries that are also beneficial
owners: BlackRock Life Limited; BlackRock Advisors, LLC; BlackRock (Netherlands) B.V.; BlackRock
Institutional Trust Company, National Association; BlackRock Asset Management Ireland Limited;
BlackRock Financial Management, Inc.; BlackRock Asset Management Schweiz AG; BlackRock
Investment Management, LLC; FutureAdvisor, Inc.; BlackRock Investment Management

TABLE OF CONTENTS

SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT

The following table sets forth, as of February 21, 2018 (except as otherwise noted), certain information
concerning the beneficial ownership of  (i) each of our directors, (ii) each of our “Named Executive Officers” (as
such term is defined in Item 402(a)(3) of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act), (iii) each holder known to us
to beneficially own more than 5% of our common stock and (iv) all directors and executive officers as a group
(based on 59,319,166 shares of DST common stock outstanding as of February 21, 2018).

Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table is c/o DST, 333 W.
11th, 5th Floor, Kansas City, MO 64105. We have determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules
of the SEC, which provide that beneficial ownership includes any shares over which the individual has sole or
shared voting power or investment power and also any shares which the individual has the right to acquire within
60 days after January 31, 2018. Except as indicated in the footnotes below, we believe, based on the information
furnished to us, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of DST common stock that they beneficially own.

Beneficial Owners

Number of 
Common Stock 

Beneficially Owned Percentage of Class

Named Executive Officers and Directors
Joseph C. Antonellis 7,055 *
Jerome H. Bailey 6,992 *
Lynn Dorsey Bleil 15,988 *
Lowell L. Bryan 49,154 *
Gary D. Forsee 12,606 *
Charles E. Haldeman, Jr. 33,191 *
Stephen C. Hooley 286,904 *
Samuel G. Liss 18,492 *
Jonathan J. Boehm 89,730 *
Gregg Wm. Givens 63,059 *
Vercie L. Lark 101,607 *
Randall D. Young 49,323 *
All directors and executive officers as a group (16 persons) 793,907 1.33
Greater than 5% Stockholders:
BlackRock Fund Advisors 5,107,149 8.61
The Vanguard Group 5,242,165 8.84

93

(1) (1)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

(4)

%

(2) %
(3) %



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 103/196

(3) A Schedule 13G/A was filed on February 9, 2018 by The Vanguard Group (“Vanguard”), 100 Vanguard
Blvd., Malvern, PA 19355. Vanguard is a parent holding company with the following subsidiaries that are
also beneficial owners: Vanguard Fiduciary Trust Company and Vanguard Investments Australia, Ltd. The
Schedule 13G/A reports that Vanguard has (i) sole voting power with respect to 32,230 shares of common
stock; (ii) shared voting power with respect to 7,568 shares of common stock, (iii) sole dispositive power
with respect to 5,206,165 shares of common stock, and (iv) shared dispositive power with respect to 36,000
shares of common stock.

(4) The total number of shares shown consists of the following:

(a) The indirectly held shares are held in individual retirement accounts, trusts, through spouses, or
otherwise. Mr. Young’s shares are held in a trust that holds the voting and dispositive power.

(b) Includes exercisable options and deferred shares earned by directors under the 2015 Directors' Deferred
Fee Plan and the 2005 Directors’ Deferred Fee Plan, which we refer to, collectively, as “Beneficially
Owned Equity Awards.” For Messrs. Boehm, Givens and Young includes time-based restricted
stock units that a retirement-eligible person would acquire if he terminated employment.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(UK) Limited; BlackRock Asset Management Canada Limited; BlackRock Asset Management (Australia)
Limited; BlackRock Advisors (UK) Limited; BlackRock Fund Advisors; BlackRock Asset Management
North Asia Limited; and BlackRock Fund Managers Ltd. This Schedule 13G/A reports that Blackrock has
sole voting power with respect to 4,828,400 shares and sole dispositive power with respect to 5,107,149
shares.

Directly Held 
Shares 

(#)

Miscellaneous Indirect 
Holdings  

(#)

Other Beneficially Owned 
Equity Awards  

(#)

Joseph C. Antonellis 3,340 — 3,715
Jerome H. Bailey 6,992 — —
Lynn Dorsey Bleil 8,316 — 7,672
Lowell L. Bryan 49,154 — —
Gary D. Forsee — — 12,606
Charles E. Haldeman, Jr. 21,376 — 11,815
Stephen C. Hooley 129,624 — 157,280
Samuel G. Liss 18,492 — —
Jonathan J. Boehm 75,556 — 21,653
Gregg Wm. Givens 54,961 — 13,993
Vercie L. Lark 56,207 — 45,400
Randall D. Young 8,129 41,194 4,106
Current Executive Officers and

Directors as a Group (16 Persons) 491,953 41,194 282,662

94

(a) (b)



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 104/196

• the stockholder must not vote in favor of the merger proposal;

TABLE OF CONTENTS

APPRAISAL RIGHTS

If the merger is completed, stockholders who do not vote in favor of the adoption of the merger proposal and
who properly demand appraisal of their shares and who do not withdraw such demand or lose their right to
appraisal will be entitled to appraisal rights in connection with the merger under Section 262 of the DGCL, which
we refer to as Section 262.

The following discussion is not a complete statement of the law pertaining to appraisal rights under the
DGCL and is qualified in its entirety by the full text of Section 262, which is attached to this proxy statement as
Annex C and incorporated herein by reference. The following summary does not constitute any legal or other
advice and does not constitute a recommendation that stockholders exercise their appraisal rights under
Section 262. Only a holder of record of shares of DST common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for
the shares registered in that holder’s name. A person having a beneficial interest in shares of DST common stock
held of record in the name of another person, such as a bank, broker or other nominee, must act promptly to cause
the record holder to follow the steps summarized below properly and in a timely manner to perfect appraisal
rights. If you hold your shares of DST common stock through a bank, broker or other nominee and you wish to
exercise appraisal rights, you should consult with your bank, broker or the other nominee.

Under Section 262, holders of shares of DST common stock who (1) do not vote in favor of the merger
proposal; (2) continuously are the record holders of such shares through the effective time of the merger; and
(3) otherwise follow the procedures set forth in Section 262 will be entitled to have their shares appraised by the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and to receive in lieu of the merger consideration payment in cash of
the amount determined by the Court of Chancery to be the “fair value” of the shares of DST common stock,
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with
interest to be paid on the amount determined to be fair value as determined by the court (subject, in the case of
interest payments, to any voluntary cash payments made by the surviving corporation pursuant to subsection
(h) of Section 262 of the DGCL). Unless the Court of Chancery, in its discretion, determines otherwise for good
cause shown, interest on an appraisal award will accrue and compound quarterly from the effective time of the
merger through the date the judgment is paid at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any
surcharge) as established from time to time during such period. Stockholders considering seeking appraisal
should be aware that the fair value of their shares as determined pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL could be
more than, the same as or less than the $84.00 per share consideration payable pursuant to the merger agreement.

Under Section 262, where a merger agreement is to be submitted for adoption at a meeting of stockholders,
the corporation, not less than twenty days prior to the meeting, must notify each of its stockholders entitled to
appraisal rights that appraisal rights are available and include in the notice a copy of Section 262. This proxy
statement constitutes DST’s notice to stockholders that appraisal rights are available in connection with the
merger, and the full text of Section 262 is attached to this proxy statement as Annex C. In connection with the
merger, any holder of shares of DST’s common stock who wishes to exercise appraisal rights or who wishes to
preserve such holder’s right to do so should review Annex C carefully. Failure to strictly comply with the
requirements of Section 262 in a timely and proper manner will result in the loss of appraisal rights under the
DGCL. In addition, the Delaware Court of Chancery will dismiss appraisal proceedings as to all DST
stockholders who assert appraisal rights unless (x) the total number of shares of DST common stock for which
appraisal rights have been pursued and perfected exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of DST common stock
measured in accordance with subsection (g) of Section 262 of the DGCL or (y) the value of the merger
consideration in respect of the shares of DST common stock for which appraisal rights have been pursued and
perfected exceeds $1 million. Because of the complexity of the procedures for exercising the right to seek
appraisal of shares of DST common stock, DST believes that if a stockholder is considering exercising appraisal
rights, that stockholder should seek the advice of legal counsel. A stockholder who loses his, her, or its appraisal
rights will be entitled to receive the per share merger consideration described in the merger agreement.

Stockholders wishing to exercise the right to seek an appraisal of their shares of DST common stock must
fully comply with Section 262, which means doing, among other things, ALL of the following:

95



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 105/196

• the stockholder must deliver to DST a written demand for appraisal before the vote on the merger
proposal at the special meeting;

• the stockholder must continuously hold the shares from the date of making the demand through the
effective time of the merger (a stockholder will lose appraisal rights if the stockholder transfers the
shares before the effective time of the merger); and

• the stockholder or the surviving corporation must file a petition in the Court of Chancery of the State of
Delaware requesting a determination of the fair value of the shares within 120 days after the effective
time of the merger. The surviving corporation is under no obligation to file any petition and has no
intention of doing so.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Filing Written Demand

Any holder of shares of DST common stock wishing to exercise appraisal rights must deliver to DST, before
the vote on the merger proposal at the special meeting, a written demand for the appraisal of the stockholder’s
shares, and that stockholder must not vote in favor of the merger proposal either in person or by proxy. A holder
of shares of DST common stock exercising appraisal rights must hold of record the shares on the date the written
demand for appraisal is made and must continue to hold the shares of record through the effective time of the
merger. A proxy that is submitted and does not contain voting instructions will, unless revoked, be voted in favor
of the merger proposal, and it will cause a stockholder to lose the stockholder’s right to appraisal and will nullify
any previously delivered written demand for appraisal. Therefore, a stockholder who submits a proxy and who
wishes to exercise appraisal rights must submit a proxy containing instructions to vote against the merger
proposal or abstain from voting on the merger proposal. However, neither voting against the merger proposal nor
abstaining from voting or failing to vote on the merger proposal will, in and of itself, constitute a written demand
for appraisal satisfying the requirements of Section 262. The written demand for appraisal must be in addition to
and separate from any proxy or vote on the merger proposal. A proxy or vote against the merger proposal will not
constitute a demand. A stockholder’s failure to make the written demand prior to the taking of the vote on the
merger proposal at the special meeting will cause the stockholder to lose its appraisal rights in connection with
the merger.

Only a holder of record of shares of DST common stock is entitled to demand appraisal rights for the shares
registered in that holder’s name. A demand for appraisal in respect of shares of DST common stock should be
executed by or on behalf of the holder of record and must reasonably inform DST of the identity of the holder
and state that the person intends thereby to demand appraisal of the holder’s shares in connection with the merger.
If the shares are owned of record in a fiduciary capacity, such as by a trustee, guardian or custodian, such demand
must be executed by or on behalf of the record owner, and if the shares are owned of record by more than one
person, such as in a joint tenancy or a tenancy in common, the demand should be executed by or on behalf of all
joint owners. An authorized agent, including an authorized agent for two or more joint owners, may execute a
demand for appraisal on behalf of a holder of record; however, the agent must identify the record owner or
owners and expressly disclose that, in executing the demand, the agent is acting as agent for the record owner or
owners.

STOCKHOLDERS WHO HOLD THEIR SHARES IN BROKERAGE OR BANK ACCOUNTS OR
OTHER NOMINEE FORMS, AND WHO WISH TO EXERCISE APPRAISAL RIGHTS, SHOULD CONSULT
WITH THEIR BROKERS, BANKS AND OTHER NOMINEES, AS APPLICABLE, TO DETERMINE THE
APPROPRIATE PROCEDURES FOR THE BROKER, BANK OR OTHER NOMINEE HOLDER TO MAKE A
DEMAND FOR APPRAISAL OF THOSE SHARES. A PERSON HAVING A BENEFICIAL INTEREST IN
SHARES HELD OF RECORD IN THE NAME OF ANOTHER PERSON, SUCH AS A BROKER, BANK OR
OTHER NOMINEE, MUST ACT PROMPTLY TO CAUSE THE RECORD HOLDER TO FOLLOW
PROPERLY AND IN A TIMELY MANNER THE STEPS NECESSARY TO PERFECT APPRAISAL RIGHTS.

96



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 106/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

All written demands for appraisal pursuant to Section 262 should be mailed or delivered to:

DST Systems, Inc. 
Attn: Secretary 
333 W. 11th, 5th Floor 
Kansas City, MO 64105 
(816) 435-4925

Any holder of shares of DST common stock may withdraw his, her or its demand for appraisal and accept
the merger consideration by delivering to DST a written withdrawal of the demand for appraisal within 60 days
after the effective date of the merger. However, any such attempt to withdraw the demand made more than
60 days after the effective time of the merger will require written approval of the surviving corporation. No
appraisal proceeding in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will be dismissed without the approval of
such court and such approval may be conditioned upon such terms as the court deems just.

Notice by the surviving corporation

If the merger is completed, within ten days after the effective time of the merger, the surviving corporation
will notify each holder of shares of DST common stock who has made a written demand for appraisal pursuant to
Section 262 and who has not voted in favor of the merger proposal of the date that the merger has become
effective.

Filing a Petition for Appraisal

Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, but not thereafter, the surviving corporation or any
holder of shares of DST common stock who has complied with Section 262 and is entitled to appraisal rights
under Section 262 may commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware, with a copy served on the surviving corporation in the case of a petition filed by a stockholder,
demanding a determination of the fair value of the shares held by all stockholders entitled to appraisal. A
beneficial owner of shares held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person may, in such
person’s own name file a petition for appraisal. If a petition for appraisal is not timely filed, then the right to an
appraisal will cease. The surviving corporation is under no obligation, and has no present intention, to file such a
petition, and holders should not assume that the surviving corporation will file a petition or initiate any
negotiations with respect to the fair values of shares of DST common stock. Accordingly, any holders of shares of
DST common stock who desire to have their shares appraised by the Court of Chancery should assume that they
will be responsible for filing a petition for appraisal with the Court of Chancery in the manner prescribed in
Section 262. The failure of a holder of DST common stock to file such a petition for appraisal within the period
specified in Section 262 will nullify the stockholder’s previous written demand for appraisal.

Within 120 days after the effective time of the merger, any holder of shares of DST common stock who has
complied with the requirements for the exercise of appraisal rights, or a beneficial owner of shares held either in a
voting trust or by a nominee on behalf of such person, will be entitled, upon written request, to receive from the
surviving corporation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor of the merger
proposal and with respect to which DST received demands for appraisal, and the aggregate number of holders of
such shares. The surviving corporation must mail this statement to the requesting stockholder within ten days
after receipt of the written request for such a statement or within ten days after the expiration of the period for
delivery of demands for appraisal, whichever is later.

If a petition for an appraisal is duly filed by a holder of shares of DST common stock and a copy thereof is
served upon the surviving corporation, the surviving corporation will then be obligated within twenty days after
such service to file with the Delaware Register in Chancery a duly verified list containing the names and
addresses of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the
value of their shares have not been reached. After notice to the stockholders as required by the court, the Court of
Chancery of the State of Delaware is empowered to conduct a hearing on the petition to determine those
stockholders who have complied with Section 262 and who have become entitled to appraisal rights thereunder.
The Court of Chancery may require the stockholders who

97



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 107/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

demanded appraisal of their shares to submit their stock certificates to the Register in Chancery for notation
thereon of the pendency of the appraisal proceedings, and if any stockholder fails to comply with the direction,
the Court of Chancery may dismiss that stockholder from the proceedings.

Determination of Fair Value

After determining the holders of DST common stock entitled to appraisal, the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware will appraise the “fair value” of the shares of DST common stock, exclusive of any element of value
arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the
amount determined to be the fair value. In determining fair value, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware
will take into account all relevant factors. In Weinberger v. UOP, Inc., the Supreme Court of Delaware discussed
the factors that could be considered in determining fair value in an appraisal proceeding, stating that “proof of
value by any techniques or methods which are generally considered acceptable in the financial community and
otherwise admissible in court” should be considered, and that “[f]air price obviously requires consideration of all
relevant factors involving the value of a company.” Section 262 provides that fair value is to be “exclusive of any
element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger.” In Cede & Co. v. Technicolor,
Inc., the Supreme Court of Delaware stated that such exclusion is a “narrow exclusion [that] does not encompass
known elements of value,” but which rather applies only to the speculative elements of value arising from such
accomplishment or expectation. In Weinberger, the Supreme Court of Delaware also stated that “elements of
future value, including the nature of the enterprise, which are known or susceptible of proof as of the date of the
merger and not the product of speculation, may be considered.”

Stockholders considering seeking appraisal should be aware that the fair value of their shares as so
determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware could be more than, the same as or less than the
consideration they would receive pursuant to the merger if they did not seek appraisal of their shares and that an
opinion of an investment banking firm as to the fairness from a financial point of view of the consideration
payable in a merger is not an opinion as to, and does not in any manner address, fair value under Section 262 of
the DGCL. Although DST believes that the merger consideration is fair, no representation is made as to the
outcome of the appraisal of fair value as determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, and
stockholders should recognize that such an appraisal could result in a determination of a value higher or lower
than, or the same as, the merger consideration. Neither DST nor SS&C anticipates offering more than the per
share merger consideration to any stockholder of DST exercising appraisal rights. Each of DST and SS&C
reserves the right to assert, in any appraisal proceeding, that for purposes of Section 262, the “fair value” of a
share of DST common stock is less than the $84.00 per share consideration.

Unless the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware in its discretion determines otherwise for good cause
shown, interest from the effective time through the date of payment of the judgment will be compounded
quarterly and will accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as established
from time to time during the period between the effective time of the merger and the date of payment of the
judgment. The costs of the appraisal proceedings (which do not include attorneys’ fees or the fees and expenses
of experts) may be determined by the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and taxed upon the parties as
the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware deems equitable under the circumstances. Upon application of a
stockholder, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also order that all or a portion of the expenses
incurred by a stockholder in connection with an appraisal, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’
fees and the fees and expenses of experts, be charged pro rata against the value of all the shares entitled to be
appraised.

If any stockholder who demands appraisal of his, her or its shares of DST’ common stock under Section 262
fails to perfect, or loses or successfully withdraws, such holder’s right to appraisal, the stockholder’s shares of
DST common stock will be deemed to have been converted at the effective time of the merger into the right to
receive the merger consideration, less applicable withholding taxes. From and after the effective time of the
merger, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will be entitled to vote such shares of DST common
stock for any purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock, except dividends or
other distributions on the holder’s shares of DST common stock, if any, payable to stockholders as of a time prior
to the effective time of the merger. A stockholder

98



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 108/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

will fail to perfect, or effectively lose or withdraw, the holder’s right to appraisal if no petition for appraisal is
filed within 120 days after the effective time of the merger or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving
corporation a written withdrawal of the holder’s demand for appraisal and an acceptance of the per share merger
consideration in accordance with Section 262.

From and after the effective time of the merger, no stockholder who has demanded appraisal rights will be
entitled to vote DST common stock for any purpose, or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on
the stock, except dividends or other distributions on the holder’s shares of DST common stock, if any, payable to
stockholders of DST of record as of a time prior to the effective time of the merger; provided, however, that if no
petition for an appraisal is filed, or if the stockholder delivers to the surviving corporation a written withdrawal of
the demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger, either within sixty (60) days after the effective time
of the merger or thereafter with the written approval of the corporation, then the right of such stockholder to an
appraisal will cease. Once a petition for appraisal is filed with the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware,
however, the appraisal proceeding may not be dismissed as to any stockholder of DST without the approval of the
court.

Failure to comply strictly with all of the procedures set forth in Section 262 may result in the loss of a
stockholder’s statutory appraisal rights. Consequently, any stockholder of DST wishing to exercise appraisal
rights is encouraged to consult legal counsel before attempting to exercise those rights.

99



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 109/196

• Proposals submitted pursuant to Rule 14a-8 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
for inclusion in our proxy materials for the 2018 Annual Meeting were due on or prior to November 24,
2017, unless the date of the 2018 Annual Meeting is changed by more than thirty (30) days from the
date of the last annual meeting, in which case the proposal must be received no later than a reasonable
time before DST begins to print and send its annual proxy materials. In addition, all such proposals will
need to comply with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act, which lists the requirements for the inclusion
of stockholder proposals in company-sponsored annual proxy materials. Nothing in this paragraph shall
be deemed to require DST to include in its proxy statement and proxy relating to the 2018 Annual
Meeting any stockholder proposal that may be omitted from the proxy materials of DST under
applicable regulations of the Exchange Act in effect at the time such proposal is received.

• For a stockholders’ proposal or nomination that is not intended to be included in our proxy statement
for the 2018 Annual Meeting under Rule 14a-8, the stockholder must provide the information required
by our bylaws and give timely notice to our Secretary in accordance with our bylaws, which, in
general, require that the notice be received by our Secretary not earlier than the close of business on
January 8, 2018; and no later than the close of business on February 8, 2018. If the date of the annual
meeting is advanced by 30 days or delayed by 60 days or more from the anniversary of the 2017
Annual Meeting, notice will be timely if received no earlier than the close of business 120 days and no
later than the close of business 90 days in advance of such annual meeting or 10 calendar days
following the date on which public announcement of the date of the meeting is first made.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

If the merger is completed, we will have no public stockholders and there will be no public participation in
any of our future stockholder meetings. DST does not expect to hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2018 if
the merger is completed. However, if the merger is not completed, DST’s stockholders will continue to be entitled
to attend and participate in future Annual Meetings of Stockholders when held. If the 2018 Annual Meeting is
held, stockholder proposals will be eligible for consideration for inclusion in the proxy statement and the proxy
for our 2018 Annual Meeting in accordance with Rule 14a-8 under the Exchange Act and our bylaws, as
described below.

Any stockholder who intends to present a proposal at the 2018 Annual Meeting must have sent the proposal
to the Secretary of DST at 333 W. 11th Street, Kansas City, Missouri 64105, by the following dates:

100



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 110/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

HOUSEHOLDING INFORMATION

The SEC has adopted rules that permit companies and intermediaries such as brokers to satisfy delivery
requirements for proxy statements and annual reports with respect to two or more stockholder sharing the same
address by delivering a single proxy statement or annual report, as applicable, addressed to those stockholders.
As permitted by the Exchange Act, only one copy of this proxy statement is being delivered to stockholders
residing at the same address, unless stockholders have notified the company whose shares they hold of their
desire to receive multiple copies of this proxy statement. This process, which is commonly referred to as
“householding” potentially provides extra convenience for stockholders and cost savings for companies. If, at any
time, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate proxy statement, or
if you are receiving multiple copies of this proxy statement and wish to receive only one, please contact DST at
the address identified below. DST will promptly deliver, upon oral or written request, a separate copy of this
proxy statement to any stockholder residing at an address to which only one copy was mailed. Requests for
additional copies should be directed to DST at its address below.

DST Systems, Inc. 
Attn: Secretary 

333 W. 11th, 5th Floor 
Kansas City, MO 64105 

(816) 435-4925

101



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 111/196

• DST’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016, filed with the SEC
on February 28, 2017;

• DST’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended March 31, 2017, filed with the SEC
on May 10, 2017, for the fiscal quarter ended June 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on August 8, 2017 and
for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2017, filed with the SEC on November 3, 2017;

• DST’s Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, as supplemented, filed with the SEC on March 24,
2017; and

• DST’s Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2018; November 14, 2017;
May 10, 2017; May 9, 2017; and March 27, 2017 (other than Item 7.01).

TABLE OF CONTENTS

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the
Exchange Act. These reports, proxy statements and other documents contain additional information about us and
will be made available for inspection and copying at our executive offices during regular business hours by any
stockholder or a representative of a stockholder as so designated in writing.

You may read and copy any reports, statements or other information that we file with the SEC at the SEC’s
public reference room at the following location: Station Place, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C.
20549. You may also obtain copies of those documents at prescribed rates by writing to the Public Reference
Section of the SEC at that address. Please call the SEC at (800) SEC-0330 for further information on the public
reference room. These SEC filings are also available to the public from commercial document retrieval services
and at www.sec.gov. In addition, stockholders may obtain free copies of the documents filed with the SEC by
DST through the Investor Relations section of our website. The information on our website is not, and shall not
be deemed to be, a part hereof or incorporated into this or any other filings with the SEC.

The SEC allows us to “incorporate by reference” information into this proxy statement, which means that
we can disclose important information to you by referring you to other documents filed separately with the SEC.
The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this proxy statement, except for any
information superseded by information in this proxy statement or incorporated by reference subsequent to the
date of this proxy statement. This proxy statement incorporates by reference the documents set forth below that
we have previously filed with the SEC. These documents contain important information about us and our
financial condition and are incorporated by reference into this proxy statement.

The following DST filings with the SEC are incorporated by reference:

We also incorporate by reference into this proxy statement each document we file under Sections 13(a),
13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act between the date of this proxy statement and the earlier of the date of the
special meeting or the termination of the merger agreement. These documents include periodic reports, such as
Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, as well as Current Reports on Form 8-K
(other than current reports on Form 8-K furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01 of Form 8-K, including any
exhibits included with such information, unless otherwise indicated therein) and proxy solicitation materials. The
information provided on our website is not part of this proxy statement, and therefore is not incorporated by
reference herein.

You may obtain any of the documents we file with the SEC, by requesting them in writing or by telephone
from us at the following address:

DST Systems, Inc. 
Attn: Secretary 

333 W. 11th, 5th Floor 
Kansas City, MO 64105 

(816) 435-4925

102



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 112/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

If you would like to request documents from us, please do so by March 21, 2018, to receive them before the
special meeting. If you request any documents from us, we will mail them to you by first class mail, or another
equally prompt method, within one business day after we receive your request.

If you have any questions about this proxy statement, the special meeting or the merger or need assistance
with voting procedures, you should contact:

Innisfree M&A Incorporated 
501 Madison Avenue, 20th Floor 

New York, New York 10022 
Toll-free: (888) 750-5835 

Banks & Brokers may call collect: (212) 750-5833

103



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 113/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

MISCELLANEOUS

SS&C has supplied, and DST has not independently verified, all of the information relating to SS&C and
Merger Sub in this proxy statement exclusively concerning SS&C and Merger Sub.

You should rely only on the information contained in this proxy statement, the annexes to this proxy
statement and the documents we refer to in this proxy statement to vote on the merger. We have not authorized
anyone to provide you with information that is different from what is contained in this proxy statement. This
proxy statement is dated February 27, 2018. You should not assume that the information contained in this proxy
statement is accurate as of any date other than that date (or as of an earlier date if so indicated in this proxy
statement) and the mailing of this proxy statement to stockholders does not create any implication to the contrary.
This proxy statement does not constitute a solicitation of a proxy in any jurisdiction where, or to or from any
person to whom, it is unlawful to make a proxy solicitation.

104



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 114/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex A 

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

Dated as of January 11, 2018

among

DST SYSTEMS, INC.

SS&C TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

and

DIAMOND MERGER SUB, INC.



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 115/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Page
ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

Section 1.01 The Merger A-1
Section 1.02 Closing A-1
Section 1.03 Effective Time A-1
Section 1.04 Effects A-2
Section 1.05 Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws A-2
Section 1.06 Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation A-2

ARTICLE II

EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT
ENTITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

Section 2.01 Effect on Capital Stock A-2
Section 2.02 Exchange of Certificates; Payment Fund A-3
Section 2.03 Dissenter’s Rights A-5

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

Section 3.01 Organization, Standing and Power A-6
Section 3.02 Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability A-6
Section 3.03 No Conflicts; Consents A-6
Section 3.04 Litigation A-7
Section 3.05 Brokers’ Fees and Expenses A-7
Section 3.06 Merger Sub A-8
Section 3.07 Ownership of Common Stock A-8
Section 3.08 Financing A-8
Section 3.09 Solvency of the Surviving Corporation Following the Merger A-9
Section 3.10 No Other Representations or Warranties A-9

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY

Section 4.01 Organization, Standing and Power A-10
Section 4.02 Company Subsidiaries A-11
Section 4.03 Capital Structure A-11
Section 4.04 Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability A-13
Section 4.05 No Conflicts; Consents A-13
Section 4.06 SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities A-14
Section 4.07 Absence of Certain Changes or Events A-15
Section 4.08 Taxes A-16
Section 4.09 Employee Benefits; Labor Matters A-16

A-i



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 116/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.10 Litigation A-19
Section 4.11 Compliance with Applicable Laws A-19
Section 4.12 Environmental Matters A-20
Section 4.13 Contracts A-21
Section 4.14 Properties A-22
Section 4.15 Intellectual Property A-23
Section 4.16 Anti-Takeover Provisions A-25
Section 4.17 Brokers’ Fees and Expenses A-25
Section 4.18 Questionable Payments A-25
Section 4.19 Opinion of Financial Advisor A-26
Section 4.20 Insurance A-26
Section 4.21 No Other Representations or Warranties A-26

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

Section 5.01 Conduct of Business by the Company A-27
Section 5.02 Conduct of Business by Parent A-29
Section 5.03 No Control A-29
Section 5.04 No Solicitation by the Company; Company Board Recommendation A-29

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01 Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Company Stockholders Meeting A-33
Section 6.02 Access to Information; Confidentiality A-34
Section 6.03 Efforts to Consummate A-35
Section 6.04 Treatment of Company Awards A-37
Section 6.05 Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance A-39
Section 6.06 Transaction Litigation A-40
Section 6.07 Section 16 Matters A-41
Section 6.08 Public Announcements A-41
Section 6.09 Employment and Company Benefits A-41
Section 6.10 Merger Sub A-43
Section 6.11 Financing A-43
Section 6.12 Certain Indebtedness A-47
Section 6.13 Public Fund Consents; Other Client Consents. A-48
Section 6.14 Further Assurances. A-48
Section 6.15 Stock Exchange De-listing; Exchange Act Deregistration. A-48
Section 6.16 Takeover Statutes. A-49

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 7.01 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger A-49
Section 7.02 Conditions to Obligations of the Company A-49

A-ii



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 117/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 7.03 Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub A-50

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 8.01 Termination A-50
Section 8.02 Effect of Termination A-51
Section 8.03 Fees and Expenses A-52
Section 8.04 Amendment A-52
Section 8.05 Extension; Waiver A-53

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.01 Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties A-53
Section 9.02 Notices A-53
Section 9.03 Definitions A-54
Section 9.04 Interpretation A-61
Section 9.05 Severability A-62
Section 9.06 Counterparts A-62
Section 9.07 Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries A-62
Section 9.08 GOVERNING LAW A-62
Section 9.09 Assignment A-63
Section 9.10 Specific Enforcement A-63
Section 9.11 Jurisdiction; Venue A-63
Section 9.12 WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL A-64
Section 9.13 No Recourse A-64

A-iii



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 118/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER (this “Agreement”), dated as of January 11, 2018, among DST
Systems, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“Parent”), and Diamond Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and an indirect wholly owned
Subsidiary of Parent (“Merger Sub”).

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to effect the Merger, pursuant to which Merger
Sub shall be merged with and into the Company, with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation in the
Merger (the “Surviving Corporation”), and each share of Common Stock issued and outstanding shall be
converted into the right to receive $84.00 in cash;

WHEREAS, the Company Board has (i) determined that the terms of this Agreement, the Merger and the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the Company and its
stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement
and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and (iii) recommended that the
Company’s stockholders vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, at the Company Stockholders Meeting;

WHEREAS, the Parent Board and the Merger Sub Board have each approved this Agreement and declared it
advisable for Parent and Merger Sub, respectively, to enter into this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Merger Sub Board has recommended adoption and approval of this Agreement by its sole
stockholder;

WHEREAS, the sole stockholder of Merger Sub has adopted and approved this Agreement;

WHEREAS, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub desire to make certain representations, warranties,
covenants and agreements in connection with the Merger and also to prescribe various conditions to the Merger;
and

WHEREAS, certain capitalized terms used herein are defined in Section 9.03.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the representations, warranties and covenants
herein and intending to be legally bound, the parties hereto agree as follows:

ARTICLE I

THE MERGER

Section 1.01   The Merger.    On the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein, and in accordance
with the Delaware General Corporation Law (the “DGCL”), on the Closing Date, Merger Sub shall be merged
with and into the Company (the “Merger”). At the Effective Time, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
shall cease and the Company shall continue as the Surviving Corporation.

Section 1.02   Closing.    The closing (the “Closing”) of the Merger shall take place at the offices of Davis
Polk & Wardwell LLP, 450 Lexington Avenue, New York, NY 10017 at 10 a.m., Eastern time, on a date to be
specified by the Company and Parent, which shall be no later than the second Business Day following the
satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver by the party or parties entitled to the benefits thereof of
the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the
Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or (to the extent permitted by Law) waiver of those conditions by the party
entitled to the benefit of such condition), or at such other place, time and date as shall be agreed in writing
between the Company and Parent; provided, that if the Marketing Period has not ended at the time of the
satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver of the conditions set forth in Article VII (other than conditions
that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, but subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible,
waiver of those conditions at the Closing by the party entitled to the benefit of such condition), the Closing shall
occur (i) on the date following the satisfaction or, to the extent permissible, waiver of such conditions that is the
earliest to occur of  (A) a date during the Marketing Period to be specified by Parent on no less than two
(2) Business Days’ notice to the Company and (B) the final day of the Marketing Period, or (ii) at such other
place, at such other time or on such other date as Parent and the Company may mutually agree. The date on
which the Closing occurs is referred to herein as the “Closing Date.”

A-1



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 119/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section    1.03   Effective Time.    Subject to the provisions of this Agreement, at the Closing, the parties
shall file with the Delaware Secretary of State the certificate of merger relating to the Merger (the “Certificate of
Merger”), executed and acknowledged in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL. The Merger shall
become effective at the time that the Certificate of Merger has been duly filed with the Delaware Secretary of
State, or at such later time as the Company and Parent shall agree and specify in the Certificate of Merger (the
time the Merger becomes effective being the “Effective Time”).

Section 1.04   Effects.    The Merger shall have the effects set forth herein and in the applicable provisions of
the DGCL.

Section 1.05   Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws.    Each of the certificate of incorporation and bylaws
of the Surviving Corporation shall be amended and restated to be identical to the certificate of incorporation and
bylaws of Merger Sub, respectively, as in effect immediately prior to the Effective Time, until thereafter changed
or amended as provided therein or by applicable Law, except that, in each case, (i) references to the name of
Merger Sub shall be replaced by references to the name of the Surviving Corporation, (ii) Merger Sub shall, or
Parent shall cause Merger Sub or the Surviving Corporation, as applicable, to, make any modifications necessary
to comply with Section 6.05, and (iii) the provisions of the certificate of incorporation of Merger Sub relating to
the incorporator of Merger Sub shall be omitted.

Section 1.06   Directors and Officers of Surviving Corporation.    The directors of Merger Sub immediately
prior to the Effective Time shall be the directors of the Surviving Corporation until the earlier of their death,
resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly elected and qualified, as the case may be. The
officers of the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be the officers of the Surviving
Corporation until the earlier of their death, resignation or removal or until their respective successors are duly
elected or appointed and qualified, as the case may be.

ARTICLE II

EFFECT ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE CONSTITUENT 
ENTITIES; EXCHANGE OF CERTIFICATES

Section 2.01   Effect on Capital Stock.    At the Effective Time, by virtue of the Merger and without any
action on the part of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the holder of any shares of common stock, par value
$0.01 per share, of the Company (the “Common Stock”) or any shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per
share, of Merger Sub (the “Merger Sub Common Stock”):

(a)   Conversion of Merger Sub Common Stock.    Each share of Merger Sub Common Stock issued and
outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be converted into one fully paid and nonassessable
share of common stock, par value $0.01 per share, of the Surviving Corporation with the same rights, powers and
privileges as the shares so converted and shall constitute the only outstanding shares of capital stock of the
Surviving Corporation. From and after the Effective Time, all certificates representing shares of Merger Sub
Common Stock shall be deemed for all purposes to represent the number of shares of common stock of the
Surviving Corporation into which they were converted in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence.

(b)   Cancellation of Parent-Owned and Treasury Stock; Conversion of Subsidiary-Owned Stock.

(i)   Each share of Common Stock held by the Company as treasury stock or that is owned directly by
Parent or Merger Sub immediately prior to the Effective Time shall no longer be outstanding and shall
automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and no consideration shall be delivered in exchange
therefor.

(ii)   Each share of Common Stock that is owned by any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of
the Company or any direct or indirect wholly owned Subsidiary of Parent (other than Merger Sub) or of
Merger Sub shall be converted into such number of shares of common stock of the Surviving Corporation
such that the ownership percentage of any such Subsidiary in the Surviving Corporation immediately
following the Effective Time shall equal the ownership percentage of such Company Subsidiary
immediately prior to the Effective Time.

A-2



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 120/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(c)   Conversion of Common Stock.    Subject to Section 2.02 and Section 2.03, each share of Common
Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (other than shares to be canceled or
converted into shares of the Surviving Corporation in accordance with Section 2.01(b), Company Options, shares
of Company RSUs, and Company Performance Stock Units treated in accordance with Section 6.04 and, except
as provided in Section 2.03, any shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the
Effective Time that are held by any holder who has not voted in favor of the Merger and who is entitled to
demand and properly demands appraisal of such Common Stock pursuant to Section 262 of the DGCL and, as of
the Effective Time, has neither failed to perfect, nor effectively withdrawn or lost rights to appraisal under the
DGCL (the “Dissenting Shares”)) shall be converted into the right to receive $84.00 in cash, without interest (the
“Merger Consideration”). All such shares of Common Stock, when so converted, shall no longer be outstanding
and shall automatically be canceled and shall cease to exist, and each holder of a certificate (or evidence of shares
in book-entry form (such shares, “Book-Entry Shares”)) that immediately prior to the Effective Time represented
any such shares of Common Stock (each, a “Certificate”) shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto,
except the right to receive the Merger Consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if between the date of this
Agreement and the Effective Time the outstanding shares of Common Stock shall have been changed into a
different number of shares or a different class, including by reason of any stock dividend, subdivision,
reclassification, recapitalization, split, combination, readjustment or exchange of shares, or any similar event
shall have occurred, then any number or amount contained herein which is based upon the number of shares of
Common Stock will be appropriately adjusted to provide to the holders of Common Stock the same economic
effect as contemplated by this Agreement prior to such event.

Section 2.02   Exchange of Certificates; Payment Fund.

(a)   Paying Agent.    No later than ten (10) days prior to the Effective Time, Parent shall, at its sole cost and
expense, appoint a bank or trust company reasonably acceptable to the Company that is organized and doing
business under the laws of the United States to act as paying agent (the “Paying Agent”) for the payment and
delivery of the Merger Consideration pursuant to this Article II. On the Closing Date, Parent shall deposit, or
cause to be deposited, with the Paying Agent, as needed, for payment in accordance with this Article II through
the Paying Agent, cash to pay the Merger Consideration due pursuant to Section 2.01(c). All such cash deposited
with the Paying Agent is hereinafter referred to as the “Payment Fund.” Any portion of the Merger Consideration
made available to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Section 2.02(a) to pay for shares of Common Stock for which
appraisal rights have been properly perfected and not withdrawn or lost shall be returned to Parent, upon demand.

(b)   Letter of Transmittal.    As reasonably promptly as practicable after the Effective Time (and in any
event within five Business Days after the Effective Time), Parent shall cause the Paying Agent to mail, or
otherwise provide in the case of Book-Entry Shares, to each holder of record of Common Stock (i) a form of
letter of transmittal (the “Letter of Transmittal”) which shall specify that delivery shall be effected and risk of loss
and title shall pass (A) with respect to shares of Common Stock evidenced by Certificates, only upon the proper
delivery of the Certificates (or affidavits in lieu thereof pursuant to Section 2.02(i), if applicable) and a validly
executed Letter of Transmittal to the Paying Agent (and such other documents as the Paying Agent may
reasonably request) and (B) with respect to Book-Entry Shares, only upon proper delivery of an “agent’s
message” regarding the book-entry transfer of Book-Entry Shares (or such other evidence, if any, of the transfer
as the Paying Agent may reasonably request) and (ii) instructions for effecting the surrender of Book-Entry
Shares or Certificates in exchange for the applicable Merger Consideration.

(c)   Merger Consideration Received in Connection with Exchange.    Upon (i) in the case of shares of
Common Stock represented by a Certificate, the surrender of such Certificate for cancellation to the Paying
Agent together with the Letter of Transmittal, duly, completely and validly executed in accordance with the
instructions thereto (or affidavits in lieu thereof pursuant to Section 2.02(i), if applicable) or (ii) in the case of
shares of Common Stock held as Book-Entry Shares, the receipt of an “agent’s message” by the Paying Agent, in
each case together with such other documents as may reasonably be required by the Paying Agent, the holder of
such shares shall be entitled to receive in exchange therefor the Merger Consideration into which such shares of
Common Stock have been converted pursuant to Section 2.01. In the event of a transfer of ownership of Common
Stock that is not registered in the transfer records of the Company, the

A-3



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 121/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Merger Consideration may be paid to a transferee if the Certificate or Book-Entry Share representing such
Common Stock is presented to the Paying Agent (or, in the case of Book-Entry Shares, proper evidence of such
transfer) accompanied by all documents required to evidence and effect such transfer and by evidence that any
applicable stock transfer Taxes have been paid. Until surrendered as contemplated by this Section 2.02(c), each
share of Common Stock, and any Certificate with respect thereto, shall be deemed at any time from and after the
Effective Time to represent only the right to receive upon such surrender the Merger Consideration that the
holders of shares of Common Stock are entitled to receive in respect of such shares pursuant to Section 2.01(c).
No interest will be paid or accrued on the cash payable upon surrender of the Certificates (or shares of Common
Stock held as Book-Entry Shares).

(d)   No Further Ownership Rights in Common Stock.    The Merger Consideration paid in accordance with
the terms of this Article II upon conversion of any shares of Common Stock shall be deemed to have been paid in
full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such shares of Common Stock. From and after the Effective Time, there
shall be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the Surviving Corporation of shares of
Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time. From and after the Effective
Time, the holders of Certificates (or evidence of Book-Entry Shares) that evidenced ownership of shares of
Common Stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time shall cease to have any rights with respect to
such shares of Common Stock, except as otherwise provided for herein or by applicable Law. If, after the
Effective Time, any Certificates formerly representing shares of Common Stock (or shares of Common Stock
held as Book-Entry Shares) are presented to Parent or the Paying Agent for any reason, they shall be canceled
and exchanged as provided in this Article II, subject to applicable Law in the case of Dissenting Shares.

(e)   Termination of Payment Fund.    Any portion of the Payment Fund (including any interest received with
respect thereto) that remains undistributed to the holders of Common Stock nine months after the Effective Time
shall be delivered to Parent (or its designee) upon demand, and any holder of Common Stock who has not
theretofor complied with this Article II shall thereafter look only to Parent for payment of its claim for Merger
Consideration without any interest thereon (subject to abandoned property, escheat or similar Law).

(f)   No Liability.    None of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub or the Paying Agent shall be liable to any
Person in respect of any portion of the Payment Fund delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable
abandoned property, escheat or similar Law. To the fullest extent permitted by Law, immediately prior to the date
any Merger Consideration would otherwise escheat to or become the property of any Governmental Entity, such
Merger Consideration and any other amounts remaining unclaimed by holders of shares of Common Stock shall
become the property of Parent free and clear of any claims or interest of any Person previously entitled thereto.

(g)   Investment of Payment Fund.    The Paying Agent shall invest any cash in the Payment Fund if and as
directed by Parent; provided, however, that such investment shall be in obligations of, or guaranteed by, the
United States of America, in commercial paper obligations of issuers rated A-1 or P-1 or better by Moody’s
Investors Service, Inc. or Standard & Poor’s Ratings Service, respectively, or in certificates of deposit, bank
repurchase agreements or bankers’ acceptances of domestic commercial banks with capital exceeding $10 billion,
or in mutual or money market funds investing in such assets, and in any case, no such instrument shall have a
maturity that may prevent or delay payments to be made pursuant to this Article II. Any interest and other income
resulting from such investments shall be paid to, and be the property of, Parent. No investment losses resulting
from investment of the Payment Fund shall diminish the rights of any of the Company’s stockholders to receive
the Merger Consideration or any other payment as provided herein. To the extent there are losses with respect to
such investments or the Payment Fund diminishes for any other reason below the level required to make the
payments required to be paid pursuant to the terms hereof, Parent shall reasonably promptly replace or restore the
cash in the Payment Fund so as to ensure that the Payment Fund is at all times maintained at a level sufficient to
make such cash payments when due.

(h)   Withholding Rights.    Each of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub, the Surviving Corporation and the
Paying Agent (without duplication) shall be entitled to deduct and withhold from the consideration payable
pursuant to this Agreement (including the consideration otherwise payable to any holder of Company Options,
Company RSUs or Company Performance Stock Units), such amounts as are required

A-4



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 122/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to be withheld under the Code, or any applicable provision of state, local or foreign Tax Law. To the extent that
amounts are so withheld and remitted to the appropriate Governmental Entity, such withheld and remitted
amounts shall be treated for all purposes of this Agreement as having been paid to the Person in respect of which
such deduction and withholding was made. Each of the Company, Parent, Merger Sub and the Surviving
Corporation, as the case may be, shall use reasonable best efforts to reduce or eliminate any such withholding by
requesting any appropriate Tax forms, including Internal Revenue Service (“IRS”) Form W-9 or the appropriate
IRS Form W-8, as applicable, or any similar information, from the Company’s stockholders.

(i)   Lost Certificates.    If any Certificate shall have been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an
affidavit of that fact by the Person claiming such Certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if required by the
Surviving Corporation, the posting by such Person of a bond, in such reasonable amount as the Surviving
Corporation may direct, as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
Certificate, the Paying Agent shall, in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed Certificate, pay the Merger
Consideration deliverable in respect thereof pursuant to this Agreement.

Section 2.03   Dissenter’s Rights.

(a)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Dissenting Shares shall be converted into or
represent the right to receive the Merger Consideration as provided in Section 2.01, and instead the holders of
such Dissenting Shares shall be entitled to such rights as are granted by Section 262 of the DGCL (unless and
until such stockholder shall have failed to timely perfect, or shall have effectively withdrawn or lost, such
stockholder’s right to dissent from the Merger under the DGCL, in which case such stockholder shall be entitled
to receive the Merger Consideration in accordance with Section 2.01, without interest thereon, in exchange for
such shares of Common Stock, and such shares of Common Stock shall no longer be deemed to be Dissenting
Shares) and to receive such consideration as may be determined to be due with respect to such Dissenting Shares
pursuant to and subject to the requirements of the DGCL (the “Dissenter’s Rights”). In such case, at the Effective
Time, the Dissenting Shares shall no longer be outstanding and shall automatically be canceled and cease to exist,
and each holder of Dissenting Shares shall cease to have any rights with respect thereto, except with respect to
Dissenter’s Rights and as provided in this Section 2.03. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any such holder shall
have failed to timely perfect or shall have otherwise waived, or effectively withdrawn or lost such holder’s right
to appraisal under the Dissenter’s Rights, or a court of competent jurisdiction shall determine that such holder is
not entitled to the relief provided by the Dissenter’s Rights, then the right of such holder to be paid the fair value
of such holder’s Dissenting Shares under the Dissenter’s Rights shall cease, such shares shall no longer be
considered Dissenting Shares for purposes hereof, and such holder’s shares of Common Stock shall thereupon be
deemed to have been converted as of the Effective Time into the right to receive the Merger Consideration,
without any interest thereon, as provided in Sections 2.01 and 2.02.

(b)   The Company shall provide prompt written notice to Parent of any demands for appraisal by any holder
of shares of Common Stock, attempted withdrawals of such notices or demands and any other instruments
received by the Company relating to the Dissenter’s Rights, and, to the extent permitted by applicable Law,
Parent shall have the right to direct all negotiations and proceedings with respect to all such demands. The
Company shall not, without the prior written consent of Parent or unless otherwise required by a final non-
appealable order of a Governmental Entity of competent jurisdiction, voluntarily make any payment with respect
to, settle or offer to settle, or otherwise negotiate, any such demands or agree to do any of the foregoing.

A-5



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 123/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ARTICLE III

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB

Except as set forth in the disclosure letter delivered by Parent to the Company at or before the execution and
delivery by Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement (the “Parent Disclosure Letter”) (it being understood that
the Parent Disclosure Letter shall be arranged in numbered and lettered sections corresponding to the numbered
and lettered sections contained in this Article III, and the disclosure in any section or subsection shall be deemed
to qualify any other section in this Article III to the extent that it is reasonably apparent that such disclosure also
qualifies or applies to such other section or subsection), Parent and Merger Sub, jointly and severally, hereby
represent and warrant, to the Company as follows:

Section 3.01   Organization, Standing and Power.    Each of Parent and Merger Sub is duly organized,
validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized and has all
corporate power and authority required to execute and deliver this Agreement and to consummate the Merger and
the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement and to perform each of its obligations under this
Agreement. Each of Parent and Merger Sub is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in
each jurisdiction (to the extent the concept is recognized by such jurisdiction) where the nature of its business or
the ownership or leasing of its properties make such qualification necessary, other than in such jurisdictions
where the failure to be so qualified or licensed, individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not
reasonably be expected to have, a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.02    Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.    Each of Parent and Merger Sub has all
requisite corporate power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations under
this Agreement, and to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The
Parent Board has adopted resolutions, by unanimous vote of the directors present at a meeting duly called at
which a quorum of directors of Parent was present, approving the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement. As of the date of this Agreement, such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. The Merger
Sub Board has unanimously adopted resolutions (i) approving the execution, delivery and performance of this
Agreement; (ii) determining that the terms of this Agreement are in the best interests of Merger Sub and its sole
stockholder; (iii) declaring this Agreement advisable; and (iv) recommending that the sole stockholder of Merger
Sub adopt this Agreement and directing that this Agreement be submitted to the sole stockholder of Merger Sub
for adoption. As of the date of this Agreement, such resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. The sole
stockholder of Merger Sub, has adopted and approved this Agreement. No other corporate proceedings
(including, for the avoidance of doubt, any stockholder approval) on the part of Parent, Merger Sub or their
respective Subsidiaries are necessary to authorize, adopt or approve, as applicable, this Agreement or to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except for the filing of the
Certificate of Merger in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL). Each of Parent and Merger Sub
has duly executed and delivered this Agreement and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by
the Company, this Agreement constitutes Parent’s and Merger Sub’s legal, valid and binding obligation,
enforceable against each of Parent and Merger Sub in accordance with its terms except, in each case, as
enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or similar
Laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general principles of equity.

Section 3.03   No Conflicts; Consents.

(a)   The execution and delivery by each of Parent and Merger Sub of this Agreement does not, and the
performance by each of Parent and Merger Sub of its obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement will not, (i) conflict with, or result in any
violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, the governing or organizational
documents of Parent or Merger Sub; (ii) conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, require any consent or any other action by any Person under, or give rise
to a right of termination, cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation or any loss of a benefit under, any
provision of any contract, lease, license, indenture, note, bond, agreement, understanding, undertaking,
concession, franchise, obligation, commitment, arrangement or other instrument (a “Contract”) to which any of
Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries is a party or by which any of their respective properties
or assets is bound or

A-6



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 124/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

any Permit (subject to the filings and other matters referred to in Section 3.03(b)); (iii) subject to the filings and
other matters referred to in Section 3.03(b), conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, any judgment, order, injunction, ruling or decree (“Judgment”) or
transnational, domestic or foreign federal, state or local statute, law (including statutory, common and other law),
constitution, treaty, convention, code, ordinance, rule, regulation (including of self-regulatory organizations),
interpretation or other similar requirement enacted, adopted, promulgated or applied by a Governmental Entity
(“Law”), in each case, applicable to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries or their respective
properties or assets, or (iv) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of Parent,
Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries, other than, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, any
matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent
Material Adverse Effect.

(b)   No governmental franchises, licenses, permits, registrations, waivers, authorizations, variances,
exemptions, orders and approvals (each a “Permit” and collectively, the “Permits”), consent, approval, clearance,
waiver or order (collectively, with the Permits, the “Consents” and each, a “Consent”) of or from, or registration,
declaration, notice or filing made to or with, or action by, any federal, national, state, provincial or local, whether
transnational, domestic, foreign or supranational, government or any court of competent jurisdiction,
administrative agency, applicable self-regulatory organization, tribunal or commission or other governmental or
regulatory authority, department, agency or instrumentality, including any political subdivision thereof, whether
transnational, domestic, foreign or supranational (a “Governmental Entity”), is required to be obtained or taken or
made by or with respect to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries in connection with the
execution and delivery of this Agreement or Parent’s or Merger Sub’s performance of its obligations under this
Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other
than (i) the filing with the SEC of such reports under, and such other compliance with, the Exchange Act and the
Securities Act, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as may be required in connection with this Agreement,
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) (A) compliance with and filings under
the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the “HSR Act”), (B) the requirement of
Parent and any Additional Controller to obtain the FCA Approval, the CBI Approval and the CSSF Approval and
(C) such other Consents, registrations, declarations, notices, filings or actions as are required to be made or
obtained under the foreign Antitrust Laws as set forth on Section 4.05(b)(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter in
order to complete the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement; (iii) the filing of the
Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary and appropriate documents with the relevant authorities of the
other jurisdictions in which Parent, the Company or any of their respective Affiliates are qualified to do business;
(iv) compliance with the NASDAQ Stock Market LLC rules and regulations; (v) such filing of notices, updated
applications and/or change of ownership application as may be required with the FCA, the CSSF and the CBI and
the receipt of required licenses, permits, certificates, approvals and/or certifications from such regulatory
agencies, when applicable; (vi) approval by FINRA under NASD Rule 1017 with respect to the indirect change
of ownership of each Broker-Dealer; (vii) written notification to the NSCC regarding the indirect acquisition of
any Broker-Dealer that is a member of the NSCC and (viii) such other matters that, individually or in the
aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect.

Section 3.04   Litigation.    There is no suit, action or other proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of
Parent, threatened against Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective
former or current directors, officers or employees in such capacity or properties or assets that, individually or in
the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any
Judgment outstanding against or, to the Knowledge of Parent, investigation or inquiry in each case that is
threatened or pending by any Governmental Entity involving Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective
Subsidiaries or any of their respective former or current directors, officers or employees or properties or assets
that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 3.05   Brokers’ Fees and Expenses.    No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
Person, other than Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC, the fees and expenses of which will be paid by Parent, is
entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s or other similar fee or commission in

A-7



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 125/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement based upon
arrangements made by or on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub.

Section 3.06   Merger Sub.    Merger Sub was formed solely for the purpose of engaging in the transactions
contemplated under this Agreement. Since its date of incorporation, Merger Sub has not carried on any business
nor conducted any operations other than the execution of this Agreement, the performance of its obligations
under this Agreement and matters ancillary hereto.

Section 3.07   Ownership of Common Stock.    None of Parent, Merger Sub or any of their respective
Affiliates has been, at any time during the three years prior to the date of this Agreement, an “interested
stockholder” of the Company, as defined in Section 203 of the DGCL. As of the date of this Agreement, none of
Parent, Merger Sub or their respective Subsidiaries owns any shares of capital stock of the Company or has any
rights to acquire any shares of capital stock of the Company (except pursuant to this Agreement or any shares of
capital stock of the Company held by any employee benefit plan of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries or any trustee
or other fiduciary in such capacity under any such employee benefit plan).

Section 3.08   Financing.   

(a)   Parent will have available to it upon the consummation of the Merger and the Effective Time sufficient
funds (i) to make the payments required pursuant to this Agreement with respect to the Merger and the
transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) to pay any indebtedness of the Company required to be repaid, redeemed,
retired, cancelled, terminated or otherwise satisfied or discharged in connection with the Merger and any
premiums and fees incurred in connection therewith, including the Company Credit Agreement and any fees
related thereto and (iii) to pay all fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by Parent related to the transactions
contemplated hereby.

(b)   Parent has delivered to the Company true, accurate and complete copies of the fully executed debt
commitment letter, together with all schedules and exhibits thereto, from Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC,
Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch and Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc. (collectively, the
“Lenders”), dated as of the date hereof  (including all exhibits, schedules, annexes and amendments thereto (and
together with any Fee Letter) as of the date of this Agreement, collectively, the “Debt Commitment Letter”),
pursuant to which, and subject to the terms and conditions thereof, the Lenders have committed to lend the
amounts set forth therein to Parent for the purpose of funding the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the “Financing”); provided, however, that solely in the case of the Fee Letter, true, accurate and complete copies
have been delivered to the Company with only the fee amounts redacted. The Debt Commitment Letter is in full
force and effect and is the legal, valid and binding obligation of SS&C Technologies, Inc. and, to the Knowledge
of Parent, the other parties thereto, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms, subject to bankruptcy,
insolvency, fraudulent transfer, reorganization and similar laws affecting the rights of creditors generally and the
availability of equitable remedies (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered in a proceeding in
equity or at law). As of the date of this Agreement, neither Parent nor, to the Knowledge of Parent, any other
counterparty thereto has committed any material breach of any of its covenants or other obligations set forth in,
or is in material default under, the Debt Commitment Letter, and to the Knowledge of Parent no event has
occurred or circumstance exists that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would or would reasonably be
expected to (i) constitute or result in a material breach or material default on the part of Parent or Merger Sub, or
to the Knowledge of Parent, of any other party under the Debt Commitment Letter, (ii) constitute or result in a
failure to satisfy in any material respect any of the terms or conditions set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter,
(iii) make any of the assumptions or any of the statements set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter inaccurate in
any material respect, (iv) result in any of the conditions in the Debt Commitment Letter not being satisfied, or
(v) otherwise result in any portion of the Financing not being available. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent
has no reason to believe (both before and after giving effect to any “flex” provisions contained in the Debt
Commitment Letter) that it will be unable to satisfy, on a timely basis, any term or condition to be satisfied by it
contained in the Debt Commitment Letter or that the full amounts committed pursuant to the Debt Commitment
Letter will not be available as of the Closing if the terms or conditions to be satisfied by it contained in the Debt
Commitment Letter are satisfied. There are no conditions precedent or other conditions related to the Financing,
or any contracts,

A-8



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 126/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

agreements, arrangements or understandings, whether written or oral, related to the Financing, other than the
terms thereof set forth in the Debt Commitment Letter. As of the date of this Agreement, Parent has fully paid
any and all commitment fees or other fees or deposits required by the Debt Commitment Letter to be paid on or
before the date of this Agreement. Assuming the Financing is funded in accordance with the terms and conditions
of the Debt Commitment Letter, the aggregate proceeds from the Financing, together with the available cash,
available lines of credit or other sources of immediately available funds that Parent has or will have prior to the
Closing that will not be used for other purposes, are sufficient in amount to provide Parent with the funds
necessary for it to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to satisfy its obligations under this
Agreement, including for Parent to pay the aggregate amounts payable pursuant to Article II and Section 6.04 and
to pay any Indebtedness of the Company required to be repaid, redeemed, retired, cancelled, terminated or
otherwise satisfied or discharged in connection with the Merger and any premiums and fees incurred in
connection therewith, including the Company Credit Agreement and any fees related thereto and the payment of
all fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by Parent related to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, including such fees, costs and expenses relating to the Financing.

Section 3.09   Solvency of the Surviving Corporation Following the Merger.    Neither Parent nor Merger
Sub is entering into the transactions contemplated by this Agreement with the actual intent to hinder, delay or
defraud either present or future creditors of the Company or any Company Subsidiary. Assuming the satisfaction
of the conditions to Parent’s and Merger Sub’s obligations to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the accuracy of the representations and warranties in Article IV, Parent and the Surviving
Corporation will, immediately after giving effect to all of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(including the Financing, the payment of the aggregate amounts payable pursuant to Article II and Section 6.04
and the payment of all fees, costs and expenses required to be paid by Parent or the Company related to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including such fees, costs and expenses relating to the Financing),
be Solvent at and after the consummation of the Closing. For the purposes of this Section 3.09, the term
“Solvent,” when used with respect to any Person, means that, as of any date of determination, (a) the amount of
the “fair saleable value” (determined on a going concern basis) of the assets of such Person will, as of such date,
exceed the value of all “liabilities of such Person, including contingent and other liabilities,” as of such date, as
such quoted terms are generally determined in accordance with applicable federal laws governing determinations
of the insolvency of debtors; (b) such Person will not have, as of such date, an unreasonably small amount of
capital for the operation of the businesses in which it is engaged or proposed to be engaged following such date;
and (c) such Person will be able to pay its liabilities, including contingent and other liabilities, as they mature. For
purposes of this definition, “not have an unreasonably small amount of capital for the operation of the businesses
in which it is engaged or proposed to be engaged” and “able to pay its liabilities, including contingent and other
liabilities, as they mature” means that such Person will be able to generate enough cash from operations, asset
dispositions or lines of credit, or a combination thereof, to meet its obligations as they become due.

Section 3.10   No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a)   Except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Article III, neither Parent or
Merger Sub nor any other Person on behalf of Parent or Merger Sub makes, or has made (and Parent, on behalf of
itself, its Subsidiaries, and their respective Affiliates and Representatives, hereby disclaims) and the Company
has not relied on, any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent, Merger Sub, any of
their respective Subsidiaries or any of their respective businesses, operations, properties, assets, liabilities,
conditions (financial or otherwise), prospects or otherwise in connection with this Agreement or the transactions
contemplated hereby, including as to the accuracy or completeness of any information.

(b)   Except for the representations and warranties contained in Article IV or in any certificate delivered by
the Company to Parent and Merger Sub, each of Parent and Merger Sub acknowledges and agrees that (x) none
of the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or any other Person on behalf of the Company makes, or has made,
any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or
with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any information provided, or made available, to Parent, Merger
Sub or any of their Affiliates or Representatives, including

A-9



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 127/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with respect to their business, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise), prospects or
otherwise in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and Parent and Merger Sub and their respective Representatives are not relying on any
representation, warranty or other information of the Company or any Person except for those expressly set forth
in Article IV or (y) no person has been authorized by the Company, the Company Subsidiaries or any other
Person on behalf of the Company to make any representation or warranty relating to the Company or its business
or otherwise in connection with this Agreement and the Merger, and if made, such representation or warranty
shall not be relied upon by Parent or Merger Sub as having been authorized by such entity. Without limiting the
generality of the foregoing, Parent and Merger Sub acknowledge and agree that, except for the representations
and warranties set forth in Section 4.06(b), Section 4.06(c) and Section 4.06(d), neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary or any other Person has made a representation or warranty (including as to completeness or
accuracy) to Parent or Merger Sub with respect to, and neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary or any
other Person shall be subject to any liability to Parent, Merger Sub or any other Person resulting from, the
Company or any Company Subsidiary or their respective Representatives providing, or making available, to
Parent, Merger Sub or any of their Subsidiaries or their respective Representatives, or resulting from the omission
of, any financial estimate, financial projection, financial prediction, financial data, financial information or any
memorandum, presentation or any other materials or information relating to the foregoing, including any
materials or information made available to Parent and/or its Representatives in connection with presentations by
the Company’s management or information made available on any “data sites”. Each of Parent and Merger Sub
acknowledges that it has conducted, to its satisfaction, its own independent investigation of the condition
(financial or otherwise), operations and business of the Company and its Subsidiaries and, in making its
determination to proceed with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, each of
Parent and Merger Sub has relied solely on the results of its own independent investigation and representations
and warranties set forth in Article IV and has not relied directly or indirectly on any materials or information
made available to Parent and/or its Representatives by or on behalf of the Company.

(c)   Nothing in this Section 3.10 shall be deemed to preclude Parent or Merger Sub from using information
made available to Parent or Merger Sub in connection with any presentations by the Company’s management or
information made available (or omitted to be made available) to Parent or Merger Sub for purposes of making
any claims of Fraud with respect to any breach of the representations and warranties contained in Article IV.

ARTICLE IV

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY
Except (i) as set forth in the Company SEC Documents furnished to or filed with the SEC after January 1,

2015 and prior to the date of this Agreement and publicly available (and excluding any supplement, modification
or amendment made thereto after the date hereof) (the “Filed Company SEC Documents”), excluding for this
purpose the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01, Section 4.02, Section 4.03, Section 4.04,
Section 4.05(a)(i), Section 4.05(c), Section 4.16, Section 4.17 and Section 4.19, provided, that in no event shall
any information contained in any part of any Company SEC Document entitled “Risk Factors” or containing a
description or explanation of  “Forward-Looking Statements” be deemed to be an exception to (or a disclosure for
purposes of) any representations and warranties of the Company contained in this Agreement; or (ii) as set forth
in the disclosure letter delivered by the Company to Parent at or before the execution and delivery by the
Company of this Agreement (the “Company Disclosure Letter”) (it being understood that the Company
Disclosure Letter shall be arranged in numbered and lettered sections corresponding to the numbered and lettered
sections contained in this Article IV, and the disclosure in any section or subsection shall be deemed to qualify
any other section in this Article IV to the extent that it is reasonably apparent that such disclosure also qualifies or
applies to such other section or subsection), the Company hereby represents and warrants to Parent and Merger
Sub as follows:

Section 4.01   Organization, Standing and Power.    Each of the Company and each of the Company
Subsidiaries is a duly organized, validly existing corporation or other legal entity and in good standing under the
laws of the jurisdiction in which it is organized (in the case of good standing, to the extent such

A-10



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 128/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

jurisdiction recognizes such concept), except in the case of the Company Subsidiaries where the failure to be so
organized, exist or be in good standing has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or
in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has
all requisite power and authority required to conduct its businesses as presently conducted, except, in the case of
the Company Subsidiaries, where the failure to have such power or authority, individually or in the aggregate, has
not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company
and the Company Subsidiaries is duly qualified or licensed to do business and is in good standing in each
jurisdiction (in the case of good standing, to the extent such jurisdiction recognizes such concept) where the
nature of its business or the ownership or leasing of its properties make such qualification necessary, other than in
such jurisdictions where the failure to be so qualified or licensed has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. The Company has prior
to the date hereof made available to Parent true, correct and complete copies of the Company’s Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws (and all amendments thereto) as currently in full force and effect.

Section 4.02   Company Subsidiaries.

(a)   Section 4.02(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter lists all the Company Subsidiaries and their
respective jurisdictions of organization.

(b)   Except as set forth on Section 4.02(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, all of the outstanding shares
of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, each Company Subsidiary have been validly
issued and are fully paid and nonassessable and are owned by the Company, directly or indirectly, free and clear
of all Liens and free from any other material restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or
otherwise dispose of such capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests), except for restrictions imposed
by applicable securities law.

(c)   Except as set forth on Section 4.02(c) of the Company Disclosure Letter and except for the capital stock
and voting securities of, and other equity interests in, the Company Subsidiaries, none of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary owns, directly or indirectly, any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity
interests in, or any interest convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, any capital stock or voting
securities of, or other equity interests in, any Person.

(d)   Section 4.02(d) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date hereof, a true, correct and
complete list of  (i) each entity (A) in which the Company or a Company Subsidiary has an equity interest and
(B) that is not consolidated with the Company in the Company’s financial statements included in the Company’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 2016 filed with the SEC (such entities, the “Joint Ventures”), (ii)
(A) the number and type of outstanding capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, each
Joint Venture (the “Joint Venture Securities”), and (B) the direct ownership percentage in each Joint Venture of
the Company or the Company Subsidiary that has a direct ownership interest in such Joint Venture and (iii) any
(A) put options, or any other similar rights of any Person to sell its Joint Venture Securities to a Joint Venture or
any other equityholder of such Joint Venture, or (B) call options, or any other similar rights of the Joint Venture
or any other Person to acquire Joint Venture Securities from an equityholder of such Joint Venture. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries is required to make any additional capital contributions to any Joint Venture.
All of the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ Joint Venture Securities are held by the Company or such Subsidiary
free and clear of all Liens and any other material restriction (including any restriction on the right to vote, sell or
otherwise dispose of such capital stock, voting securities or other equity interests), except for restrictions imposed
by applicable securities law.

Section 4.03   Capital Structure.

(a)   The authorized capital stock of the Company consists of 400,000,000 shares of Common Stock and
10,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value $0.01 per share (the “Preferred Stock,” together with the
Common Stock, the “Capital Stock”). At the close of business on December 31, 2017 (i) 59,270,830 shares of
Common Stock were issued and outstanding; (ii) 5,119,947 shares of Common Stock were held by the Company
in its treasury; (iii) an aggregate of 1,957,423 shares of Common Stock were reserved for issuance pursuant to
outstanding awards and rights under the Company Stock Plans, of which 590,557

A-11



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 129/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

shares of Common Stock were underlying outstanding and unexercised options to purchase shares of Common
Stock (collectively, “Company Options”), 508,257 shares of Common Stock were underlying outstanding and
unvested restricted stock units (including any additional restricted stock units issued or issuable pursuant to the
Company Stock Plans in connection with the payment by the Company of a dividend, “Company RSUs”), and
835,677 shares of Common Stock were underlying outstanding performance stock units (including any additional
performance stock units issued or issuable pursuant to the Company Stock Plans based on actual performance in
connection with the payment by the Company of a dividend, “Company Performance Stock Units”) and 22,932
shares of Common Stock underlying additional restricted stock units issued or issuable pursuant to the Company
Stock Plans in connection with the payment by the Company of a dividend in respect of the Company RSUs and
the Company Performance Stock Units, and (iv) no shares of Preferred Stock were issued and outstanding.
Except as set forth in this Section 4.03(a), at the close of business on December 31, 2017, no shares of capital
stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company were issued, reserved for issuance or
outstanding. Since December 31, 2017, the Company has not granted any Company Stock Awards.
Section 4.03(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list, as of December 31,
2017, of all outstanding Company Options, Company RSUs and Company Performance Stock Units, including
with respect to each such award, as applicable, the holder, date of grant, exercise price, vesting schedule,
expiration date and number of shares of Common Stock subject thereto (the “Equity Award Schedule”).

(b)   All of the outstanding shares of Common Stock are, and, at the time of issuance, all such shares that
may be issued upon the vesting, settlement or exercise, as applicable, of Company Stock Awards will be, duly
authorized, validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable and not subject to preemptive rights. All grants of equity
awards or other rights with respect to shares of Common Stock to current or former directors, officers,
employees, agents or consultants of the Company or any Company Subsidiary have been made in accordance
with the terms of the applicable Company Stock Plan and award agreements thereunder and any policy of the
Company or the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Company Board”) (including any committee thereof)
relating to the grant of such awards or rights. Except as set forth above in this Section 4.03, in Section 4.02(b) or
for changes since December 31, 2017 resulting from (x) the exercise of Company Options outstanding on such
date, and (y) vesting and settlement of Company RSUs and Company Performance Stock Units, there are not
issued, reserved for issuance or outstanding, and there are not any outstanding obligations of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or sold, (i) any shares of capital
stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any
securities of the Company or any Company Subsidiary convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares
of capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Company Subsidiary, (ii)
any warrants, calls, options or other rights to acquire from the Company or any Company Subsidiary, or any other
obligation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary to issue, deliver or sell, or cause to be issued, delivered or
sold, any capital stock or voting securities of, or other equity interests in, the Company or any Company
Subsidiary or (iii) any restricted shares or any rights issued by, or other obligations of, the Company or any
Company Subsidiary that are linked in any way to the price of any shares of capital stock of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, the value of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any part of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary or any dividends or other distributions declared or paid on any shares of capital stock of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary (the items in clauses (i) through (iii) being referred to collectively as the
“Company Securities”). Except for acquisitions, or deemed acquisitions, of Common Stock or other equity
securities of the Company in connection with (x) the withholding of Taxes in connection with the exercise,
vesting or settlement of Company Stock Awards in accordance with the terms thereof, and (y) forfeitures of
Company Stock Awards in accordance with the terms thereof, there are not any outstanding obligations of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire any shares of capital
stock or voting securities or other equity interests of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or any securities,
interests, warrants, calls, options or other rights referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) of the immediately preceding
sentence. There are no debentures, bonds, notes or other Indebtedness of the Company having the right to vote
(or convertible into, or exchangeable for, securities having the right to vote) on any matters on which the
Company’s stockholders may vote (“Company Voting Debt”). None of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries is a party to any voting agreement with respect to the voting of any Company

A-12



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 130/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Securities. None of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party to any agreement pursuant to
which any Person is entitled to elect, designate or nominate any director of the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries. Except as set forth on Section 4.03(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter, none of the Company
Securities is owned by any of the Company Subsidiaries.

Section 4.04   Authority; Execution and Delivery; Enforceability.    The Company has all requisite corporate
power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement, to perform its obligations under this Agreement and
to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, subject, in the case of the
Merger, to the receipt of the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Common
Stock entitled to vote at the Company Stockholders Meeting (the “Company Stockholder Approval”). The
Company Board has adopted resolutions, by unanimous vote of the directors present at a meeting duly called at
which a quorum of directors of the Company was present, (i) determining that the terms of this Agreement, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fair to and in the best interests of the
Company and its stockholders, (ii) approving and declaring advisable the execution, delivery and performance of
this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and (iii)
recommending that the Company’s stockholders vote in favor of the adoption and approval of this Agreement and
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, at a duly held meeting of such
stockholders for such purpose (the “Company Stockholders Meeting”). As of the date of this Agreement, such
resolutions have not been amended or withdrawn. Except for the Company Stockholder Approval, no other
corporate proceedings on the part of the Company are necessary to authorize or adopt this Agreement or to
consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement (except for the filing of the
Certificate of Merger in accordance with the relevant provisions of the DGCL). The Company has duly executed
and delivered this Agreement and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by Parent and Merger
Sub, this Agreement constitutes the Company’s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in
accordance with its terms except, in each case, as enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,
reorganization, fraudulent transfer, moratorium or similar Laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by
general principles of equity.

Section 4.05   No Conflicts; Consents.

(a)   The execution and delivery by the Company of this Agreement does not, and the performance by it of
its obligations under this Agreement and the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement will not (i) conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with or without
notice or lapse of time, or both) under, the charter or organizational documents of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary (assuming that the Company Stockholder Approval is obtained), (ii) conflict with, or result in any
violation of or default (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, require any consent or other action
by any Person under, or give rise to a right of termination, cancellation, acceleration or other change of any right
or obligation or any loss of a benefit under, any provision of any Material Contract or Real Property Lease to
which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party or by which any of their respective properties or assets
is bound or any Permit (subject to the filings and other matters referred to in Section 4.05(b)), (iii) subject to the
filings and other matters referred to in Section 4.05(b), conflict with, or result in any violation of or default (with
or without notice or lapse of time, or both) under, any Judgment or Law, in each case applicable to the Company
or any Company Subsidiary or their respective properties or assets (assuming that the Company Stockholder
Approval is obtained), or (iv) result in the creation of any Lien upon any of the properties or assets of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries, other than, in the case of clauses (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, any matters that,
individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material
Adverse Effect.

(b)   No Consent of or from, or registration, declaration, notice or filing made to or with, or action by, any
Governmental Entity is required to be obtained or taken or made by or with respect to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement or the Company’s
performance of its obligations under this Agreement or the consummation of the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, other than (i) (A) the filing with the SEC of the Proxy Statement in
preliminary and definitive forms, and (B) the filing with the SEC of such reports under, and such other
compliance with, the Exchange Act and the Securities Act, and the rules and regulations

A-13



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 131/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

thereunder, as may be required in connection with this Agreement, the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement (including the requirement under the Exchange Act for the stockholders of the
Company to approve or disapprove, on an advisory basis, certain compensation that may become payable to the
Company’s named executive officers in connection with the completion of the Merger); (ii) (A) compliance with
and filings under the HSR Act and (B) such other Consents, registrations, declarations, notices, filings or actions
as are required to be made or obtained under the foreign Antitrust Laws as set forth on Section 4.05(b)(ii) of the
Company Disclosure Letter in order to complete the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement; (iii) the filing of the Certificate of Merger with the Delaware Secretary and appropriate documents
with the relevant authorities of the other jurisdictions in which Parent and the Company are qualified to do
business; (iv) compliance with the NYSE rules and regulations; (v) such filing of notices, updated applications
and/or change of ownership application as may be required with the FCA, CSSF and the CBI and the receipt of
required licenses, permits, certificates, approvals and/or certifications from such regulatory agencies, when
applicable; (vi) approval by FINRA under NASD Rule 1017 with respect to the indirect change of ownership of
each Broker-Dealer; (vii) written notification to the NSCC regarding the indirect acquisition of any Broker-
Dealer that is a member of the NSCC and (viii) such other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, have not
had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(c)   The Company Stockholder Approval is the only vote of the holders of any class or series of the
Company’s capital stock necessary for the adoption of this Agreement.

Section 4.06   SEC Documents; Undisclosed Liabilities.

(a)   The Company has furnished or filed all reports, schedules, forms, statements and other documents
(including exhibits and other information incorporated therein) required to be furnished or filed by the Company
with the SEC since January 1, 2016 (such documents, together with any documents filed with the SEC during
such period by the Company on a voluntary basis on a Current Report on Form 8-K including any amendments or
supplements thereto, but excluding the Proxy Statement, being collectively referred to as the “Company SEC
Documents”).

(b)   Each Company SEC Document (i) at the time filed, or, if amended or supplemented, as of the date of
the most recent amendment or supplement thereto (or in the case of Company SEC Documents that are
registration statements filed pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act, as of their respective effective
dates), complied in all material respects with all applicable requirements of SOX and the Exchange Act or the
Securities Act, as the case may be, and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder applicable to
such Company SEC Document and (ii) did not at the time it was filed (or became effective in the case of
registration statements) or if amended, modified or superseded by a filing or amendment prior to the date of this
Agreement, then at the time of such filing or amendment contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit
to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light
of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. Each of the audited and unaudited
consolidated financial statements (including the related notes and schedules thereto) of the Company included (or
incorporated by reference) in the Company SEC Documents complied at the time it was filed as to form in all
material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the published rules and regulations of the SEC
with respect thereto, was prepared in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles
(“GAAP”) (except as may be indicated in the notes thereto, or, in the case of unaudited financial statements, as
permitted by Form 10-Q or 8-K, and except that the unaudited financial statements may not contain footnotes and
are subject to normal year-end adjustments that are not expected to be material) applied on a consistent basis
during the periods involved and fairly presented in all material respects the consolidated financial position of the
Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of their respective dates, and the consolidated income, results of
their operations, changes in financial position and cash flows and, except in the case of the Company’s quarterly
report filings with the SEC on Form 10-Q, stockholders’ equity, for the periods shown (subject, in the case of the
unaudited financial statements, as permitted by Form 10-Q to the absence of footnote disclosure and to normal
year-end audit adjustments).

(c)   The forecasted projections of the Company included in Section 4.06(c) of the Company Disclosure
Letter is the most recent financial information made available, as of the date of this Agreement, to the Chief
Executive Officer of the Company with respect to the consolidated income, consolidated cash

A-14



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 132/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

balance and consolidated debt balance of the Company and its consolidated subsidiaries as of, and for the period
ending, December 31, 2017 and, to the Knowledge of the Company, was prepared from the books and records of
the Company; provided, however, the Company makes no other representation as to the accuracy or
completeness of the forecasted projections of the Company included in Section 4.06(c) of the Company
Disclosure Letter.

(d)   Except (i) as reflected or reserved against in the Company’s consolidated balance sheet as of
December 31, 2016 (or the notes thereto) included in the Company SEC Documents (the “Company Balance
Sheet”), (ii) for contractual liabilities and contractual obligations incurred in connection with this Agreement, (iii)
for liabilities and obligations that have been incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice since December 31, 2016 and (iv) for liabilities and obligations that have been discharged or paid in full
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
has any liabilities or obligations of any nature (whether accrued, absolute, contingent or otherwise). There are no
(A) unconsolidated Subsidiaries of the Company except as set forth in Section 4.06(d) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, or (B) off-balance sheet arrangements to which the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries is a party of any type required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 303(a)(4) of Regulation S-K
promulgated under the Securities Act that have not been so described in the Company SEC Documents or any
obligations of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries to enter into any such arrangements.

(e)   Each of the principal executive officer of the Company and the principal financial officer of the
Company (or each former principal executive officer of the Company and each former principal financial officer
of the Company, as applicable) has made all applicable certifications required by Rule 13a-14 or 15d-14 under
the Exchange Act, Sections 302 and 906 of SOX and the NYSE, and the statements contained in any such
certifications are true, correct and complete.

(f)   Since January 1, 2016, the Company has established and maintains a system of  “internal control over
financial reporting” (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) sufficient to provide
reasonable assurance (i) that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements
in conformity with GAAP consistently applied, (ii) that transactions are executed only in accordance with the
authorization of management and (iii) regarding prevention or timely detection of the unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the Company’s properties or assets. To the Knowledge of the Company, since January 1,
2016, neither the Company nor the Company’s independent registered accountant has identified or been aware of,
and the Company has disclosed based on its most recent evaluation of internal controls prior to the date hereof to
its auditors and audit committee, (i) any “significant deficiencies” or “material weaknesses” (both terms as
defined by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Interim Standard AU 325 parts 2 and 3) in the
design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting utilized by the Company that are reasonably
likely to adversely affect in any material respect the Company’s ability to record, process, summarize and report
financial information, and (ii) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees
who have a significant role in the Company’s internal controls over financial reporting.

(g)   The “disclosure controls and procedures” (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act) utilized by the Company are reasonably designed to ensure that material information (both
financial and non-financial) required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under
the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules
and forms of the SEC and that all such information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to
the management of the Company, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure and to
enable the chief executive officer and chief financial officer of the Company to make the certifications required
under the Exchange Act with respect to such reports.

(h)   None of the Company Subsidiaries are, or have at any time since January 1, 2016 been, subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act.

Section 4.07   Absence of Certain Changes or Events.

(a)   Since December 31, 2016, there has not occurred any event, change or occurrence that, individually or
in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect. From December 31,
2016 to the date of this Agreement, each of the Company and the Company

A-15



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 133/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Subsidiaries has conducted and operated its respective business in all material respects in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice, except for the execution and delivery of this Agreement.

(b)   From December 31, 2016 until the date hereof, there has not been any action taken by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries that, if taken during the period from the date of this Agreement through the Effective Time
without Parent’s consent, would constitute a breach of Section 5.01 (a)-(d), (k), (o) and (p).

Section 4.08   Taxes.

(a)   Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary has timely filed or has caused to be timely filed all
material Tax Returns required to be filed by or with respect to it and/or any of its Subsidiaries (taking into
account any valid extension of time within which to file), and all such material Tax Returns are in a form that is
in accordance with applicable Tax Law and are true and correct in all material respects.

(b)   Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary has either fully and timely paid or caused to be
fully and timely paid all material Taxes due and owing by the Company and its Subsidiaries (including any Taxes
required to be withheld from amounts owing to any employee, creditor or other Person), other than Taxes that are
being contested in good faith and for which adequate reserves have been established in accordance with GAAP.

(c)   (i) There is not pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened any audit, examination, claim,
or notice of deficiency in respect of any material Taxes or material Tax assets of the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, (ii) there are no Liens for material Taxes on any of the assets, rights or properties of the Company or
any Company Subsidiary other than Permitted Liens, (iii) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has
waived any statute of limitations with respect to material Taxes or agreed to any extension of time with respect to
a material Tax assessment or deficiency, (iv) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has entered into
any “listed transaction” within the meaning of Treasury Regulation Section 1.6011-4(b)(2) (or any similar
provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law), (v) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has any material
liability for the Taxes of another Person (pursuant to Treasury Regulation Section 1.1502-6 (or any similar
provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law)) or otherwise by reason of  (A) being a member of an affiliated,
consolidated, combined or unitary group (other than a group of which the Company is or was the common
parent) or otherwise as a transferee or successor or (B) being party to any Tax sharing or Tax indemnification
agreement or other similar agreement (other than an agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business the
principal purpose of which is not the sharing, assumption or indemnification of Tax), (vi) no claim has been made
by a Governmental Entity in a jurisdiction where the Company or any Company Subsidiary, as applicable, does
not file Tax Returns that it is or may be subject to taxation by that jurisdiction, (vii) none of the Company or its
Subsidiaries will be required to include any material item of income in, or to exclude any material item of
deductions from, taxable income from any taxable period (or portion thereof) ending after the Closing as a result
of any (A) change in method of accounting, (B) closing agreement, (C) intercompany transaction, intercompany
account, or excess loss account described in Treasury Regulations under Section 1502 of the Code (or any
corresponding provision of state, local or non-U.S. Tax Law), (D) installment sale or open transaction disposition
made on or prior to the Closing, (E) prepaid amount received on or prior to the Closing or (F) election under
Section 108(i) of the Code, and (viii) to the Knowledge of the Company, with respect to all material transactions
between the Company and its Subsidiaries, the Company has prepared or caused to have been prepared sufficient
documentation to provide a level of comfort to the Company of at least a “more likely than not” standard that the
transfer prices for such transactions (x) comply with applicable Law and (y) satisfy the requirements necessary to
mitigate potential penalties under Section 6662 of the Code for all fiscal years ended December 31, 2013 and
thereafter.

(d)   During the two-year period ending on the date hereof, neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries
was a distributing corporation or a controlled corporation in a transaction intended to be governed by Section 355
of the Code.

Section 4.09   Employee Benefits; Labor Matters.

(a)   Section 4.09(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter contains a true, correct and complete list identifying
each material Plan. For each such Plan, the Company has provided to Parent a true, correct and complete copy of
such plan (or a description, if such plan is not written) and all amendments thereto and,

A-16



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 134/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

as applicable, (i) all trust agreements, insurance contracts or other funding arrangements and amendments thereto,
(ii) the current prospectus or summary plan description and all summaries of material modifications, (iii) the most
recent favorable determination or opinion letter from the IRS, (iv) the most recently filed annual return/report
(Form 5500) and accompanying schedules and attachments thereto, (v) the most recently prepared actuarial
report and financial statements and (vi) if such plan is an International Plan, documents that are substantially
comparable (taking into account differences in applicable Law and practices) to the documents required to be
provided in clauses (i) through (v).

(b)   The Company has provided to Parent (i) a schedule that sets forth, for each Key Employee, director and
independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, his or her name, title, annual base salary, most
recent annual bonus received, current annual bonus opportunity, hire date, location, whether full- or part-time,
and whether active or on leave, and (B) and (ii) a schedule that sets forth, for all other employees of the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, an anonymized list indicating his or her title, annual base salary, hire date, location,
whether full- or part-time, and whether active or on leave (collectively, the “Employee Census”). As of the date
of this Agreement, no Key Employee has indicated to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that he or she
intends to resign or retire as a result of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise within one
(1) year after the Closing Date.

(c)   (i) Each Plan has been maintained, operated, and administered in all material respects in accordance
with its terms and the requirements of all applicable Laws, including ERISA and the Code, and (ii) except as
would not reasonably be expected to result in a material liability to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries,
individually or in the aggregate, no nonexempt “prohibited transaction” (within the meaning of Section 4975 of
the Code and Section 406 of ERISA) has occurred or, to the Knowledge of the Company, is reasonably expected
to occur with respect to any Plan.

(d)   Each Plan intended to be qualified under Section 401(a) of the Code is so qualified and has been
determined by the IRS to be so qualified, and each trust created thereunder has been determined by the IRS to be
exempt from Tax under the provisions of Section 501(a) of the Code, and nothing has occurred since the date of
any such determination that could reasonably be expected to adversely affect the qualification of such Plan.

(e)   Except as could not be reasonably expected to result in material liability to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary, each Plan, and any award thereunder, that is or forms part of a “nonqualified deferred
compensation plan” within the meaning of Sections 409A or 457A of the Code has been maintained, in form and
operation, in compliance with all applicable requirements of Sections 409A and 457A of the Code. Neither the
Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has any obligation to gross-up, indemnify or otherwise reimburse any
current or former employee, director, officer or independent contractor of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries
for any Tax incurred by such individual, including under Sections 409A, 457A or 4999 of the Code.

(f)   Other than routine claims for benefits, there are no suits, claims, proceedings, actions, governmental
audits or investigations that are pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, against or involving
any Plan.

(g)   Neither the Company nor any ERISA Affiliate currently has, or within the six-year period immediately
prior to the date of this Agreement, had, an obligation to contribute to a “defined benefit plan” as defined in
Section 3(35) of ERISA, a pension plan subject to the funding standards of Section 302 of ERISA or Section 412
of the Code or a “multiemployer plan” as defined in Section 3(37) of ERISA or Section 414(f) of the Code. No
liability under Title IV or Section 302 of ERISA has been incurred by the Company or any ERISA Affiliate that
has not been satisfied in full, and, no condition exists that would reasonably be expected to present a material risk
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries of incurring any such liability.

(h)   Except as set forth in Section 4.09(h) of the Company Disclosure Letter, no Plan provides for post-
retirement or other post-employment welfare benefits (other than health care continuation coverage (i) as required
by Section 4980B of the Code or similar state or local Law or (ii) health care coverage through the end of the
calendar month in which a termination of employment occurs).

(i)   Except as set forth in Section 4.09(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, neither the execution by the
Company of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby will

A-17



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 135/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(either alone or in combination with a subsequent termination of employment or other event) result in the
payment of any amount, that would, individually or in combination with any other payment, constitute an “excess
parachute payment,” as defined in Section 280G(b)(1) of the Code.

(j)   Except as set forth in Section 4.09(j) of the Company Disclosure Letter or as provided for in this
Agreement, neither the execution or delivery of this Agreement nor the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby will (either alone or together with the occurrence of any additional or subsequent events)
(i) entitle any current or former employee, director, or individual independent contractor of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary to any payment of compensation or benefits from the Company or any Company
Subsidiary; (ii) increase the amount of compensation or benefits due to any such individual; or (iii) accelerate the
vesting, funding or time of payment of any compensation, equity award or other benefit.

(k)   Each International Plan (i) has been maintained in all material respects in accordance with its terms and
applicable Laws, (ii) if intended to qualify for special tax treatment, meets all the requirements for such
treatment, and (iii) if required, to any extent, to be funded, book-reserved or secured by an insurance policy, is
fully funded, book-reserved or secured by an insurance policy, as applicable, based on reasonable actuarial
assumptions in accordance with applicable accounting principles.

(l)   None of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is or has been within the past three (3) years a party
to, bound by, or in the process of negotiating, any labor or collective bargaining agreement with any labor union
or other labor organization. There are no labor unions or other labor organizations representing, or, to the
Knowledge of the Company, purporting to represent or attempting to represent, any employee of the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries in their capacities as such, nor has any such action or attempt occurred within the past
three (3) years. There is no pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in writing labor strike,
dispute, walkout, work stoppage, picketing, hand billing, slowdown or lockout against the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and no such strike, dispute, walkout, work stoppage, picketing, hand billing, slowdown or lockout
has occurred within the past three (3) years. The consent or consultation of, or the rendering of formal advice by,
any labor or trade union, works council or other employee representative body is not required for the Company to
enter into this Agreement or to consummate any of the transactions contemplated hereby.

(m)   Except as has not and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a
Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and each of its Subsidiaries is, and has been since January 1,
2013, in compliance with WARN and has no liabilities or other obligations thereunder.

(n)   Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Company
Material Adverse Effect: (i) there are no unfair labor practice charges, arbitrations, suits, claims, actions, charges,
litigations or other proceedings or grievances currently pending relating to any current or former employee or
individual independent contractor of the Company or any Company Subsidiary and (ii) each of the Company and
each Company Subsidiary is in compliance with all applicable Laws and Company policies relating to
employment, including Laws relating to discrimination, hours of work, the payment of wages or overtime wages,
payment and withholding of Taxes, health and safety, immigration, disability rights or benefits, equal opportunity,
plant closures and layoffs, affirmative action, workers’ compensation, labor relations, employee leave issues and
unemployment insurance.

(o)   Except as would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to result in a Company
Material Adverse Effect: (i) each individual who performs services for the Company or any Company Subsidiary
has been properly classified as an employee or an independent contractor, (ii) none of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary has any liability by reason of an individual who performs or performed services for the
Company or any Company Subsidiary in any capacity being improperly excluded from participating in a Plan,
and (iii) each employee of the Company or any Company Subsidiary has been properly classified as “exempt” or
“nonexempt” under applicable Law.

(p)   The Company and each Company Subsidiary are not delinquent in material payments to any employees
or former employees for any services or amounts required to be reimbursed or otherwise paid.

(q)   To the Knowledge of the Company, no Key Employee is in any material respect in violation of any term
of any employment agreement, nondisclosure agreement, common law nondisclosure obligation, fiduciary duty,
noncompetition agreement, restrictive covenant, Company policy or other obligation to any

A-18



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 136/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

third party as related to their employment with the Company. To the Knowledge of the Company, no current or
former employee or independent contractor of the Company or its Subsidiaries is in any material respect in
violation of any term of any employment agreement, nondisclosure agreement, common law nondisclosure
obligation, fiduciary duty, noncompetition agreement, restrictive covenant or other obligation to the Company or
its Subsidiaries.

Section 4.10   Litigation.    There is no suit, action or other proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the
Company, threatened against the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any Public Fund or any of their
respective former or current officers, directors or employees or properties or assets that, individually or in the
aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, nor is there any
Judgment outstanding against or, to the Knowledge of the Company, investigation or inquiry in each case that is
threatened or pending by any Governmental Entity involving the Company, any Company Subsidiary, any Public
Fund or any of their respective former or current officers, directors or employees or properties or assets that,
individually or in the aggregate, has had or would reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

Section 4.11   Compliance with Applicable Laws.

(a)   Except as has not had and would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2015, the business of the Company, the Company
Subsidiaries and the Public Funds has been conducted in accordance with all Laws applicable thereto and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, none of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any Public Fund is under any
investigation with respect to or has been threatened to be charged with or given notice of any violation of any
applicable Law. Except as would not be reasonably expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2015, (i) the Company, the Company Subsidiaries and the Public Funds
have each at all times maintained and been in compliance with all Permits required by all Laws applicable thereto
(and a true, correct and complete list of all such material Permits is set forth in Section 4.11(a)(i) of the Company
Disclosure Letter), (ii) all such Permits are in full force and effect and are not limited in duration or subject to
conditions and (iii) no suspension or cancellation of any such Permit of the Company, the Company Subsidiaries
or the Public Funds is pending or threatened. No event or condition has occurred or exists which would result in a
violation of, breach, default or loss of a benefit under, or acceleration of an obligation of the Company, any of the
Company Subsidiaries or any Public Fund under, or variation, suspension, revocation or non-renewal or non-
variation by request of, any Permit (in each case, with or without notice or lapse of time or both), except as has
not had and would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect.

(b)   Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary (i) is, and at all times required since January 1,
2015 has been, registered as an investment adviser or community trading advisor with (A) the SEC if such
registration is required and (B) with each other Governmental Entity in each jurisdiction in which such
registration is required, (ii) is and has been in compliance with the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended,
and the Investment Company Act if such compliance is required, and (iii) is, and at all times required since
January 1, 2013 has been, a member in good standing of all self-regulatory organizations in which its
membership is required in order to conduct its business as now conducted, except, in the case of clauses (i), (ii)
and (iii), where the failure to be so registered, in compliance, or in good standing has not had or would not
reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the
Public Funds is, and at all times required since January 1, 2015 has been, (x) registered as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act and (y) in compliance with the Investment Company Act in all
material respects. All interests in the Public Funds have been offered and sold in accordance with the Securities
Act, the Investment Company Act and all other applicable Law in all material respects.

(c)   Each Broker-Dealer is, and since January 1, 2015 has been, duly registered as a broker-dealer with the
SEC, admitted to membership in FINRA, and duly registered, licensed or qualified as a broker-dealer in each
jurisdiction where the conduct of such Broker-Dealer’s business requires such registration, licensing or
qualification, and admitted to membership in such clearing agencies as the conduct of its business requires,

A-19



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 137/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and such registrations, memberships or qualifications have not been suspended, revoked or rescinded and remain
in full force and effect. All natural persons associated with each Broker-Dealer are duly registered with FINRA
and each jurisdiction where the association of such persons with such Broker-Dealer requires such registration.

(d)   Each Transfer Agent is, and since January 1, 2015 has been, duly registered as a transfer agent with the
SEC, and such registrations have not been suspended, revoked or rescinded and remain in full force and effect.
The business of each Transfer Agent has been conducted in compliance with all material requirements of the
Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC. Except as has not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, each Transfer Agent has
filed all required reports, registrations, statements, certifications and other filings, together with any amendments
required to be made thereto prior to the date hereof with the SEC and such reports, registrations, statements or
other filings (and any amendments thereto) were true, correct and complete in all material respects when made.

(e)   To the Knowledge of the Company, as of the date hereof, DST Financial Services Europe Limited has
regulatory capital resources in excess of the regulatory capital requirements set out in the applicable FCA rules
and has not been given notice of any intention or demand by the FCA to materially increase the regulatory capital
requirements applicable to DST Financial Services Europe Limited or take any other material action or impose
other material requirements in respect of such firm’s systems and controls or conduct of business, in each case in
the next 12 months.

(f)   Prior to the date hereof, the Company has made available to Parent copies of all material
correspondence to the Company or any Company Subsidiary from any Governmental Entity with jurisdiction
over the Company or any Company Subsidiary since January 1, 2015 (other than routine audits).

Section 4.12   Environmental Matters.

(a)   Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect: (i) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries (and their respective
predecessors) are, and since January 1, 2015 have been, in compliance with applicable Laws governing pollution,
the protection of human health or safety, the environment or any pollutant, contaminant, chemical or toxic,
radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous substance, waste or material (“Environmental
Law”), which compliance includes possession of required Permits under Environmental Laws; (ii) since
January 1, 2015, (A) none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (or any of their respective predecessors)
has received any notice, demand, request for information or complaint from a Governmental Entity that alleges
that the Company or any Company Subsidiary is in violation of applicable Environmental Law, and (B) no
Judgment is outstanding or otherwise in effect, no penalty has been assessed and no action, suit, investigation or
proceeding is pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened, with respect to the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective predecessors) that relates to or arises out of any Environmental Law or
Hazardous Substance; (iii) there are no unresolved legal or administrative proceedings pending alleging that the
Company or any Company Subsidiary is liable for response actions to address a “release” as such term is defined
in the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, 42 U.S.C. §§ 9601 et seq., of
any pollutant, contaminant, chemical or toxic, radioactive, ignitable, corrosive, reactive or otherwise hazardous
substance, waste or material (a “Hazardous Substance”); and (iv) no Hazardous Substance has been Released at,
on, under, to or from (A) any property or facility currently owned, leased or operated by the Company or any of
its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective predecessors), (B) any property previously owned, leased, or operated
by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their respective predecessors), to the extent such Release
occurred during the time of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries’ (or any of their respective predecessors’)
ownership, lease or operation or (C) any property or facility to which any Hazardous Substance has been
transported for disposal or treatment by or on behalf of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (or any of their
respective predecessors), in the case of clauses (A), (B) and (C), which would reasonably be expected to require
investigation, remediation or other response action under Environmental Law by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries.

(b)   Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries own, lease or operate any properties in New Jersey or
Connecticut.

A-20



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 138/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.13   Contracts.

(a)   As of the date of this Agreement, none of the Company or any Company Subsidiary is a party to any
Contract required to be filed by the Company as a “material contract” pursuant to Item 601(b)(10) of
Regulation S-K under the Securities Act (a “Filed Company Contract”) that has not been so filed.

(b)   Except for this Agreement, Section 4.13(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the date
of this Agreement, a true, correct and complete list, and the Company has, subject to applicable Law, made
available prior to the date hereof  (it being acknowledged by Parent and Merger Sub that each Contract filed by
the Company with the SEC in unredacted form shall be deemed to have been available to Parent and Merger Sub)
to Parent true, correct and complete (in all material respects) copies, of:

(i)   each Contract to which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party that restricts in
any material respect the ability of the Company or any Company Subsidiaries (or would, after the Closing,
restrict in any material respect the ability of Parent or any of its Subsidiaries) to compete in any line of
business or geographic area;

(ii)   each Contract relating to Indebtedness of the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries with a
principal amount in excess of  $15,000,000 (whether outstanding or that may be incurred by its terms) other
than any such agreement solely between or among the Company and the wholly owned Company
Subsidiaries or between or among wholly owned Company Subsidiaries;

(iii)   each material partnership, joint venture, strategic alliance, collaboration, or similar Contract to
which the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries is a party;

(iv)   each material Contract between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, on the one hand, and, on
the other hand, any (A) Key Employee or director of either the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries, (B) record or beneficial owner of more than 5% of the shares of Common Stock outstanding as
of the date of this Agreement or (C) to the Knowledge of the Company, any affiliate of any such executive
officer, director or owner (other than the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries), in each case, other
than any Contract with the Company’s executive officers or directors consisting of award agreements
entered into pursuant to any Plan, in each case, entered into on the Company’s standard forms;

(v)   each Contract relating to the disposition or acquisition by the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries, with material obligations remaining to be performed or material liabilities continuing after the
date of this Agreement, of any business or any material amount of assets;

(vi)   each Contract between the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the one hand, and, on the
other hand, a (x) top ten (10) customer in the Healthcare Services segment (as defined in the Company’s
Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2017), (y) top ten (10) customer in the Domestic
Financial Services segment (as defined in the Company’s Quarterly Report for the quarter ended
September 30, 2017) and (z) top ten (10) customer in the International Financial Services segment (as
defined in the Company’s Quarterly Report for the quarter ended September 30, 2017), in each case, based
on aggregate sales revenue of the Company and its Subsidiaries for the twelve-month period ended
December 31, 2017;

(vii)   each Contract between the Company or any Company Subsidiary, on the one hand, and, on the
other hand, a top ten (10) vendor based on the aggregate amount expended by the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries to purchase services during the year ended December 31, 2017;

(viii)   each Contract containing a grant of license, sublicense or any other right to the Company or any
Company Subsidiary of any material Company Licensed IP (other than Contracts (A) in which grants of
Intellectual Property Rights are incidental and not material to such Contracts and (B) concerning generally
commercially available hardware or software pursuant to shrink-wrap, click-through or other standard
licensing terms and non-discriminatory pricing terms);

(ix)   each Contract containing a grant of license, sublicense or any other right by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary of any material Company Owned IP to any third party (other than as ancillary to the
Company’s receipt of services or in conjunction with a sale of products or services to customers in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice);

A-21



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 139/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(x)   each Contract involving any settlement, conciliation or similar agreement that is with any
Governmental Entity, (A) pursuant to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary is obligated after the
date of this Agreement to make any payment to a Governmental Entity, (B) that would otherwise limit the
operation of the Company or any Company Subsidiary (or Parent or any of its other Affiliates) in any
material respect after the Closing or (C) that imposes any injunctive or other equitable relief;

(xi)   each Contract obligating the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to provide indemnification (other
than arising out of ordinary course commercial agreements or pursuant to any Contract covered by
Section 4.13(b)(v)) or a guarantee that would reasonably be expected to result in payments of more than
$15,000,000;

(xii)   each Contract (A) entered into after September 30, 2017, and/or (B) that has not yet been
consummated, and involves the acquisition or disposition, directly or indirectly (by merger or otherwise), of
a business or capital stock or other equity interest of another Person or any material assets or properties;

(xiii)   any Contract that contains material exclusivity or “most favored nation” provisions binding the
Company or any of its Affiliates in favor of the counterparty, or grants any right of first refusal or right of
first offer to the counterparty to any Contract;

(xiv)   any Contract relating to any loan or other extension of credit made by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, other than (A) Contracts solely among the Company and its wholly owned Subsidiaries and (B)
accounts receivable in the ordinary course of business of the Company and its Subsidiaries consistent with
past practice (including, in the case of this clause (B), any payment terms for commercial Contracts); and

(xv)   each Collective Bargaining Agreement;

provided that the following Contracts shall not be required to be listed on Section 4.13(b) of the Company
Disclosure Letter, shall not be required to be made available to Parent pursuant to this Section 4.13(b), and shall
not be deemed a “Material Contract” for any purposes under this Agreement (whether or not a Filed Company
Contract): (1) any Plan, (2) any Contract between the Company, on the one hand, and one or more wholly owned
Company Subsidiaries, on the other hand, or between one or more wholly owned Company Subsidiaries, (3) any
Real Property Lease, which is the subject of Section 4.14 and (4) any Contracts to which Parent or any of Parent’s
Subsidiaries is a party (any such Contract in clauses (1) through (4), an “Excluded Contract”). Each Contract
described in this Section 4.13(b) and each Filed Company Contract, in each case, other than any Excluded
Contract, is referred to herein as a “Material Contract.”

(c)   Except for matters which, individually or in the aggregate, have not had and would not reasonably be
expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) each Material Contract is a valid, binding and legally
enforceable obligation of the Company or one of the Company Subsidiaries, as the case may be, and, to the
Knowledge of the Company, of the other parties thereto, except, in each case, as enforcement may be limited by
bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar Laws affecting creditors’ rights generally and by general
principles of equity, (ii) each such Material Contract is in full force and effect, (iii) none of the Company or any
of the Company Subsidiaries is (with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default under any
such Material Contract and, to the Knowledge of the Company, no other party to any such Material Contract is
(with or without notice or lapse of time, or both) in breach or default thereunder, and (iv) neither the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries has received notice that it has breached, violated or defaulted under any Material Contract,
except, in the case of clauses (i) or (ii), with respect to any Material Contract which expires by its terms (as in
effect as of the date of this Agreement) or which is terminated in accordance with the terms thereof and this
Agreement by the Company in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice.

Section 4.14   Properties.

(a)   Except as has not had and would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company or a Company Subsidiary has good and valid title to all real
property owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Owned Real Property”), free and clear

A-22



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 140/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens). Section 4.14(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth, as of the
date of this Agreement, a true, correct and complete list of the Owned Real Property.

(b)   Section 4.14(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true, correct and complete list of all
material leases, subleases and other agreements to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is a party (as
landlord or tenant) or under which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries uses or occupies or has the right to use
or occupy, now or in the future, any real property (the “Real Property Leases”). The Company has prior to the
date hereof delivered to Parent true, correct and complete copies of all Real Property Leases (including all
modifications, amendments, supplements, waivers and side letters thereto). Except for matters that have not had
and would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse
Effect, (i) each Real Property Lease is valid, binding and in full force and effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any
Company Subsidiary nor, to the Knowledge of the Company, any other party to any Real Property Lease, has
violated any provision of, or taken or failed to take any act which, with or without notice, lapse of time, or both,
would constitute a default or termination event or condition under any Real Property Lease, which has not
heretofore been cured, and neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received written notice from any
other party to a Real Property Lease alleging a default by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under any Real
Property Lease, which has not heretofore been cured, and (iii) the Company or a Company Subsidiary has a good
and valid leasehold interest in each parcel of real property leased by it free and clear of all Liens, except for (A)
those reflected or reserved against in the Company Balance Sheet and (B) Permitted Liens.

(c)   Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have good title to, or valid leasehold
interests in or valid rights to use, all property and assets reflected on the Company Balance Sheet or that were
thereafter acquired, except for properties and assets sold, consumed or otherwise disposed of since such date in
the ordinary course of business.

Section 4.15   Intellectual Property.

(a)   Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter sets forth a true and complete list (in all material
respects), as of the date hereof, of all registrations and applications for Intellectual Property Rights included in
the Company Owned IP (“Company Registered IP”), including the applicable (i) jurisdiction of
application/registration, (ii) application or registration number and (iii) date of filing or issuance; provided that,
with respect to domain names, only such domain names as are material to the business of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries are set forth on Section 4.15(a) of the Company Disclosure Letter. The Company or one of
its Subsidiaries is the sole and exclusive owner of all of the Company Registered IP, except for such exceptions as
have not resulted in, or would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect.

(b)   Except for such exceptions as have not resulted in, and would not reasonably be expected to result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, none of the Company Registered IP has
been adjudged invalid or unenforceable in whole or part, and, to the Knowledge of the Company, all such
Company Registered IP is valid and enforceable.

(c)   Except for such exceptions as have not resulted in, and would not reasonably be expected to result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company or a Company Subsidiary
owns or otherwise has the right to use all Intellectual Property Rights necessary for or otherwise material to the
conduct of the business of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as currently conducted, and in each case,
free and clear of all Liens (other than Permitted Liens); provided, however, that the foregoing representation and
warranty shall not constitute a representation or warranty with respect to any actual or alleged infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation of third party Intellectual Property Rights.

(d)   To the Knowledge of the Company, the operation of the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries
does not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate any Intellectual Property Rights owned by another Person,
and there is no suit, action or other proceeding pending or, to the Knowledge of the Company, threatened in
writing against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that alleges any such infringement, misappropriation or
other violation, except, in each case, as has not resulted in and would not

A-23



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 141/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. This
Section 4.15(d) is the sole representation and warranty herein with respect to any actual or alleged infringement,
misappropriation, or other violation of Intellectual Property Rights by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

(e)   To the Knowledge of the Company as of the date hereof, no other Person is infringing, misappropriating
or otherwise violating any Company Owned IP, and no such claims are pending or threatened in writing against
any Person by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, except, in each case, as has not resulted in and would not
reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect.

(f)   Except for such exceptions as have not resulted in, and would not reasonably be expected to result in,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, (i) the IT Assets are functional in all
material respects and operate and perform in a manner that permits the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
to conduct their respective businesses as currently conducted, (ii) the Company and the Company Subsidiaries
have taken commercially reasonable actions, consistent with current industry standards, to protect the
confidentiality, integrity and security of the IT Assets (and all information and transactions stored or contained
therein or transmitted thereby) against any unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification or corruption, (iii)
to the Knowledge of the Company, there has been no unauthorized use, access, interruption, modification,
corruption or material malfunction of any IT Assets (or any information or transactions stored or contained
therein or transmitted thereby), and (iv) to the Knowledge of the Company, the Software included in the IT
Assets is free of all viruses, worms, trojan horses and other malicious Software code designed or intended to
disrupt, disable, harm or otherwise impair the functioning of such Software or IT Assets.

(g)   Each of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries has at all times since January 1, 2015 complied in
all material respects with (i) the Company’s or such Company Subsidiary’s applicable written privacy policies, if
any, and (ii) all applicable Laws relating to privacy, data protection, security breach notification and the
collection, storage and use of personally identifiable information of its customers collected, stored, used, or held
for use by the Company or the relevant Company Subsidiary, except where the failure to be in compliance has not
had and would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material
Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and its Subsidiaries takes or has taken reasonable measures in accordance
with normal industry practice to ensure that such personally identifiable information is protected against
unauthorized access, use or modification. Since January 1, 2015, no written claims have been asserted or
threatened in writing against the Company or any Company Subsidiary alleging a violation of any Person’s
privacy or personal information or data rights or privacy Laws or any applicable Company or Company
Subsidiary privacy policies.

(h)   To the Knowledge of the Company, no Software products developed and owned by the Company or any
Company Subsidiary incorporate any Open Source Software in a manner that requires material source code
owned by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to be disclosed, licensed, publicly distributed, or dedicated to
the public, except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to result in, individually or in the
aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect. Each of the Company and each Company Subsidiary is in
compliance in all material respects with all terms and conditions applicable to any Open Source Software
incorporated into any Software products developed and owned by the Company or any Company Subsidiary,
except as has not and would not reasonably be expected to result, individually or in the aggregate, in a Company
Material Adverse Effect. Except for such exceptions as have not resulted in, and would not reasonably be
expected to result in, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries have not provided, released, disclosed or delivered any source code containing or
embodying any material Software included in the Company Owned IP to any third party (nor will any third party
have the right to receive such source code as a result of the execution or delivery of this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby), except to employees of the Company or a Company
Subsidiary, or under the terms of customary work-for-hire agreements with Software developers, in each case,
subject to obligations to keep any source code for such Software confidential.

A-24



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 142/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.16   Anti-Takeover Provisions.

(a)   Assuming the accuracy of the representation contained in Section 3.07, the Company has taken all
actions necessary to exempt the Merger, this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby from
Section 203 of the DGCL, and no further action is required by the Company Board or any committee thereof or
the stockholders of the Company to render inapplicable the provisions of Section 203 of the DGCL to the extent,
if any, such Section would otherwise be applicable to this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

(b)   Assuming the accuracy of the representation contained in Section 3.07, there is no other state anti-
takeover statute or regulation, any takeover-related provision in the Company’s organizational documents, or any
stockholder rights plan or similar agreement applicable to Parent, this Agreement or the Merger that would
prohibit or restrict the ability of the Company to enter into this Agreement or its ability to consummate the
Merger.

Section 4.17   Brokers’ Fees and Expenses.    No broker, investment banker, financial advisor or other
Person, other than Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner and Smith Incorporated (the “Company Financial Advisor”), the
fees and expenses of which will be paid by the Company, is entitled to any broker’s, finder’s, financial advisor’s
or other similar fee or commission in connection with the Merger or any of the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement based upon arrangements made by or on behalf of the Company.

Section 4.18   Questionable Payments.

(a)   Except as has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a
Company Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2013, none of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or any of
their respective directors, officers or employees, or, to the Knowledge of the Company, any agent or
Representative of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, has, in the course of his actions for, or on behalf of, any
of them (i) used any corporate funds for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expenses
relating to political activity, (ii) made any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any foreign or domestic
government official or employee, (iii) violated any provision of any of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of
1977 or any similar applicable Law of any other jurisdiction (collectively, the “Anti-Corruption Laws”) or (iv)
directly or indirectly made any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful
payment to any foreign or domestic government official or employee. Except as would not reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2013,
neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received any communication that alleges that the Company
or any of its Subsidiaries, or any of their respective Representatives, is, or may be, in violation of, or has, or may
have, any liability under, any Anti-Corruption Law. Except as would not reasonably be expected to have,
individually or in the aggregate, a Company Material Adverse Effect, the Company and its Subsidiaries have
instituted and maintain and will continue to maintain policies and procedures designed to promote and achieve
compliance with such laws and the matters referred to in this Section 4.18.

(b)   Neither the Companies or the Company Subsidiaries nor to the Knowledge of the Company any of their
respective officers, directors, or employees is a target of U.S. economic sanctions or trade controls, including but
not limited to the List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons administered by the United States
Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control (the “SDN List”). Without limitation to the foregoing,
neither the Companies or the Company Subsidiaries nor to the Knowledge of the Company any of their
respective officers, directors, or employees is (i) named on the SDN List, (ii) owned 50 percent or more or
controlled by any Person named on the SDN List or (iii) acting for or on behalf of any Person on the SDN List.

(c)   Except as would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Company
Material Adverse Effect, since January 1, 2013, the Companies and its Subsidiaries have been and are in material
compliance with all applicable export control and sanctions requirements, including sanctions administered by
the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the Treasury Department, and any orders and licenses issued thereunder,
which requirements include obtaining all proper authorizations or licenses from the Department of Commerce or
the Department of State for the export or re-export of any item, product, article, commodity or technical data.

A-25



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 143/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 4.19   Opinion of Financial Advisor.    The Company has received the oral opinion of the Company
Financial Advisor, to be confirmed in writing, and subject to the assumptions, qualification, matters and
limitations set forth therein that, as of the date of this Agreement, the Merger Consideration is fair, from a
financial point of view, to the holders of Common Stock and such opinion has not been withdrawn or modified.
Copies of such opinion will promptly be provided to Parent, solely for informational purposes, following receipt
thereof by the Company.

Section 4.20   Insurance.    Prior to the date hereof, the Company has made available to Parent a true, correct
and complete list of all material insurance policies and fidelity bonds for which the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries is a policyholder or which covers the business, operations, employees, officers, directors or assets of
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (the “Company Insurance Policies”). Except as has not had and would
not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company Material Adverse Effect, the
Company and its Subsidiaries maintain insurance coverage with reputable insurers in such amounts and covering
such risks as the Company reasonably believes, based on past experience, is adequate for the businesses and
operations of the Company and its Subsidiaries (taking into account the cost and availability of such insurance).
Except as has not had and would not, individually or in the aggregate, reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, (i) the Company Insurance Policies (A) are sufficient for compliance by the Company
and its Subsidiaries with all Material Contracts and (B) will not terminate or lapse by their terms by reason of the
consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and (ii) there is no claim by the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries pending under any of the Company Insurance Policies as to which coverage has been
questioned, denied or disputed by the underwriters of such policies or bonds or in respect of which such
underwriters have reserved their rights.

Section 4.21   No Other Representations or Warranties.

(a)   Except for the representations and warranties expressly set forth in this Article IV, neither the Company
nor any other Person on behalf of the Company makes, or has made (and the Company, on behalf of itself, each
Company Subsidiary, and their respective Affiliates and Representatives, hereby disclaims) any express or
implied representation or warranty with respect to the Company or any Company Subsidiary or with respect to
the accuracy or completeness of any information provided, or made available, to Parent, Merger Sub or any of
their Affiliates or Representatives, including with respect to their business, operations, assets, liabilities,
conditions (financial or otherwise), prospects or otherwise in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or the
other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and Parent and Merger Sub and their respective
Representatives are not relying on any representation, warranty or other information of the Company or any
Person except for those expressly set forth in Article IV. Except for the representations and warranties set forth in
Section 4.06(b), Section 4.06(c) and Section 4.06(d), neither the Company nor any Company Subsidiary or any
other Person makes (and the Company, on behalf of itself, each Company Subsidiary, and their respective
Affiliates and Representatives, hereby disclaims) any express or implied representation or warranty (including as
to completeness or accuracy) to Parent or Merger Sub with respect to, and neither the Company nor any of
Company Subsidiary or any other Person shall be subject to any liability to Parent, Merger Sub or any other
Person resulting from, the Company or any Company Subsidiary or their respective Representatives providing, or
making available, to Parent, Merger Sub or any of their Affiliates or their respective Representatives, or resulting
from the omission of, any financial estimate, financial projection, financial prediction, financial data, financial
information, or any memorandum, presentation or any other materials or information relating to the foregoing,
including any materials or information made available to Parent and/or its Representatives in connection with
presentations by the Company’s management or information made available on any “data sites”.

(b)   Except for the representations and warranties contained in Article III or in any certificate delivered by
Parent or Merger Sub to the Company, the Company acknowledges and agrees that (x) none of Parent, Parent’s
Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) or any other Person on behalf of Parent makes, or has made, any express or
implied representation or warranty with respect to Parent or Merger Sub or any of their Subsidiaries, including
with respect to their business, operations, assets, liabilities, conditions (financial or otherwise), prospects or
otherwise in connection with this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this
Agreement and the Company is not relying on any representation, warranty or other information of any Person
except for those expressly set forth in Article III and (y) no

A-26



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 144/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

person has been authorized by Parent, Parent’s Subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) or any other Person on behalf
of Parent to make any representation or warranty relating to itself or its business or otherwise in connection with
this Agreement and the Merger, and if made, such representation or warranty shall not be relied upon by the
Company as having been authorized by such entity.

(c)   Nothing in this Section 4.21 shall be deemed to preclude the Company or any Company Subsidiary
from using information provided (or omitted to be provided) to the Company by Parent or Merger Sub for
purposes of making any claim of Fraud with respect to any breach of the representations and warranties contained
in Article III.

ARTICLE V

COVENANTS RELATING TO CONDUCT OF BUSINESS

Section 5.01    Conduct of Business by the Company.    Except (i) as expressly set forth in the Company
Disclosure Letter; (ii) as expressly contemplated or required by this Agreement or as expressly required by the
terms of any Plan in effect as of the date of this Agreement; (iii) with the prior written consent of Parent (not to
be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (iv) as required by applicable Law, from the date of this
Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall, and shall cause each Company Subsidiary to, conduct the
business of the Company and each Company Subsidiary in all material respects in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice, and use its reasonable best efforts to (A) preserve intact its present business
organization, (B) maintain in effect all of its Permits, and (C) maintain satisfactory relationships with its
customers, lenders, suppliers, licensors, licensees, distributors and others having material business relationships
with it. In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing, except (1) as expressly set forth in the
Company Disclosure Letter; (2) as expressly contemplated or required by this Agreement or as expressly required
by the terms of any Plan in effect as of the date of this Agreement; (3) with the prior written consent of Parent
(not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed); or (4) as required by applicable Law, from the date of
this Agreement to the Effective Time, the Company shall not, and shall not permit any Company Subsidiary to,
do any of the following:

(a)   (i) declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distributions (whether in cash, stock or
property or any combination thereof) in respect of, any of its capital stock, other equity interests or voting
securities, other than (A) dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned Company Subsidiary to
its parent and (B) dividends or distributions made by any Company Subsidiary that is not wholly owned, directly
or indirectly, by the Company or by any joint venture of the Company or any Company Subsidiary, as required by
the organizational documents of such Company Subsidiary or such joint venture; (ii) split, combine, subdivide or
reclassify any of the Company Securities, or issue or authorize the issuance of any other securities in respect of,
in lieu of or in substitution for its capital stock, other equity interests or voting securities, other than as permitted
by Section 5.01(b); or (iii) repurchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to repurchase, redeem or otherwise
acquire, any of the Company Securities, except for acquisitions, or deemed acquisitions, of Common Stock or
other equity securities of the Company in connection with (A) the withholding of Taxes in connection with the
exercise, vesting and settlement of Company Stock Awards and (B) the acquisition by the Company of Company
Stock Awards in connection with the forfeiture or expiration of such awards;

(b)   (A) issue, deliver, sell, grant, pledge or otherwise encumber or subject to any Lien (other than Liens
imposed by applicable securities Laws), or authorize any of the foregoing with respect to, (i) any Company
Securities, in each case other than the issuance of Common Stock upon the exercise, vesting or settlement of
Company Stock Awards in each case outstanding at the close of business on the date of this Agreement and in
accordance with their terms in effect at such time or permitted to be granted to employees in 2018 in accordance
with Section 5.01(l) of the Company Disclosure Letter; or (ii) any Company Voting Debt; or (B) amend any term
of any Company Security (in each case, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise);

(c)   amend its charter, bylaws or organizational documents (whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise);

A-27



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 145/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(d)   make or adopt any change in its accounting methods, principles or practices, except insofar as may be
required by a change in GAAP or Law (or interpretations thereof);

(e)   directly or indirectly acquire or agree to acquire, whether by merger, consolidation, acquisition of stock
or assets or otherwise, in any transaction any equity interest in or business of any Person or division thereof or
any properties or assets, except (i) acquisitions pursuant to Contracts in existence on the date of this Agreement
in accordance with their terms thereof; or (ii) acquisitions in an amount (including assumed Indebtedness) not to
exceed $200,000 individually and $700,000 in the aggregate;

(f)   (i) enter into, terminate or materially amend or modify any Material Contract or Real Property Lease or
Contract that, if in effect on the date hereof, would have been a Material Contract or Real Property Lease or (ii)
waive in any material respect any term of, or waive any material default under, or release, settle or compromise
any material claim by or against the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or material liability or obligation owing
to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries under, any Material Contract or Real Property Lease;

(g)   incur any capital expenditure or any obligations or liabilities in respect thereof in excess of $2,000,000
in the aggregate, except for those contemplated by the capital expenditure budget set forth in Section 5.01(g) of
the Company Disclosure Letter;

(h)   except in relation to Liens to secure Indebtedness for borrowed money permitted to be incurred under
Section 5.01(i), sell, lease, license, mortgage, sell and leaseback or otherwise subject to any Lien (other than
Permitted Liens), or otherwise dispose of any properties or assets or any interests therein other than (i) pursuant
to Contracts in existence on the date of this Agreement in accordance with their terms thereof; (ii) in an amount
not to exceed $1,000,000 in the aggregate; (iii) with respect to transactions between the Company, on the one
hand, and any wholly owned Company Subsidiary, on the other hand, or between wholly owned Company
Subsidiaries; or (iv) with respect to Intellectual Property Rights, as permitted under Section 5.01(m);

(i)   create, incur, assume, suffer to exist or otherwise be liable with respect to any additional Indebtedness
for borrowed money or guarantees thereof, except for (i) Indebtedness incurred in the ordinary course of business
consistent with past practice under the Company Credit Agreement, the Company’s existing letter of credit
facilities or other lines of credit existing as of the date of this Agreement to be used for ordinary course business
and corporate activities; and (ii) the 4.02% Series 2017A Tranche C Senior Notes due August 6, 2025 issuable
under the Master Note Purchase Agreement;

(j)   settle or compromise, or offer or propose to settle or compromise, any (A) material litigation,
investigation, arbitration, proceeding or other claim or dispute, or release, dismiss or otherwise dispose of any
claim, liability, obligation or arbitration, other than (i) settlements, compromises, releases, dismissals or
dispositions that involve the payment of monetary damages (net of insurance proceeds actually received) in an
amount not in excess of the amount set forth on Section 5.01(j) of the Company Disclosure Letter by the
Company or any Company Subsidiary and do not impose injunctive or other equitable relief on the Company or
any of its Subsidiaries or any material restrictions on the business or operations of the Company and the
Company Subsidiaries, or (ii) claims and litigation with respect to which an insurer (but neither the Company nor
any Company Subsidiary) has the right to control the decision to settle, or (B) any litigation, arbitration,
proceeding or dispute that relates to the transactions contemplated hereby, in each case, without limiting
Section 6.06;

(k)   make, change or revoke any Tax election, change any annual tax accounting period, adopt or change
any method of tax accounting, file any amended income Tax Return or other material Tax Return or claim for a
Tax refund with respect to any income Taxes or other material Taxes, settle or compromise any material Tax
liability or material Tax refund, enter into any material closing agreement with respect to any Tax or surrender
any right to claim a material Tax refund, offset or other reduction in Tax liability, in each case other than in the
ordinary course of business with respect to client service activities;

(l)   other than as required by the terms of any Plan as in effect on the date of this Agreement, (i) increase the
compensation or benefits payable or to become payable to any current or former employees, directors, officers or
individual independent contractors of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries (except, with respect to any
employee who is not a director or Key Employee, an increase in base compensation in

A-28



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 146/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice in connection with annual compensation reviews or
ordinary course promotions, which increases in the aggregate shall not exceed $18 million); (ii) accelerate the
time of payment or vesting of any compensation, award or benefits or the funding of any payment, award or
benefit payable or to become payable to any current or former director, officer, employee or individual
independent contractor of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (iii) materially amend any Plan or adopt or
enter into any plan, agreement or arrangement that would be a Plan if in effect on the date of this Agreement; (iv)
grant or increase any severance, retention or termination pay to, or enter into or amend any retention, termination,
employment, consulting, bonus, change in control or severance agreement with, any current or former employee,
director, officer, or individual independent contractor of the Company or any Company Subsidiary; (v) grant any
equity, equity-based or other incentive award to, or discretionarily accelerate the vesting or payment of any such
award held by, any current or former employee, director, officer or individual independent contractor of the
Company or any Company Subsidiary; (vi) establish, adopt, enter into or amend any Collective Bargaining
Agreement; (vii) hire any (A) Key Employees or (B) any employee who is not a Key Employee other than in the
ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; or (viii) terminate the employment of any Key
Employees other than for cause;

(m)   sell, license, sublicense, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, abandon or permit to lapse, or create or
incur any Lien (other than Permitted Liens) on any Company Owned IP or material Company Licensed IP, except
(i) as ancillary to the Company’s receipt of services or in conjunction with a sale of products or services to
customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or (ii) otherwise in the ordinary course
of business consistent with past practice (it being understood that any internal transfer or restructuring involving
Company Owned IP will require Parent’s prior written consent);

(n)   other than in connection with actions permitted by Section 5.01(e) or Section 5.01(g), make any loans,
advances or capital contributions to, or investments in, any other Person, other than in the ordinary course of
business consistent with past practice or as required by a Governmental Entity;

(o)   fail to maintain existing material insurance policies or comparable replacement policies with respect to
the material assets, operations and activities of the Company and its Subsidiaries as is currently in effect;

(p)   adopt a plan of, or otherwise effect a, complete or partial liquidation, dissolution, merger, consolidation,
restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization; or

(q)   agree to take any of the foregoing actions.

Section 5.02   Conduct of Business by Parent.    From the date of this Agreement to the Effective Time, each
of Parent and Merger Sub shall not, and shall cause each of their respective Affiliates not to, take any actions or
omit to take any actions that would reasonably be likely to materially impair, interfere with, hinder or delay the
ability of Parent, the Company or Merger Sub to consummate the Merger and the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

Section 5.03   No Control.    Nothing contained herein shall give Parent, Merger Sub or any of their
respective Affiliates, directly or indirectly, the right to control or direct the Company’s or its Subsidiaries’
operations prior to the Effective Time, and nothing contained herein shall give the Company, directly or
indirectly, the right to control or direct Parent’s or its Subsidiaries’ operations prior to the Effective Time. Prior to
the Effective Time, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall exercise, subject to the terms and
conditions of this Agreement, complete control and supervision over its and its Subsidiaries’ respective
operations.

Section 5.04   No Solicitation by the Company; Company Board Recommendation.

(a)   Except as permitted by Section 5.04(c) or Section 5.04(d), the Company shall, and shall cause each of
the Company Subsidiaries, and its and their officers, directors, managers or employees, and shall instruct, and use
reasonable best efforts to cause, the accountants, consultants, legal counsel, financial advisors and other agents
and advisors (collectively, “Representatives”) of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries, to: (i) immediately
cease any existing solicitations, discussions or negotiations with any Persons that may be ongoing with respect to
any Alternative Proposal or any proposal that would be

A-29



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 147/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

reasonably expected to result in an Alternative Proposal; and (ii) subject to the other provisions of this
Section 5.04, not, and not to publicly announce any intention to, directly or indirectly, (A) solicit, initiate or
knowingly facilitate or knowingly encourage any inquiry, discussion, offer or request that constitutes, or would
reasonably be expected to lead to, an Alternative Proposal (it being understood and agreed that ministerial acts
that are not otherwise prohibited by this Section 5.04 (such as answering unsolicited phone calls, but not
proceeding to engage in a substantive conversation) shall not be deemed to “facilitate” for purposes of, or
otherwise constitute a violation of, this Section 5.04), (B) furnish non-public information regarding the Company
or any of the Company Subsidiaries or afford access to the business, properties, assets, books or records of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries to any Person in connection with an Alternative Proposal, (C) enter into or
participate in any discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to an Alternative Proposal, (D)
approve, agree to, accept, endorse or recommend any Alternative Proposal, (E) effect any Adverse
Recommendation Change, (F) enter into any agreement, letter of intent, term sheet or other similar instrument
providing for any Alternative Proposal (except for Acceptable Confidentiality Agreements), (G) fail to enforce or
grant any waiver or release under any standstill or similar agreement with respect to any class of equity securities
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries, or (H) approve any transaction under, or any Person becoming an
“interested stockholder” under, Section 203 of the DGCL.

(b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 5.04(a), but subject to compliance with
Section 5.04(c) and Section 5.04(d), if the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or any of its or their respective
Representatives receives a bona fide Alternative Proposal by any Person or Group that was not solicited in
violation of Section 5.04(a) at any time prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting, the Company and its
Representatives may, prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting, take the actions set forth in subsections
(i) and/or (ii) of this Section 5.04(b) if the Company Board (or any committee thereof) has determined, in its
good faith judgment (after consultation with the Company’s financial advisors and outside legal counsel), that
such Alternative Proposal constitutes or would reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal (provided
that the Company and its Representatives may contact such Person or Group prior to such conclusion to clarify
the terms and conditions thereof to determine whether such Alternative Proposal constitutes or would reasonably
be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal) and that the failure to take such action would reasonably be expected
to be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable Law: (i) furnish non-
public information to and afford access to the business, employees, officers, contracts, properties, assets, books
and records of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries to any Person in response to such Alternative
Proposal, pursuant to the prior execution of  (and the Company and/or Company Subsidiaries may enter into) an
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement (a copy of which shall be provided to Parent); and (ii) enter into and
maintain discussions or negotiations with any Person with respect to such Alternative Proposal.

(c)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Company may not take any of the
actions set forth in Section 5.04(b), unless (x) the Company shall have delivered to Parent a prior written notice
advising Parent that it intends to take such action, and, after taking such action, the Company shall continue to
advise Parent on a reasonably current basis of the status and material terms of any discussions and negotiations,
and (y) promptly (but in no event more than 24 hours) following receipt by the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries or any of their respective Representatives of any Alternative Proposal or any request for information
relating to the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or for access to the business, properties, assets, books or
records of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries by any third party that the Company has reason to believe may
be considering making, or has made, an Alternative Proposal, the Company shall advise Parent in writing of the
receipt of such Alternative Proposal or request, and subject to the existing terms of confidentiality obligations of
the Company as in place as of the date of this Agreement, the terms and conditions of any such Alternative
Proposal (including, in each case, the identity of the Person or Group making any such Alternative Proposal), and
the Company shall as reasonably promptly as practicable provide to Parent (i) a copy of any such Alternative
Proposal, if in writing; or (ii) a summary of the material terms of any such Alternative Proposal if oral. The
Company agrees that it shall substantially concurrently provide to Parent any non-public information concerning
the Company or any of its Subsidiaries that may be provided (pursuant to Section 5.04(b)) to any other Person or
Group in connection with any such Alternative Proposal that has not previously been provided to Parent. In
addition, the Company shall keep Parent reasonably informed on a prompt basis of any material developments

A-30



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 148/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

regarding any such Alternative Proposal or request or any material change to the terms or status of any such
Alternative Proposal or request (in each case in a manner that is not unduly disruptive of the Company’s ability to
conduct good faith discussions in accordance with this Section 5.04 with the party making such Alternative
Proposal and its Representatives).

(d)   Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, subject to compliance with Section 5.04(c), at any
time prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting, the Company Board may (x) fail to make, withdraw, qualify or
modify, or propose publicly to fail to make, withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner adverse to Parent, the
Company Recommendation or take any action, or make any public statement, filing or release inconsistent with
the Company Recommendation (any of the foregoing being an “Adverse Recommendation Change”) (including,
for the avoidance of doubt, recommending against the Merger or approving, endorsing or recommending any
Alternative Proposal) (A) following receipt of a Superior Proposal or (B) in response to any fact, circumstance,
occurrence, event, development, change or condition, or combination thereof, that was not known or reasonably
foreseeable to the Company as of or prior to the date hereof  (an “Intervening Event”) and (y) if the Company has
received a Superior Proposal (after taking into account the terms of any revised offer by Parent pursuant to this
Section 5.04(d)), terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d) to enter into a definitive written
agreement providing for such Superior Proposal simultaneously with the termination of this Agreement, if, in the
case of clauses (x) and (y), the Company Board has determined in good faith, after consultation with outside legal
counsel, that the failure to take such action would reasonably be expected to be inconsistent with the directors’
exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable Law; provided that the Company Board may not make an
Adverse Recommendation Change, or terminate this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d), unless:

(i)   the Company has provided prior written notice to Parent at least three Business Days in advance
(the “Notice Period”) of taking such action, which notice shall advise Parent of the circumstances giving rise
to the Adverse Recommendation Change, and (A) in the case of a Superior Proposal, that the Company
Board has received a Superior Proposal and shall include a copy of the most current version of the
agreement under which such Superior Proposal is proposed to be consummated and the identity of the
Person making the Superior Proposal, or where no such copy is available, a description of the material items
and conditions of such Superior Proposal, and (B) in the case of an Adverse Recommendation Change to be
made pursuant to an Intervening Event, a reasonably detailed description of the reasons for making such
Adverse Recommendation Change;

(ii)   during the Notice Period, the Company has negotiated with Parent in good faith (to the extent
Parent desires to so negotiate) to make such adjustments in the terms and conditions of this Agreement so
that, in the case of a Superior Proposal, such Superior Proposal ceases to constitute (in the judgment of the
Company Board) a Superior Proposal (it being understood and agreed that any amendment to the financial
terms or other material terms of such Superior Proposal shall require a new written notification from the
Company attaching a binding agreement reflecting such amendment and a new period of the longer of 
(x) 48 hours or (y) one (1) Business Day under this Section 5.04(d)), or in the case of an Intervening Event,
the failure to make such Adverse Recommendation Change (in the judgment of the Company Board after
consultation with the Company’s financial advisors and outside legal counsel) would no longer be
inconsistent with the directors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable Law; and

(iii)   the Company Board has determined in good faith, after considering the results of such
negotiations and giving effect to any proposals, amendments or modifications made or agreed to by Parent,
if any, and after consultation with the Company’s financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that, in the
case of a Superior Proposal, such Superior Proposal remains a Superior Proposal or that, in the case of an
Intervening Event, the failure to make an Adverse Recommendation Change would reasonably be expected
to be inconsistent with the directors’ exercise of their fiduciary duties under applicable Law;

provided, that, for the avoidance of doubt, notwithstanding any Adverse Recommendation Change, until the
termination of this Agreement in accordance with its terms (x) in no event may the Company (A) enter into any
agreement, letter of intent, term sheet or other similar instrument relating to an Alternative Proposal (other than
with respect to any advancement of the Company Termination Fee), (B) other than as

A-31



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 149/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

required by applicable Law, make, facilitate or provide information in connection with any SEC or other
regulatory filings in connection with the transactions contemplated by any Alternative Proposal or (B) seek any
third party Consents in connection with the transactions contemplated by any Alternative Proposal, and (y) the
Company shall otherwise remain subject to all of its obligations under this Agreement.

(e)   Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Company or the Company Board from issuing a “stop, look
and listen” communication pursuant to Rule 14d-9(f) under the Exchange Act or complying with Rule 14d-9 and
Rule 14e-2 under the Exchange Act with respect to an Alternative Proposal or from making any legally required
(based upon advice of outside counsel) disclosure to stockholders with regard to the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement or an Alternative Proposal; provided, that no such action taken or statement made that would
amount to an Adverse Recommendation Change shall be permitted, made or taken other than in compliance with
this Section 5.04. For the avoidance of doubt, a factually accurate public statement that describes the Company’s
receipt of an Alternative Proposal and the operation of this Agreement with respect thereto shall not be deemed
an Adverse Recommendation Change.

(f)   For purposes of this Agreement:

(i)   “Alternative Proposal” means any proposal or offer (whether or not in writing), with respect to any
(A) merger, consolidation, share exchange, other business combination or similar transaction involving the
Company that would result in any Person or Group beneficially owning twenty percent (20%) or more of the
outstanding equity interests of the Company or any successor or parent company thereto or any Company
Subsidiary whose assets constitute 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (B) sale, contribution or other disposition, directly or
indirectly (including by way of merger, consolidation, share exchange, other business combination,
partnership, joint venture, sale of capital stock of or other equity interests in a Company Subsidiary or
otherwise) of any business or assets of the Company or the Company Subsidiaries representing 20% or more
of the consolidated revenues, net income or assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a
whole; (C) issuance, sale or other disposition, directly or indirectly, to any Person (or the stockholders of any
Person) or Group of securities (or options, rights or warrants to purchase, or securities convertible into or
exchangeable for, such securities) representing 20% or more of the voting power of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary whose assets constitute 20% or more of the consolidated revenues, net income or
assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; (D) transaction in which any Person (or the
stockholders of any Person) shall acquire, directly or indirectly, beneficial ownership, or the right to acquire
beneficial ownership, or formation of any group which beneficially owns or has the right to acquire
beneficial ownership of, 20% or more of the Common Stock or securities (or options, rights or warrants to
purchase, or securities convertible into or exchangeable for, such securities) representing 20% or more of the
voting power of the Company or any Company Subsidiary whose assets constitute 20% or more of the
consolidated revenues, net income or assets of the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; or (E)
any combination of the foregoing (in each case, other than the Merger or the other transactions contemplated
by this Agreement).

(ii)   “Superior Proposal” means any bona fide, unsolicited, written proposal or offer made by a third
party or Group pursuant to which such third party (or, in a parent-to-parent merger involving such third
party, the stockholders of such third party) or Group would acquire, directly or indirectly, more than 50% of
the Common Stock or consolidated assets of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole;
on terms which the Company Board determines in good faith, after considering the advice of a financial
advisor of nationally recognized reputation and outside legal counsel, to be more favorable to the holders of
Common Stock than the Merger, taking into account all the terms and conditions of such proposal (including
any break-up fees, expense reimbursement provisions and conditions and timing to consummation) and this
Agreement (including any changes proposed by Parent to the terms of this Agreement) and all financial,
regulatory, legal and other aspects of such proposal, and for which financing, if a cash transaction (whether
in whole or in part), is then fully committed or reasonably determined to be available by the Company
Board.

(iii)   “Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement” means a confidentiality agreement containing terms no
less favorable (other than in any immaterial respect) to the Company than the terms set forth

A-32



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 150/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

in the Confidentiality Agreement (it being understood and hereby agreed that such confidentiality agreement
need not contain a “standstill” or similar provision that prohibits the counterparty thereto or any of its
Affiliates or Representatives from making any Alternative Proposal, acquiring the Company or taking any
other similar action); provided, however, that such confidentiality agreement shall not prohibit compliance
by the Company with any of the provisions of this Section 5.04.

ARTICLE VI

ADDITIONAL AGREEMENTS

Section 6.01   Preparation of the Proxy Statement; Company Stockholders Meeting.

(a)   As reasonably promptly as practicable following the date of this Agreement (and in no event later than
fifteen (15) Business Days following the date of this Agreement), the Company shall prepare and cause to be
filed with the SEC a proxy statement to be sent to the Company’s stockholders relating to the Company
Stockholders Meeting (together with any amendments or supplements thereto, the “Proxy Statement”). Parent
shall cooperate with the Company in the preparation of the Proxy Statement upon the reasonable request of the
Company and furnish all information concerning Parent and its Affiliates to the Company as reasonably
requested by the Company to be included in the Proxy Statement. The Company shall promptly notify Parent
upon the receipt of any comments from the SEC or any request from the SEC for amendments or supplements to
the Proxy Statement and shall provide Parent with copies of all correspondence between the Company and its
Representatives, on the one hand, and the SEC, on the other hand. The Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to respond as reasonably promptly as practicable to any comments from the SEC with respect to the Proxy
Statement, and Parent will cooperate to provide any information reasonably requested by the Company in
connection therewith. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to filing or mailing the Proxy Statement (or any
amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the SEC with respect thereto, the Company
(i) shall provide Parent an opportunity to review and comment on the Proxy Statement or response (including the
proposed final version of the Proxy Statement or response) and (ii) shall consider in good faith all comments
reasonably proposed by Parent.

(b)   If prior to the Effective Time any change occurs with respect to information supplied by Parent or its
Affiliates for inclusion in the Proxy Statement which is required to be described in an amendment of, or a
supplement to, the Proxy Statement, Parent shall reasonably promptly notify the Company of such event, and
Parent and the Company shall cooperate in the prompt filing with the SEC of any necessary amendment or
supplement to the Proxy Statement, and as required by Law, in disseminating the information contained in such
amendment or supplement to the Company’s stockholders.

(c)   If prior to the Effective Time any event occurs with respect to the Company or any Company
Subsidiary, or any change occurs with respect to other information supplied by the Company for inclusion in the
Proxy Statement, which is required to be described in an amendment of, or a supplement to, the Proxy Statement,
the Company shall reasonably promptly notify Parent of such event, and the Company shall as reasonably
promptly as practicable file any necessary amendment or supplement to the Proxy Statement with the SEC and,
as required by Law, disseminate the information contained in such amendment or supplement to the Company’s
stockholders.

(d)   The Company shall, as reasonably promptly as practicable (but in no event later than thirty-five (35)
days) after the resolution of any comments of the SEC with respect to the preliminary Proxy Statement (or
confirmation of no comment to, or further review of, the preliminary Proxy Statement by the SEC or, absent such
confirmation or further review by the SEC, the fifteenth (15 ) day after the preliminary Proxy Statement has
been filed with the SEC) (the “Clearance Date”), duly call, give notice of, convene and hold the Company
Stockholders Meeting for the purpose of  (i) seeking the Company Stockholder Approval; and (ii) in accordance
with Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, seeking advisory approval
of a proposal to the Company’s stockholders for a non-binding, advisory vote to approve certain compensation
that may become payable to the Company’s named executive officers in connection with the completion of the
Merger. In connection with the foregoing, the Company shall (x) cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed to the
Company’s stockholders as promptly as reasonably practicable after the Clearance Date; and (y) subject to
Section 5.04(d), use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the Company Stockholder Approval. The Company shall,
through the Company Board, recommend

A-33

th



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 151/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to its stockholders that they give the Company Stockholder Approval (the “Company Recommendation”) and
shall include such recommendation in the Proxy Statement, in each case, except to the extent that the Company
Board shall have made an Adverse Recommendation Change as permitted by Section 5.04(d). The Company
agrees that, unless this Agreement is terminated in accordance with its terms prior thereto, its obligations to hold
the Company Stockholders Meeting pursuant to this Section 6.01 shall not be affected by the commencement,
public proposal, public disclosure or communication to the Company of any Alternative Proposal or by the
making of any Adverse Recommendation Change by the Company Board, provided, however, that if the public
announcement of an Adverse Recommendation Change or the delivery of notice by the Company to Parent
pursuant to Section 5.04(d)(i) occurs less than 10 Business Days prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting, the
Company shall be entitled to adjourn or postpone the Company Stockholders Meeting to a date not more than 10
Business Days after the later of such event. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if on a date preceding the date on
which the Company Stockholders Meeting is scheduled, the Company reasonably believes that (i) it will not
receive proxies representing the holders of a majority of the outstanding Common Stock entitled to vote on such
matters, voting together as a single class, at a meeting duly called and held for such purpose, whether or not a
quorum is present, or (ii) it will not have enough shares of Common Stock represented to constitute a quorum
necessary to conduct the business of the Company Stockholders Meeting, the Company may postpone or adjourn,
or make one or more successive postponements or adjournments of, the Company Stockholders Meeting for the
purpose of obtaining sufficient proxies or constituting a quorum. In addition, the Company may postpone or
adjourn the Company Stockholders Meeting to allow reasonable additional time for the filing or mailing of any
supplemental or amended disclosure that the Company has determined, after consultation with outside legal
counsel, is reasonably likely to be required under applicable Law and for such supplemental or amended
disclosure to be disseminated and reviewed by stockholders of the Company prior to the Company Stockholders
Meeting.

(e)   Each of Parent and Merger Sub shall cause the information supplied in writing by or on behalf of Parent
or Merger Sub for inclusion or incorporation by reference in the Proxy Statement, at the date it is first mailed to
the Company’s stockholders or at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, not to contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to
make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading. No
representation is made by Parent or Merger Sub with respect to statements or omissions made or incorporated by
reference in the Proxy Statement based on information supplied by the Company for inclusion or incorporation
by reference therein.

(f)   The Company shall cause the Proxy Statement to (i), at the date it is first mailed to the Company’s
stockholders or at the time of the Company Stockholders Meeting, not contain any untrue statement of a material
fact or omit to state any material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements
therein, in light of the circumstances under which they are made, not misleading and (ii) comply as to form in all
material respects with the requirements of the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder. No representation is made by the Company with respect to statements or omissions made or
incorporated by reference in the Proxy Statement based on information supplied by Parent or Merger Sub in
writing for inclusion or incorporation by reference therein.

Section 6.02   Access to Information; Confidentiality.    Subject to applicable Law, the Company shall, and
shall cause each of its Subsidiaries to, afford to Parent and to the Representatives of Parent reasonable access,
upon reasonable advance notice, during the period prior to the Effective Time, to all their respective properties,
books, contracts, commitments, personnel and records and, during such period, the Company shall, and shall
cause each of its Subsidiaries to, furnish reasonably promptly to Parent (a) to the extent not publicly available, a
copy of each report, schedule, registration statement and other document filed by it during such period pursuant
to the requirements of federal or state securities laws or commission actions and (b) all other information
concerning its business, properties and personnel as Parent may reasonably request (in each case, in a manner so
as to not unduly interfere in any material respect with the normal business operations of the Company or any
Company Subsidiary; provided, that the Company will, in good faith, consider Parent’s requests for access to
information described in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.02); provided, however, that the Company shall not
be required to permit such access or make such disclosure, to the extent it determines, after consultation with
outside counsel, that such disclosure or access would reasonably be likely to (i) violate the terms of any
confidentiality agreement or other Contract

A-34



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 152/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

with a third party (provided that the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain the required consent
of such third party to such access or disclosure); (ii) result in the loss of any attorney-client privilege (provided
that the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to allow for such access or disclosure (or as much of it as
possible) in a manner that does not result in a loss of attorney-client privilege); or (iii) violate any Law (provided
that the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to provide such access or make such disclosure in a manner
that does not violate Law). Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be
required to provide any access or make any disclosure to Parent pursuant to this Section 6.02 to the extent such
access or information is reasonably pertinent to a litigation where the Company or any of its Affiliates, on the one
hand, and Parent or any of its Affiliates, on the other hand, are adverse parties. All information exchanged
pursuant to this Section 6.02 shall be subject to the confidentiality agreement, dated as of November 9, 2017,
between Parent and the Company (the “Confidentiality Agreement”), and if this Agreement is terminated prior to
the Effective Time, the Confidentiality Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in accordance with its
terms prior to giving effect to the execution of this Agreement. No information or knowledge obtained in any
investigation pursuant to this Section shall affect or be deemed to modify any representation or warranty made by
the Company hereunder.

Section 6.03   Efforts to Consummate.

(a)   Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub,
shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with each other party hereto
to take, or cause to be taken, any and all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, all things reasonably necessary,
appropriate or desirable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner practicable, the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement on the terms and subject to the conditions
hereof, including taking, or causing to be taken, all actions, and doing, or causing to be done, all things necessary,
proper or advisable under applicable Laws to satisfy the conditions set forth in Article VII and consummate and
make effective the Merger and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement as promptly as practicable,
including to obtain, or cause to be obtained, any requisite approvals, consents, authorizations, orders, exemptions
or waivers by any third Person, including preparing and filing with a Governmental Entity as reasonably
promptly as practicable all necessary applications, notices, petitions, filings, ruling requests, and other documents
and to obtain as reasonably promptly as practicable all Consents necessary or advisable to be obtained from any
Governmental Entity in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (collectively, the
“Governmental Approvals”), provided, however, that with respect to obtaining FCA Approval, such actions shall
include making any capital contribution or taking any other actions, in each case so long as taking those actions
would not (i) have a material adverse effect on the Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or Parent and
its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole or (ii) involve a shutdown or divestiture of a material portion of Parent’s United
Kingdom business. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if any civil, criminal or administrative
action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding or investigation is instituted (or threatened to be instituted)
challenging the consummation of the Merger or any other transaction contemplated by this Agreement as
violative of any Regulatory Law, it is expressly understood and agreed that Parent will defend through litigation
on the merits any claim asserted in any court with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement by
the FTC, the DOJ, the FCA or any other applicable Governmental Entity under any Regulatory Law.

(b)   Without limiting the foregoing, to the extent applicable and as required, each of the Company, Parent
and Merger Sub shall, and shall cause its Subsidiaries to, (i) file within fifteen (15) Business Days (unless
otherwise mutually agreed by Parent and the Company) an appropriate and complete filing of a Notification and
Report Form pursuant to the HSR Act with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) make any
required initial notifications to the FCA pursuant to section 178(1) of the FSMA, to the CBI pursuant to section
39 of the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and the requirements of the CBI and to the CSSF pursuant to
Article 18 of the 1993 Law, as soon as practicable and in any event within 20 Business Days (unless otherwise
mutually agreed by Parent and the Company) after the date hereof, (iii) as reasonably promptly as practicable,
make all other required filings to Governmental Entities required by this Agreement (clauses (i) through (iii) of
this Section 6.03(b), collectively the “Merger Notification Filing”), (iv) (A) to furnish as reasonably promptly as
practicable any additional information or documentation that may be requested pursuant to the HSR Act
(including responding to any “second

A-35



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 153/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

request” for additional information or documentary material under the HSR Act as promptly as reasonably
practicable), the FSMA, or any other Regulatory Law, (B) subject to Section 6.03(a), to take all other actions
necessary, proper or advisable to cause the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting periods under the
HSR Act and any other Regulatory Law as soon as possible and in any event no later than the End Date, and (C)
subject to Section 6.03(a), take or cause to be taken all other actions necessary, proper or advisable to satisfy the
FCA Approval, the CBI Approval and the CSSF Approval as soon as practicable. Subject to applicable Law, the
parties hereto shall promptly supply one another with any information that may be required in order to make such
filings or obtain such consents and approvals. Information shared among the Company, Parent and Merger Sub
pursuant to this Section 6.03 shall be subject to such confidentiality restrictions as may be reasonably requested,
including limiting information to outside counsel only or redacting commercially or competitively sensitive
information.

(c)   The Company, Parent and Merger Sub shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to: (i) promptly
notify the others of, and if in writing, furnish the others with copies of  (or, in the case of oral communications,
advise the others of the contents of) any communication to such Person from a Governmental Entity (including
any non-action, action, clearance, consent, approval or waiver, the commencement or proposed or threatened
commencement of any investigation, litigation or administrative or judicial action or proceeding under any
Regulatory Law), (ii) consult with each other in advance of any meeting or conference with the Federal Trade
Commission (the “FTC”), the United States Department of Justice (the “DOJ”), the FCA or any other
Governmental Entity or, in connection with any proceeding by a private party, with any other person, and to the
extent permitted by the FTC, the DOJ, the FCA or such other Governmental Entity or other person, give the other
party and/or its counsel the opportunity to attend and participate in such meetings and conferences and permit the
others to review and discuss in advance (and to consider in good faith any comments made by the others in
relation to) any proposed written communication to a Governmental Entity (except with respect to Taxes), (iii)
keep the others reasonably informed of any developments, requests for meetings or discussions with any
Governmental Entity in respect of any filings, investigation or inquiry concerning the Merger (including the
nature and status of any objections raised or proposed or threatened to be raised under any Regulatory Law with
respect to this Agreement, the Merger or the other transactions contemplated hereby) and (iv) permit the other
party and/or its counsel to review in advance, with reasonable time and opportunity to comment, give reasonable
consideration to the other party’s comments thereon, and consult with each other in advance of any proposed
submission, filing or communication (and documents submitted therewith) intended to be given by it to the FTC,
the DOJ, the FCA or any other Governmental Entity; provided, in each case, that with respect to any such
appearances, presentations, memoranda, briefs, arguments, opinions or proposals or such filings, presentations or
submissions, each of Parent and the Company need not supply the other (or its counsel) with copies (or in case of
oral presentations, a summary) to the extent that any applicable Law requires such party or its subsidiaries to
restrict or prohibit access to any such information, in which case, the information may be redacted (i) as
necessary to comply with applicable Law and (ii) to remove references concerning the valuation of the businesses
of Parent, the Company or their respective Subsidiaries. Parent and the Company may, as each deems advisable
and necessary, reasonably designate any competitively sensitive material to be provided to the other under this
Section 6.03(c) as “Outside Counsel Only Material.” Such materials and the information contained therein shall
be given only to the outside counsel of the recipient and will not be disclosed by such outside counsel to
employees, officers or directors of the recipient unless express permission is obtained in advance from the source
of the materials (Parent or the Company, as the case may be) or its legal counsel. Whenever any event occurs that
is required to be set forth in an amendment or supplement to any Merger Notification Filing made pursuant to
Section 6.03(b), each party hereto will promptly inform the other parties of such occurrence and cooperate in
filing with the applicable Governmental Entity such amendment or supplement.

(d)   Each party hereto shall keep the other parties hereto reasonably informed, but only to the extent that
doing so would not, in the reasonable judgment of such party, jeopardize any privilege of the party with respect
thereto regarding any such litigation, action or proceeding, it being agreed that each party will also cooperate
with the other parties to permit such inspection of or to disclose such information on a basis that does not
compromise or waive such privilege with respect thereto. Parent shall have the right to direct all matters with any
Governmental Entity consistent with its obligations hereunder. It is agreed that Parent shall make all strategic
decisions and lead all discussions, negotiations and other proceedings, and

A-36



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 154/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

coordinate all activities with respect to any requests that may be made by, or any actions, consents, undertakings,
approvals, or waivers that may be sought by or from, any Governmental Entity, including determining the
strategy for contesting, litigating or otherwise responding to objections to, or proceedings challenging, the
consummation of the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement, in each case subject to
good faith consultations with the Company reasonably in advance and in consideration of the Company’s views.
Neither Parent nor Merger Sub shall, nor shall they permit their respective Subsidiaries to, acquire or agree to
acquire any rights, assets, business, Person or division thereof (through acquisition, license, joint venture,
collaboration or otherwise), with the actual intent of increasing the risk of not obtaining, or the actual intent of
increasing the risk of materially impeding or delaying the obtaining of, any Governmental Approvals with respect
to the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(e)   In furtherance and not in limitation of Section 6.03(a) or Section 6.03(b), pursuant to NASD Rule 1017,
the Company shall cause (i) each Broker-Dealer to file with FINRA, as soon as practicable after the date hereof, a
substantially complete application seeking FINRA’s approval of the indirect change of ownership of such Broker-
Dealer to be effected as a result of the transactions contemplated hereby, use its reasonable best efforts to obtain
such approval, provide Parent and its counsel with an opportunity to review any related filings prior to their
submission and keep Parent and its counsel reasonably informed of any developments in respect of such filings,
and (ii) each Broker-Dealer that is a member of the NSCC to file with the NSCC, at least ninety (90) days prior to
Closing, a written notification regarding the indirect change of ownership of such Broker-Dealer to be effected as
a result of the transactions contemplated hereby. Parent shall provide reasonably promptly any information
reasonably necessary for completion of such applications.

(f)   To the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Company shall give prompt written notice to Parent, and
Parent shall give prompt written notice to the Company, of  (i) the occurrence, or failure to occur, of any event
which occurrence or failure to occur has resulted in or would reasonably be expected to result in the failure to
satisfy or be able to satisfy any of the conditions specified in Article VII, and such written notice shall specify the
condition which has failed or will fail to be satisfied; (ii) any written notice from any Person alleging that the
consent of such Person is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
to the extent such consent is material to the Company and the Company Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; and (iii)
any material written notice from any Governmental Entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by
this Agreement; provided that the delivery of any notice pursuant to this Section 6.03(f) shall not limit or
otherwise affect the remedies available under this Agreement to Parent or the Company.

Section 6.04   Treatment of Company Awards.

(a)   At the Closing, each vested Company Option that is outstanding and unexercised as of immediately
prior to the Closing (each, a “Vested Option”), shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of
the holder thereof, be cancelled and converted into the right to receive, as soon as reasonably practicable after the
Closing (but in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the Closing), a cash payment equal to the
product of  (x) the excess, if any, of the Merger Consideration over the exercise price per share of Common Stock
of such Vested Option, multiplied by (y) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to such Vested Option
(subject to applicable Tax withholding pursuant to Section 2.02(h)). Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent
that the exercise price per share of Common Stock of any Vested Option is equal to or greater than the Merger
Consideration (each, an “Underwater Option”), at the Closing, each such Underwater Option will be cancelled
and extinguished and the holder of such Underwater Option will not receive any payment therefor.

(b)   At the Closing, each unvested Company Option that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the
Closing (each, an “Unvested Option”), shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, cease to represent a right to acquire shares of Common Stock and shall be converted automatically
into an option to purchase the number of shares of Parent Common Stock (each, an “Adjusted Stock Option”)
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of Common Stock subject to such
Unvested Option immediately prior to the Closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each

A-37



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 155/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Adjusted Stock Option shall have an exercise price per share of Parent Common Stock (rounded up to the nearest
whole cent) equal to (1) the per share exercise price for the shares of Common Stock subject to such Unvested
Option divided by (2) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio. Each Adjusted Stock Option shall otherwise be subject
to the same terms and conditions applicable to the converted Unvested Option under the applicable Company
Stock Plan and the agreements evidencing grants thereunder, including as to vesting. Notwithstanding anything to
the contrary in the foregoing, in all cases, the exercise price of, and the number of shares subject to, each
Adjusted Stock Option shall be determined as necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code.

(c)   At the Closing, each vested Company RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the Closing (each, a
“Vested RSU”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof, be canceled
at the Closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as practicable
following the Closing (but in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the Closing) equal to the
product of  (A) the Merger Consideration and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock subject to the Vested
RSU (subject to any required Tax withholding pursuant to Section 2.02(h)); provided, that to the extent that any
such Vested RSU constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, such cash
payment shall be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the
terms of such award that will not result in the application of a tax or penalty under Section 409A of the Code.

(d)   At the Closing, each unvested Company RSU that is outstanding immediately prior to the Closing
(each, an “Unvested RSU”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder thereof,
cease to represent a right with respect to shares of Common Stock and shall be converted automatically into a
restricted stock unit with respect to a number of shares of Parent Common Stock (each, an “Adjusted RSU”)
equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the total number of shares of Common Stock subject to the
Unvested RSU immediately prior to the Closing by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any fractional
shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Adjusted RSU shall otherwise be subject to
the same terms and conditions applicable to the converted Unvested RSU under the applicable Company Stock
Plan and the agreements evidencing grants thereunder, including as to vesting.

(e)   At the Closing, each vested Company Performance Stock Unit that is outstanding immediately prior to
the Closing (each, a “Vested PSU”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the holder
thereof, be cancelled at the Closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as
soon as practicable following the Closing (but in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the
Closing) equal to the product of  (A) the Merger Consideration and (B) the number of shares of Common Stock
that would be delivered in respect of such Vested PSU based on actual performance through the Effective Time
(subject to any required Tax withholding pursuant to Section 2.02(h)); provided, that to the extent that any such
Vested PSU constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, such cash
payment shall be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted under the
terms of such award that will not result in the application of a Tax or penalty under Section 409A of the Code;

(f)   At the Closing, each unvested Company Performance Stock Unit that is outstanding immediately prior
to the Closing (each, an “Unvested PSU”) shall, by virtue of the Merger and without any action on the part of the
holder thereof, cease to represent a right with respect to shares of Common Stock and shall be converted
automatically into a restricted stock unit with respect to a number of shares of Parent Common Stock (each, an
“Adjusted PSU”) equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the number of shares of Common Stock that
would be delivered in respect of such Unvested PSU based on actual performance through the Effective Time
(which shall be equal to 124% of target for Company Performance Stock Units granted in 2016, and 200% of
target for Company Performance Stock Units granted in 2017) by (y) the Equity Award Exchange Ratio, with any
fractional shares rounded down to the next lower whole number of shares. Each Adjusted PSU shall otherwise be
subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the converted Unvested PSU under the applicable
Company Stock Plan and the agreements evidencing grants thereunder, including as to time-vesting requirements
(but excluding any performance vesting criteria).

A-38



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 156/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(g)   Each long-term cash award granted by the Company (each, a “Company Cash Award”) that is
outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing and that is vested (each, a “Vested Cash Award”), shall be
cancelled at the Closing and the holder thereof shall be entitled to receive a cash payment payable as soon as
practicable following the Closing (but in any event no later than three (3) Business Days after the Closing) in the
amount set forth in the applicable notice of grant and award agreement; provided, that to the extent that any such
Vested Cash Award constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, such
cash payment shall be paid in accordance with the applicable award’s terms and at the earliest time permitted
under the terms of such award that will not result in the application of a Tax or penalty under Section 409A of the
Code. Each unvested Company Cash Award that is outstanding as of immediately prior to the Closing shall
remain outstanding and subject to the same terms and conditions as in effect immediately prior to the Closing.

(h)   At or prior to the Effective Time, the Company, the Company Board and its compensation committee,
as applicable, shall adopt any resolutions and take all actions that are reasonably necessary to effectuate the
provisions of this Section 6.04 and Parent, the Parent Board and its compensation committee, as applicable, shall
take such actions as are reasonably necessary for the assumption by Parent of the Adjusted Stock Options,
Adjusted RSUs and Adjusted PSUs.

Section 6.05   Indemnification, Exculpation and Insurance.

(a)   For six (6) years after the Effective Time (the “Indemnity Period”), Parent agrees that all rights to
indemnification, reimbursement, advancement of legal fees and expenses and exculpation from liabilities for acts
or omissions occurring at or prior to the Effective Time now existing in favor of the current or former directors or
officers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries as provided in their respective certificates of
incorporation or bylaws (or comparable organizational documents) shall continue in full force and effect in
accordance with their terms (it being agreed that, with respect to the advancement of expenses, after the Closing
such rights shall be mandatory rather than permissive, if applicable). Parent shall cause the certificate of
incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or governing documents of the Surviving Corporation to contain
provisions with respect to indemnification, advancement of expenses and exculpation with respect to matters
existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time that are no less favorable to the current or former directors
and officers of the Company and the Company Subsidiaries than those set forth in the Company’s Certificate of
Incorporation and Bylaws as of the date of this Agreement, which provisions thereafter until the end of the
Indemnity Period shall not be amended, repealed or otherwise modified in any manner that would adversely
affect the rights thereunder of any current or former directors or officers of the Company and the Company
Subsidiaries. Without limiting the foregoing, from and after the Effective Time until the end of the Indemnity
Period, the Surviving Corporation agrees that it will indemnify and hold harmless each individual who was prior
to or is as of the date of this Agreement, or who becomes prior to the Effective Time, a director or officer of the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries or, at the request of the Company, of any Joint Venture (the
“Company Indemnified Parties”), against all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, inquiries, fines and
fees, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements, incurred in connection with any
claim, action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, (i) with respect to
matters existing or occurring at or prior to the Effective Time (including this Agreement and the transactions and
actions contemplated by this Agreement) or (ii) arising out of or pertaining to the fact that the Company
Indemnified Party is or was a director or officer of the Company or any Company Subsidiary or is or was serving
at the request of the Company or any Company Subsidiary as a director or officer of another Person prior to the
Effective Time, whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the Effective Time, to the fullest extent permitted
under applicable Law; provided, that such indemnification shall be subject to any limitation imposed from time to
time under applicable Law. In the event of any such claim, action, suit or proceeding, each Company Indemnified
Party will be entitled to advancement of expenses incurred in the defense of any such claim, action, suit or
proceeding from the Surviving Corporation, subject to any limitation imposed from time to time under applicable
Law, within 20 Business Days of receipt by the Surviving Corporation from the Company Indemnified Party of a
request therefor; provided that any person to whom expenses are advanced provides an undertaking to repay such
advances if it is ultimately determined by a final non-appealable adjudication that such person is not entitled to
indemnification.

A-39



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 157/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(b)   For a period of six years from and after the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation shall either cause
to be maintained in effect the current policies of directors’ and officers’ liability insurance maintained by the
Company or provide substitute policies for the Company and its current and former directors and officers of the
Company and the Company Subsidiaries who are currently covered by the directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance coverage currently maintained by the Company, in either case, with limits not less than the existing
coverage and having other terms not less favorable in the aggregate to the insured persons than the directors’ and
officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained by the Company with respect to claims arising from
facts or events that occurred on or before the Effective Time (with insurance carriers having at least the same or
better rating as the Company’s current insurance carrier for such insurance policies), except that in no event shall
the Surviving Corporation be required to pay with respect to such insurance policies an aggregate amount for
such six year period that is more than 300% of the annual premium most recently paid by the Company prior to
the date of this Agreement, which amount is set forth in Section 6.05(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter (the
“Maximum Amount”), and if the Surviving Corporation is unable to obtain the insurance required by this
Section 6.05(b) it shall obtain as much comparable insurance as possible within such six-year period for an
aggregate amount equal to the Maximum Amount. In lieu of such insurance, prior to the Closing Date the
Company may, at its option (following reasonable consultation with Parent), purchase a fully prepaid “tail”
directors’ and officers’ liability insurance for the Company and its current and former directors and officers who
are currently covered by the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained by the
Company, such tail insurance to provide limits not less than the existing coverage and to have other terms not less
favorable to the insured persons than the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance coverage currently maintained
by the Company with respect to claims arising from facts or events that occurred on or before the Effective Time;
provided that in no event shall the aggregate cost of any such tail insurance exceed the Maximum Amount;
provided, further, that the Company’s procurement of such fully prepaid “tail” policy in accordance with this
sentence shall be deemed to satisfy in full the Surviving Corporation’s obligations pursuant to this
Section 6.05(b). The Surviving Corporation shall maintain such policies in full force and effect in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement.

(c)   The provisions of this Section 6.05 (i) shall survive consummation of the Merger, (ii) are intended to be
for the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, each Company Indemnified Party, his or her heirs and his or her
representatives, and (iii) are in addition to, and not in substitution for, any other rights to indemnification or
contribution that any such Person may have by contract or otherwise. Unless required by applicable Law, this
Section 6.05 may not be amended, altered or repealed after the Effective Time in such a manner as to adversely
affect the rights of any Company Indemnified Parties or any of their successors, assigns or heirs without the prior
written consent of the affected Company Indemnified Parties.

(d)   From and after the Effective Time, Parent shall guarantee the prompt payment of the obligations of the
Surviving Corporation and the Company Subsidiaries under this Section 6.05.

(e)   In the event that the Surviving Corporation or any of its successors or assigns (i) consolidates with or
merges into any other Person and is not the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or
merger or (ii) transfers or conveys all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any Person, then, and in
each such case, the Surviving Corporation shall cause proper provision to be made so that the successors and
assigns of the Surviving Corporation assume the obligations set forth in this Section 6.05.

(f)   If Parent, the Surviving Corporation or the Company is a party to any claim, action, suit or proceeding,
as a condition to indemnification or advancement of expenses under this Section 6.05 with respect to such claim,
action, suit or proceeding, each Company Indemnified Party shall cooperate with Parent and the Surviving
Corporation in the defense of such action, suit or other proceeding for which indemnification may be sought
pursuant to this Section 6.05, shall furnish or cause to be furnished records, documents, information and
testimony and shall attend such conferences, discovery proceedings, hearings, trials or appeals, as may be
reasonably requested by Parent in connection therewith. The provisions of this Section 6.05 are intended to be for
the benefit of, and will be enforceable by, any of the Company Indemnified Parties, his or his heirs and his or her
representatives.

Section 6.06   Transaction Litigation.    Subject to entry into a customary joint defense agreement, the
Company shall (i) promptly notify Parent of litigation relating to the Merger and the other transactions

A-40



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 158/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

contemplated by this Agreement, (ii) keep Parent reasonably informed with respect to the status thereof and (iii)
give Parent the opportunity to consult with the Company and participate in the defense or settlement of any
stockholder litigation against the Company, any Company Subsidiary and/or their respective directors or officers
(the “Company Parties”). None of the Company, any Company Subsidiary or any Representative of the Company
shall compromise, settle, offer to compromise or settle or come to an arrangement regarding any such stockholder
litigation, in each case unless Parent shall have consented in writing (which consent shall not be unreasonably
withheld, conditioned or delayed).

Section 6.07   Section 16 Matters.    Prior to the Effective Time, each of the Company, Parent and Merger
Sub shall take all such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of Common Stock (including derivative
securities with respect to Common Stock) or acquisitions of Parent Common Stock (including derivative
securities with respect to Parent Common Stock) resulting from the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement by each individual who is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16(a)
of the Exchange Act with respect to the Company immediately prior to the Effective Time or will be subject to
such requirements with respect to Parent to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 promulgated under the Exchange Act.

Section 6.08   Public Announcements.    Except with respect to any Adverse Recommendation Change or
announcement made pursuant to Section 5.04(e), or any dispute between the parties regarding this Agreement or
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, Parent and the Company shall provide an opportunity for the
other party to review and comment upon any press release or other public statements with respect to the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger, and shall not, and shall cause their respective
Affiliates not to, issue any such press release or make any such public statement prior to providing such
opportunity to review and comment, except as such party may reasonably conclude may be required by
applicable Law, court process or by obligations pursuant to any listing agreement with any national securities
exchange or national securities quotation system. The Company and Parent agree that the initial press release to
be issued with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be in the form heretofore agreed
to by the parties. Nothing in this Section 6.08 shall limit the ability of any party hereto to make disclosures or
announcements that are consistent in all material respects with the prior public disclosures regarding the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 6.09   Employment and Company Benefits.

(a)   Parent hereby agrees that for a period of twelve (12) months following the Effective Time (or, if earlier,
the date of termination of the applicable Continuing Employee), it shall, or it shall cause the Surviving
Corporation to provide to each employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries who continues as of the
Effective Time to be employed by Parent, the Surviving Corporation or any Subsidiary of Parent (each, a
“Continuing Employee”) compensation and benefits that are substantially comparable in the aggregate to the
compensation and benefits (other than equity compensation and other long-term incentives, change in control,
retention, transition, stay or similar arrangements) that were provided to such Continuing Employee under the
Plans immediately prior to the Effective Time; provided, however, that annual cash incentive bonuses for the
fiscal year in which the Effective Time occurs shall, with respect to the portion of such year following the
Closing Date, be determined by Parent under the terms of Parent’s annual cash incentive plans. In addition,
Parent shall honor all contractual rights to severance in accordance with their terms.

(b) For purposes of eligibility, vesting, and benefit accruals (with respect to benefit accruals, solely for the
purposes of determining accrual of vacation, paid time off, and severance benefits), under the employee benefit
plans, programs, policies and arrangements maintained by Parent or the Surviving Corporation providing benefits
to any Continuing Employee following the Effective Time (collectively, the “Parent Benefit Plans”), Parent shall,
and shall cause the Surviving Corporation to, cause service rendered by each Continuing Employee to the
Company prior to the Effective Time to be credited for such purposes to the same extent as such Continuing
Employee was entitled, prior to the Effective Time, to credit for such service under any similar Plan; provided,
however, that in no event shall Continuing Employees be entitled to service credit to the extent such service
credit would result in a duplication of benefits for the same period of service.

(c)   In addition, and without limiting the generality of the foregoing: Parent shall use reasonable best efforts
to (i) cause each Continuing Employee to be immediately eligible to participate, without any waiting

A-41



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 159/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

time, in any and all Parent Benefit Plans to the extent coverage under such Parent Benefit Plan replaces coverage
under a comparable Plan in which such Continuing Employee participated immediately before the Effective
Time; and (ii) for purposes of each Parent Benefit Plan providing medical, dental, pharmaceutical and/or vision
benefits to any Continuing Employee from and after the Effective Time, (A) cause all pre-existing condition
limitations, exclusions, waiting periods and actively-at-work requirements of such Parent Benefit Plan to be
waived for such Continuing Employee and his or her covered dependents to the extent such pre-existing
condition limitations, exclusions, waiting periods or actively-at-work requirements were waived or satisfied
under the comparable Plan and (B) recognize, or cause to be recognized, any eligible expenses incurred by such
Continuing Employee and his or her covered dependents under a comparable Plan during the portion of the plan
year prior to the Effective Time to be taken into account under such Parent Benefit Plan for purposes of satisfying
all deductible, co-insurance, co-payment and maximum out-of-pocket requirements applicable to such
Continuing Employee and his or her covered dependents for the applicable plan year as if such amounts had been
paid in accordance with such Parent Benefit Plan.

(d)   Effective as of immediately prior to the Closing, unless otherwise directed in writing by Parent at least
ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing, the Company shall take all actions reasonably necessary to terminate
the Company’s 401(k) Profit Sharing Plan (the “Company Savings Plan”) or any other Plan that is a qualified
defined contribution plan and designated by Parent at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the Closing. In the
event the Company Savings Plan is terminated, Parent shall designate a tax-qualified defined contribution
retirement plan with a cash or deferred arrangement that is sponsored by Parent or one of its Subsidiaries (the
“Parent 401(k) Plan”) that will cover Continuing Employees effective as of the Closing, and shall count service
with the Company as service with Parent for purposes of eligibility and vesting under the Parent 401(k) Plan. In
connection with the termination of the Company Savings Plan, Parent shall permit each participating Continuing
Employee to make rollover contributions of  “eligible rollover distributions” (within the meaning of
Section 401(a)(31) of the Code, including all participant loans) in cash or notes (in the case of participant loans)
in an amount equal to the eligible rollover distribution portion of the account balance distributed to each such
Continuing Employee from such plan to the Parent 401(k) Plan. The Company and Parent shall cooperate in good
faith to take any and all commercially reasonable actions needed to permit each Continuing Employee with an
outstanding loan balance under the Company Savings Plan as of the date such plan is terminated to continue to
make scheduled loan payments to the Company Savings Plan after the Closing, pending the distribution and in-
kind rollover of the promissory notes evidencing such loans from the Company Savings Plan to the Parent 401(k)
Plan, as provided in the preceding sentence, such as to prevent, to the extent reasonably possible, a deemed
distribution or loan offset with respect to such outstanding loans.

(e)   The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that all provisions contained in this Section 6.09 are included
for the sole benefit of the parties hereto, and that nothing in this Section 6.09, whether express or implied,
(i) shall create any third-party beneficiary or other rights (A) in any other Person, including any employees or
former employees of the Company or any Affiliate of the Company, any Continuing Employee, or any dependent
or beneficiary thereof, or (B) to continued employment with Parent or any of its Affiliates (including, following
the Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation), (ii) shall be treated as an amendment or other modification of any
Plan or Parent Benefit Plan, or (iii) shall limit the right of Parent or its Subsidiaries (including, following the
Effective Time, the Surviving Corporation) to amend, terminate or otherwise modify any Plan or Parent Benefit
Plan.

(f)   For annual bonuses in respect of the calendar year 2018, each participant in a Plan that is an annual cash
incentive plan (each, a “Company Incentive Plan”) shall be eligible to receive a cash bonus (the “Pre-Closing
Bonus”) in respect of such year in an amount equal to the cash bonus amount payable under the applicable
Company Incentive Plan based on the actual level of achievement of the applicable performance criteria for such
fiscal year, with (i) such bonus prorated based on the number of completed days in the performance year through
the Closing Date and (ii) such level of achievement (1) prorated based on the number of completed months in the
performance year through and including the end of the calendar month immediately preceding the month in
which the Effective Time occurs, (2) determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company Board in the
ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice (including, without limitation, adjustments, if
applicable, to account for non-recurring items pursuant to the terms of the applicable Company Incentive Plan).
Such Pre-Closing Bonus amounts shall

A-42



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 160/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

be paid, less any required withholding Taxes, on or about the date on which the Company would normally pay
annual bonuses (or, if earlier, upon a qualifying termination of employment as set forth below). In the event of an
involuntary termination of employment of a Continuing Employee (following the Effective Time and prior to the
payment of the bonus amount) under circumstances that entitle such Continuing Employee to receive severance
under the Company’s Employee Severance Plan (as in effect on the date hereof), such Continuing Employee shall
receive his or her Pre-Closing Bonus (but no other bonus payment for the portion of the year of termination
following the Closing Date unless otherwise determined by Parent in its sole discretion), which shall be paid, less
any required withholding Taxes, as soon as reasonably practicable following the date of such Continuing
Employee’s termination of employment.

(g)   By March 15, 2018, the Company shall provide Parent with the most recent annual bonus received and
the current annual bonus opportunity with respect to the employees (other than the Key Employees) listed on the
Employee Census. Five (5) Business Days prior to the Closing Date, the Company shall provide Parent with
updated versions of each of the Equity Award Schedule and the Employee Census.

Section 6.10   Merger Sub.    Parent shall cause Merger Sub to comply with and perform all of its obligations
under or relating to this Agreement, including to consummate the Merger on the terms and conditions set forth
herein.

Section 6.11   Financing.

(a) Parent acknowledges and agrees that the Company, the Subsidiaries, and their respective Representatives
shall not have any responsibility for, or incur any liability to any Person under, any financing that Parent may
raise in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any cooperation provided pursuant
to Section 6.11(g) and that Parent shall indemnify and hold harmless the Company, the Subsidiaries, and their
respective Representatives from and against any and all claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, inquiries,
fines and reasonable fees, costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees and disbursements suffered or incurred by
any of them in connection with the Financing and any information utilized in connection therewith, except with
respect to any information prepared or provided by the Company, its Subsidiaries or any of their respective
Representatives or to the extent such claims, losses, liabilities, damages, judgments, inquiries, fines and fees,
costs or expenses are determined by a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to have
resulted from the bad faith, gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Company, any of its Subsidiaries or
their respective Representatives.

(b)   Parent shall use, and shall cause its Affiliates to use, their respective reasonable best efforts to take, or
cause to be taken, all actions and to do, or cause to be done, all things necessary, proper or advisable to arrange
and obtain the proceeds of the Financing on terms and conditions, taken as a whole (including any “flex”
provisions), no less favorable in the aggregate to Parent (as determined by Parent in its sole reasonable discretion)
than the terms and conditions described in the Debt Commitment Letter, including executing and delivering all
such documents and instruments as may be reasonably required thereunder and using (and causing its Affiliates
to use) their respective reasonable best efforts to:

(i)   comply with and maintain in effect the Financing and the Debt Commitment Letter, negotiate and
enter into definitive financing agreements with respect to the Financing on the terms and conditions
contained in the Debt Commitment Letter (the “Financing Agreements”) (and comply with and maintain in
effect the Financing Agreements) so that the Financing Agreements are in effect as promptly as practicable
but in any event no later than the Closing;

(ii)   satisfy, or cause their respective Representatives to satisfy, as promptly as practicable and on a
timely basis all conditions to the Financing contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter and Financing
Agreements (including by paying any commitment fees or other fees or deposits required by the Debt
Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements);

(iii)   accept (and comply with) to the fullest extent all “flex” provisions contemplated by the Debt
Commitment Letter and the Financing Agreements;

(iv)   enforce their rights (including through litigation) under the Debt Commitment Letter and
Financing Agreements in the event of a material breach (or threatened material breach) by the Financing
Sources under the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements, including seeking specific
performance of the parties thereunder; and

A-43



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 161/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(v)   cause the Financing Sources and any other Persons providing Financing to fund the Financing no
later than the Closing;

it being understood that Parent and Merger Sub may seek to obtain financing in a private placement of securities
pursuant to available exemptions from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or in a public offering
of securities pursuant to the Securities Act in lieu of all or a portion of the Financing (and references to the
Financing in this Section 6.11 shall be deemed to include such private placement or public offering, as
applicable).

(c)   Parent shall not agree to or permit any amendment, supplement, modification or replacement of, or
grant any waiver of, any condition, remedy or other provision under any Debt Commitment Letter or Financing
Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company if such amendment, supplement, modification,
replacement or waiver would or would reasonably be expected to (i) reduce the aggregate amount of the
Financing from that contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter delivered as of the date hereof, (ii) impose
additional conditions or otherwise expand, amend or modify any of the conditions to the receipt of the Financing,
in each case in a manner that would adversely impact in any material respect the ability of Parent to obtain the
Financing, (iii) make it less likely that the Financing would be funded (including by making the conditions to
obtaining the Financing less likely to occur) or otherwise prevent or delay or impair the ability or likelihood of
Parent to timely consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, or (iv) adversely impact the
ability of Parent to enforce its rights against the other parties to the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing
Agreements. Parent shall not agree to the withdrawal, termination, repudiation or rescission of the Debt
Commitment Letter or Financing Agreement without the prior written consent of the Company, and shall not
release or consent to the termination of the obligations of the Lenders under the Debt Commitment Letter. Upon
any amendment, supplement, modification or replacement of, or waiver of, the Debt Commitment Letter or
Financing Agreement in accordance with this Section 6.11(c), Parent shall deliver a copy thereof to the Company
and references herein to “Debt Commitment Letter” and “Financing Agreements” shall include and mean such
documents as amended, supplemented, modified, replaced or waived in compliance with this Section 6.11(c), and
references to “Financing” shall include and mean the financing contemplated by the Debt Commitment Letter or
Financing Agreements as amended, supplemented, modified, replaced or waived in compliance with this
Section 6.11(c), as applicable.

(d)   Notwithstanding Section 6.11(c) above, in the event that all or any portion of the Financing becomes or
could become unavailable on the terms and conditions (including any “flex” provisions) or from the sources
contemplated in the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements for any reason or any of the Debt
Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements shall be withdrawn, terminated, repudiated or rescinded for any
reason (but without limiting the obligations of Parent in the penultimate sentence of Section 6.11(c) and in
Section 6.11(b)(iv)), (i) Parent shall promptly so notify the Company and (ii) Parent shall use its reasonable best
efforts to arrange and obtain, as promptly as practicable following the occurrence of such event (and in any event
no later than the Closing), and to negotiate and enter into definitive agreements with respect to, alternative
financing from the same or alternative sources (the “Alternative Financing”) in an amount sufficient to
consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement (or replace any unavailable portion of the
Financing), and to obtain a new financing commitment letter (including any associated engagement letter and
related Fee Letter) with respect to such Alternative Financing (collectively, the “New Debt Commitment Letter”),
true and complete copies of which shall be promptly provided to the Company (with only the fee amounts
redacted in any related Fee Letter); provided, that Parent shall not be required to obtain Alternative Financing on
terms and conditions that are materially less favorable, taken as a whole, to Parent than those in the Debt
Commitment Letter that such Alternative Financing and New Debt Commitment Letter would replace.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Alternative Financing or New Debt Commitment Letter may expand upon the
conditions precedent or contingencies to the funding of the Financing at the Closing as set forth in the Debt
Commitment Letter in effect on the date hereof or otherwise include terms (including any “flex” provisions) that
would reasonably be expected to make the likelihood that the Alternative Financing would be funded less likely
without the Company’s prior written consent. In the event any Alternative Financing is obtained and a New Debt
Commitment Letter is entered into in accordance with this Section 6.11(d), Parent shall deliver a copy thereof to
the Company and references herein to (A) “Debt Commitment Letter” shall be deemed to include and mean the
Debt Commitment Letter to the extent not superseded by a New Debt

A-44



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 162/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Commitment Letter, as the case may be, at the time in question and any New Debt Commitment Letter to the
extent then in effect, and (B) “Financing” shall include and mean the debt financing contemplated by the Debt
Commitment Letter as modified pursuant to the preceding clause (A).

(e)   Any material breach of the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements by Parent shall be
deemed a breach by Parent of this Section 6.11. Parent shall (i) furnish the Company drafts (when available) and
thereafter true and complete and executed copies of the Financing Agreements promptly upon their execution, (ii)
give the Company prompt written notice of any default, breach or threatened default or breach (or any event or
circumstance that, with or without notice, lapse of time or both, would reasonably be expected to give rise to any
default or breach) by any party to any of the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements of which
Parent or any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives becomes aware or any withdrawal, termination,
repudiation or rescission or threatened withdrawal, termination, repudiation or rescission thereof, and (iii)
otherwise keep the Company reasonably informed of the status of its efforts to arrange the Financing (or any
Alternative Financing), including by promptly informing the Company of any material dispute or disagreement
between or among parties to any of the Debt Commitment Letter or Financing Agreements with respect to the
obligation to fund the Financing or the amount of the Financing to be funded at the Closing; provided, that in no
event shall Parent be under any obligation to disclose any information pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) that would
waive the protection of attorney-client or similar privilege if Parent shall have used reasonable best efforts to
disclose such information in a way that would not waive such privilege.

(f)   Parent acknowledges and agrees that neither the obtaining of the Financing or any Alternative
Financing, nor the completion of any issuance of securities contemplated by the Financing or any Alternative
Financing, is a condition to the Closing, and reaffirms its obligation to consummate the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement irrespective and independently of the availability of the Financing or any Alternative
Financing, or the completion of any such issuance, subject to the applicable conditions set forth in Article VII.

(g)   Prior to Closing, the Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to cooperate with Parent, as
reasonably requested by Parent and at Parent’s sole expense, in its efforts to consummate the financing of the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, provided that such requested cooperation does not unreasonably
interfere with the ongoing operations of the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company. Such reasonable best
efforts shall include, to the extent reasonably requested by Parent, (i) using reasonable best efforts to, upon
reasonable advance notice, provide direct contact between prospective lenders, investors and other Financing
Sources and the senior officers of the Company and its Subsidiaries, during normal business hours and limited to
a reasonable number of times, (ii) providing assistance in preparation of appropriate and customary information
memoranda, preliminary and final offering memoranda or prospectuses, registration statements and other similar
materials customarily required in connection with obtaining such financing, (iii) using reasonable best efforts to,
upon reasonable advance notice, cause the Company’s senior management to cooperate with the marketing efforts
of Parent and the Financing Sources for such financing, including participation in a reasonable number of
management presentation sessions, due diligence sessions, drafting sessions, “road shows” and sessions with
rating agencies at reasonable times, (iv) providing assistance in obtaining any consents of third parties necessary
in connection with such financing or to extinguish existing Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries;
provided that the Company shall not be required to deliver any notice of redemption with respect to the Company
Notes prior to Closing unless the holders thereof have agreed to delivery of a conditional notice, (v) in obtaining
customary payoff letters and lien terminations to the extent necessary to allow the extinguishing of existing
Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries and the release of any Liens securing such Indebtedness, in
each case to take effect at the Effective Time, (vi) cooperating with respect to matters relating to the provision of
guarantees and pledges of collateral to take effect following the Effective Time in connection with such
financing, (vii) assisting Parent in obtaining organizational documents and customary officer’s certificates to be
delivered in connection with such financing (which certificates shall only be required to become effective at and
following the Closing), (viii) using reasonable best efforts to assist Parent in securing the cooperation of the
independent accountants of the Company and its Subsidiaries, including with respect to the delivery of customary
accountants’ comfort letters and upon reasonable advance notice, participation in customary due diligence
sessions, and (ix) providing customary financial statements of the Company necessary for the satisfaction of the
conditions set forth in

A-45



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 163/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Paragraph 6 of Exhibit D of the Debt Commitment Letter, and furnishing, as promptly as reasonably practicable
after the date hereof, such other customary financial and other information of the Company as Parent shall
reasonably request in order to consummate such Financing, including all historical financial statements and
financial data of the Company of the type required in registration statements on Form S-3 by Regulation S-X and
Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC, including customary financial data, financial statements and, to the
extent applicable with respect to such financial statements, the report of the Company’s auditors thereon and
related management discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations that would be
necessary in order to receive customary “comfort” from the Company’s auditors (such financial statements, the
“Required Information”); provided, that in no event shall the Required Information be deemed to include or shall
the Company otherwise be required to provide (A) pro forma statements or pro forma adjustments, any post-
Closing or pro forma cost savings, capitalization and other post-Closing or pro forma adjustments (and the
assumptions relating thereto) desired by Parent to be reflected in such pro forma and summary financial data or
any other information concerning the assumptions underlying the post-Closing or pro forma adjustments to be
made in such pro forma and summary financial data, which assumptions shall be the responsibility of Parent, (B)
any description of Parent or all or any component of the Financing or (C) risk factors relating to all or any
component of the Financing. The Company and its Subsidiaries shall use their reasonable best efforts to
periodically update any Required Information provided to Parent as may be customary and reasonably necessary
if any such information would be unusable under customary practices for such purposes. Notwithstanding
anything in this Agreement to the contrary, except as set forth in Section 6.12(b), (A) neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary of the Company shall be required to pay any commitment or other similar fee or, subject to
Section 6.11(a), incur or assume any other actual or potential liability or obligation in connection with the
Financing (or any Alternative Financing) prior to the Closing, (B) no director, manager, officer or employee of
the Company or any Subsidiary of the Company shall be required to take any action pursuant to this
Section 6.11(g) to the extent any such action would reasonably be expected to result in personal liability to such
director, manager, officer or employee, (C) none of the Company, any of the Subsidiaries of the Company or any
of their respective directors or officers shall be obligated to adopt resolutions or execute consents to approve or
authorize the execution of the Financing (or any Alternative Financing), provided that this clause (C) shall not
prohibit the adoption or execution of any resolutions or consents effective no earlier than the Closing Date by any
persons that shall remain or will become officers or directors of the Company or any of the Subsidiaries of the
Company as of the Effective Time, (D) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall be
required to provide cooperation to the extent that it would cause any condition to the Closing set forth in
Article VII to not be satisfied or cause any representation or warranty in this Agreement to be breached, (E)
neither the Company, nor any of the Subsidiaries of the Company or their respective directors, officers or
employees shall be obligated to execute, deliver or enter into, or perform any agreement, document or instrument,
including any Financing Agreement, with respect to the Financing that is not contingent upon the Closing or that
would be effective prior to the Closing, (F) solely with respect to the Company’s obligations in this
Section 6.11(g), neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall be required to take any action that
would reasonably be expected, in the reasonable judgment of the Company, to conflict with, or result in any
violation or breach of, any applicable Law, any material contract or obligations of confidentiality (not created in
contemplation hereof) binding on the Company or the Subsidiaries of the Company, (G) neither the Company nor
any Subsidiary of the Company shall be required to cause its counsel to deliver any legal opinion and (H) neither
the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall provide any requested authorization letter to the
Financing Sources with respect to the distribution of information provided by the Company, its Affiliates or their
respective Representatives in any offering memorandum, banker’s book, lender presentation, prospectus or
similar document prepared in connection with the Financing that does not contain customary disclaimers for the
Company, its Affiliates and their respective Representatives with respect to responsibility for the use or misuse of
the contents thereof.

(h)   In the event any Financing comprised of an issuance of securities is funded in advance of the Closing
Date and such proceeds reduce the commitment of the Financing Sources under the Senior Bridge Facility (as
defined in the Debt Commitment Letter), Parent, or its applicable Subsidiary, shall use reasonable best efforts to
keep and maintain at all times prior to the Closing Date the proceeds of such Financing in a segregated account
with such funds immediately available at all times for the purpose of making the payments required pursuant to
this Agreement; provided that if the terms of such Financing

A-46



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 164/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

require the proceeds of such Financing to be held in escrow (or similar arrangement) pending the consummation
of the transactions contemplated under this Agreement, then such proceeds may be held in escrow, solely to the
extent the conditions to the release of such funds are no more onerous than the conditions to funding the
commitments under the Debt Commitment Letter.

Section 6.12   Certain Indebtedness.

(a)   Simultaneously with the Closing, Parent may elect to repay, or cause to be repaid, any outstanding
Indebtedness of the Company and its Subsidiaries under the Company Credit Agreement, together with any
accrued interest and cash collateral thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Company in connection with
the Company Credit Agreement (including any prepayment premiums, penalties, breakage costs, termination
payments and similar obligations) by wire transfer of immediately available funds in accordance with wire
transfer instructions to be provided by the Company.

(b)   The Company shall perform all of its obligations under the 2010 Notes and 2017 Notes (collectively,
the “Company Notes”) issued by the Company pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement (in the case of the 2010
Notes) and the Master Note Purchase Agreement (in the case of the 2017 Notes) (the Note Purchase Agreement
and the Master Note Purchase Agreement hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Company Notes
Agreements”), including with respect to the consequences thereto of consummating the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement, including the Merger (including any and all notice delivery requirements related
to the Merger). In addition, and without limiting the foregoing, the Company shall:

(i)   on or prior to February 2, 2018, provide notice of a “Control Event” (as such term is defined in the
Company Notes Agreements) to all holders and beneficial owners of the Company Notes (collectively,
“Noteholders”);

(ii)   as promptly as practicable following the direction of Parent, and at Parent’s sole expense, seek the
consent of, and thereafter use reasonable best efforts to obtain and consummate as promptly as practicable,
the Noteholders and purchasers of the Tranche C Notes (as such term is defined in the Master Note Purchase
Agreement) to the extent required to amend the Company Notes Agreements to (A) add defeasance and
discharge provisions that would be customary for debt capital markets financing transactions and that will
ensure the satisfaction and discharge of all obligations of the Company and its Subsidiaries under the
Company Notes Agreements and Company Notes upon delivery of a Redemption Notice (as defined below)
to such Noteholders on the Closing Date and the concurrent deposit with an escrow agent or other third party
satisfactory to Parent and the Required Holders (the “Company Notes Escrow Agent”) of the Company
Notes Redemption Amount (as defined below), (B) remove the Company’s obligation to issue the Tranche C
Notes pursuant to the Master Note Purchase Agreement should the Closing Date occur on or before the date
such Tranche C Notes are to be issued, (C) make any other amendments that, in the reasonable judgment of
Parent, are necessary to effect the transactions contemplated by this Section 6.12(b) (collectively, the “Notes
Agreement Amendments”) and (D) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary of the Company shall be
required to cause its counsel to deliver any legal opinion. Any fee (a “Consent Fee”) to be paid to any
Noteholders as consideration for the Notes Agreement Amendments shall be determined by Parent in its sole
discretion and shall be payable by Parent. The Notes Agreement Amendments and the payment of any
Consent Fee shall be conditioned upon the Closing and shall not become effective or occur until the Closing
Date;

(iii)   on the Closing Date, send an irrevocable notice of redemption (the “Redemption Notice”) in
accordance with the terms of the Company Notes Agreements to all Noteholders to redeem in full the entire
principal amount of all outstanding Company Notes at the respective redemption prices calculated in
accordance with the Company Notes Agreements (the “Company Notes Redemption Amount”). The
Redemption Notice shall set a redemption date (the “Redemption Date”) that is fifteen (15) days from the
Closing Date or, if such day is not a Business Day (or similar term under the Company Notes Agreements),
the next succeeding Business Day. Upon delivery by the Company of the Redemption Notice to the
Noteholders, Parent shall deposit the Company Notes Redemption Amount with the Company Notes Escrow
Agent;

A-47



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 165/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iv)   take all action and prepare or cause to be prepared all documentation to effect the foregoing and to
otherwise comply with the terms of the Company Notes Agreements, including, to the extent not waived by
the Noteholders, providing other notices and offers that may be required as a result of a Change in Control
(as such term is defined in the Company Notes Agreements); and

(v)   take all other action with respect to the Company Notes reasonably requested by Parent.

(c) If requested by Parent, at or immediately prior to the Effective Time, the Company shall use its
reasonable best efforts to deliver to Parent copies of payoff letters (subject to delivery of funds as arranged by
Parent), in commercially reasonable form, with respect to any indebtedness of the Company or any of its
Subsidiaries, and shall use its reasonable best efforts to make arrangements for the release of all Liens and other
security over the Company’s and its Subsidiaries’ properties and assets securing such obligations on or
immediately prior to the Effective Time (subject to delivery of funds as arranged by Parent).

Section 6.13   Public Fund Consents; Other Client Consents.

(a)   The Company shall use its reasonable best efforts to obtain, or to cause to be obtained, (i) the necessary
approval of each Public Fund Board and (ii) the approval of the shareholders of each such Public Fund, in each
case in accordance with the provisions of Section 15 of the Investment Company Act applicable thereto and any
applicable SEC exemptive orders, of a new Advisory Agreement relating to such Public Fund, with such
agreement becoming effective immediately following the Closing and containing material terms that are, taken as
a whole, substantially similar to (and fee terms that are no less favorable to the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries than) the terms of the applicable existing Advisory Agreement with such Public Fund. In the event
that the approval of the shareholders of a Public Fund (if such shareholder approval is required under the
Investment Company Act and applicable SEC exemptive orders) of the applicable new Advisory Agreement
described in the foregoing sentence is not obtained prior to the Closing, the Company may request the Public
Fund Board of each such Public Fund to approve, in conformity with Rule 15a-4 under the Investment Company
Act, an interim Advisory Agreement relating to such Public Fund, with such agreement becoming effective
immediately following the Closing and containing material terms that are, taken as a whole, substantially similar
to (and fee terms that are no less favorable to the Company or the Company Subsidiaries than) the terms of the
applicable existing Advisory Agreement with such Public Fund (except for changes thereto to the extent
necessary to comply with Rule 15a-4 under the Investment Company Act). Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary contained herein, a failure to obtain the approvals contemplated by this Section 6.13(a) for any Public
Fund prior to the Closing, in and of itself, shall not give rise to any failure of the conditions set forth in
Section 7.03(b) to be satisfied.

(b)   With respect to each Client that is not a Public Fund, if any, the Company shall use its reasonable best
efforts to obtain the Consent (including negative Consent to the extent permitted by applicable Law and the
respective Advisory Agreement) of such Client, solely if and to the extent required by applicable Law or the
respective Advisory Agreement, to the continuation of such Advisory Agreement following the Closing on terms
that are substantially similar to (and fee terms that are no less favorable to the Company or the Company
Subsidiaries than) in effect on the date hereof.

Section 6.14   Further Assurances.   At and after the Effective Time, the officers and directors of the
Surviving Corporation shall be authorized to execute and deliver, in the name and on behalf of the Company or
Merger Sub, any deeds, bills of sale, assignments or assurances and to take and do, in the name and on behalf of
the Company or Merger Sub, any other actions and things to vest, perfect or confirm of record or otherwise in the
Surviving Corporation any and all right, title and interest in, to and under any of the rights, properties or assets of
the Company acquired or to be acquired by the Surviving Corporation as a result of, or in connection with, the
Merger.

Section 6.15   Stock Exchange De-listing; Exchange Act Deregistration.    Prior to the Effective Time, the
Company shall cooperate with Parent and use its reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions,
and do or cause to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable Laws
and the rules and policies of the NYSE to enable the de-listing by the Surviving Corporation of the Company
Stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of the Company Stock under the Exchange Act as promptly as
practicable after the Effective Time, and in any event no more than ten (10) days after the Closing Date.

A-48



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 166/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 6.16   Takeover Statutes.   If any “control share acquisition,” “fair price,” “moratorium” or other
antitakeover or similar statute or regulation shall become applicable to the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, each of the Company, Parent and Merger Sub and the respective members of their boards of directors
shall, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, use reasonable best efforts to grant such approvals and to take
such actions as are reasonably necessary so that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement may be
consummated as promptly as practicable on the terms contemplated herein and otherwise to take all such other
actions as are reasonably necessary to eliminate or minimize the effects of any such statute or regulation on the
transactions contemplated hereby.

ARTICLE VII

CONDITIONS PRECEDENT

Section 7.01   Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Effect the Merger.    The respective obligation of
each party to effect the Merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the
following conditions:

(a)   Stockholder Approval.    The Company Stockholder Approval shall have been obtained.

(b)   Antitrust Approvals.    Any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Merger under
the HSR Act shall have been terminated or shall have expired, and any required filings, consents, approvals,
authorizations, clearances or other actions under the Antitrust Laws applicable to the Merger in the jurisdictions
set forth in Section 7.01(b) of the Company Disclosure Letter shall have been made, obtained or taken, and any
applicable waiting periods thereunder shall have expired or been terminated.

(c)   European Regulatory Approvals.    Each of the FCA Approval, the CBI Approval and the CSSF
Approval shall have been obtained and be in full force and effect.

(d)   FINRA Approval.    FINRA shall have approved each application filed by a Broker-Dealer pursuant to
Section 6.03(e).

(e)   No Legal Restraints.    No applicable Law and no Judgment, preliminary, temporary or permanent, or
other legal restraint or prohibition and no action, proceeding, binding order or determination by any
Governmental Entity (collectively, the “Legal Restraints”) shall be in effect or pending that prevents or seeks to
prevent, enjoins, makes illegal or prohibits the consummation of the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement.

Section 7.02   Conditions to Obligations of the Company.    The obligations of the Company to consummate
the Merger are further subject to satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of the following
conditions:

(a)   Representations and Warranties.    (i) The representations and warranties of Parent and Merger Sub
contained herein (except for the representations and warranties contained in Section 3.01, Section 3.02 and
Section 3.05) shall be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to “materiality” or “Parent
Material Adverse Effect” set forth therein) at and as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of such date (except
to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date), except where the failure
of such representations and warranties to be true and correct (without giving effect to any limitation as to
“materiality” or “Parent Material Adverse Effect” set forth therein), individually or in the aggregate, has not had
and would not reasonably be expected to have a Parent Material Adverse Effect and (ii) the representations and
warranties of Parent and Merger Sub contained in Section 3.01, Section 3.02 and Section 3.05 shall be true and
correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent
expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such earlier date).

(b)   Performance of Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.    Parent and Merger Sub shall have performed
in all material respects all obligations required to be performed by them under this Agreement at or prior to the
Closing Date.

(c)   Parent Certificate.    Parent shall have delivered to the Company a certificate, dated as of the Closing
Date and signed by an executive officer of Parent, certifying to the effect that the conditions set forth in
Sections 7.02(a) and 7.02(b) have been satisfied.

A-49



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 167/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 7.03   Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub.    The obligations of Parent and Merger
Sub to consummate the Merger are further subject to the satisfaction or waiver on or prior to the Closing Date of
the following conditions:

(a)   Representations and Warranties.    (i) The representations and warranties of the Company contained
herein (except for the representations and warranties contained in Section 4.01 (with respect to the Company only
and excluding the third sentence of Section 4.01, Section 4.03, Section 4.04, Section 4.05(c), the first sentence of
Section 4.07(a), Section 4.16, Section 4.17 and Section 4.19) shall be true and correct (without giving effect to
any limitation as to “materiality” or “Company Material Adverse Effect” set forth therein) at and as of the
Closing Date as if made at and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which
case as of such earlier date), except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be true and correct
(without giving effect to any limitation as to “materiality” or “Company Material Adverse Effect” set forth
therein), individually or in the aggregate, has not had and would not reasonably be expected to have a Company
Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.01 (with
respect to the Company only and excluding the third sentence of Section 4.01), Section 4.04, Section 4.16,
Section 4.17 and Section 4.19 shall be true and correct in all material respects at and as of the Closing Date as if
made at and as of such date (except to the extent expressly made as of an earlier date, in which case as of such
earlier date), (iii) the representations and warranties of the Company contained in Section 4.03, Section 4.05(c)
and the first sentence of Section 4.07(a) shall be true and correct in all respects at and as of the Closing Date as if
made at and as of such date (other than any de minimis inaccuracies).

(b)   Performance of Obligations of the Company.    The Company shall have performed in all material
respects all obligations required to be performed by it under this Agreement at or prior to the Closing Date.

(c)   Company Certificates.    The Company shall have delivered to Parent (i) a certificate dated as of the
Closing Date and signed by an executive officer of the Company certifying to the effect that the conditions set
forth in Section 7.03(a) and Section 7.03(b) have been satisfied.

ARTICLE VIII

TERMINATION, AMENDMENT AND WAIVER

Section 8.01   Termination.    This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Effective Time
(except with respect to Section 8.01(d) and Section 8.01(f), whether before or after receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval):

(a)   by mutual written consent of the Company and Parent;

(b)   by either the Company or Parent:

(i)   if the Merger is not consummated on or before the End Date. The “End Date” shall mean July 11,
2018; provided, that if the Closing shall not have occurred by the End Date but on that date any of the
conditions set forth in Section 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c) or Section 7.01(d) shall not be satisfied but all other
conditions shall have been satisfied or waived (other than those conditions that by their nature are to be
satisfied at the Closing, which conditions would be capable of being satisfied at such time), then either
Parent or the Company may elect by delivery of written notice to the other party on July 11, 2018 at or prior
to 11:59 p.m. Eastern time on such date to extend the End Date to November 11, 2018, in which case such
extended date shall be the “End Date” for all purposes under this Agreement; provided, further, that the right
to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(b)(i) shall not be available to a party if its action or
failure to act constitutes a material breach or violation of any of its covenants, agreements or other
obligations hereunder and such material breach or violation has been the principal cause of or directly
resulted in (1) the failure to satisfy the conditions to the obligations of the terminating party to consummate
the Merger prior to the End Date or (2) the failure of the Closing to occur by the End Date;

(ii)   if the condition set forth in Section 7.01(e) is not satisfied and the Legal Restraint giving rise to
such non-satisfaction shall have become final and non-appealable; provided that the terminating party shall
have complied with its obligations pursuant to Section 6.03; or

A-50



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 168/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(iii)   if the Company Stockholder Approval shall not have been obtained at a duly convened Company
Stockholders Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof at which the vote was taken.

(c)   by the Company, if Parent or Merger Sub has breached any representation, warranty, covenant or
agreement contained herein, or if any representation or warranty of Parent or Merger Sub has become untrue, in
each case, such that the conditions set forth in Section 7.02(a) or Section 7.02(b), as the case may be, could not be
satisfied as of the Closing Date; provided, however, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement
pursuant to this Section 8.01(c) unless any such breach or failure to be true has not been cured within 30 days
after written notice by the Company to Parent informing Parent of such breach or failure to be true, except that no
cure period shall be required for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured prior to the End Date; and
provided, further, that the Company may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(c) if the
Company is then in breach of this Agreement in any material respect;

(d)   by the Company prior to receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval, in order to enter into a
definitive written agreement providing for a Superior Proposal in accordance with Section 5.04(d); provided that
the Company pays the Company Termination Fee prior to or simultaneously with such termination (it being
understood that the Company may enter into such definitive written agreement simultaneously with such
termination of this Agreement);

(e)   by Parent, if the Company has breached any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement contained
herein, or if any representation or warranty of the Company has become untrue, in each case, such that the
conditions set forth in Section 7.03(a) or Section 7.03(b), as the case may be, could not be satisfied as of the
Closing Date; provided, however, that Parent may not terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(e)
unless any such breach or failure to be true has not been cured within 30 days after written notice by Parent to the
Company informing the Company of such breach or failure to be true, except that no cure period shall be required
for a breach which by its nature cannot be cured prior to the End Date; and provided, further, that Parent may not
terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 8.01(e) if Parent is then in breach of this Agreement in any
material respect; or

(f)   by Parent prior to the Company Stockholders Meeting, in the event that an Adverse Recommendation
Change shall have occurred.

Section 8.02   Effect of Termination.    In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Parent or the
Company as provided in Section 8.01, this Agreement shall forthwith become void and have no effect, without
any liability or obligation on the part of the Company, Parent or Merger Sub, other than the final sentence of
Section 6.02, this Section 8.02, Section 8.03 and Article IX, which provisions shall survive such termination;
provided, however, that, except as provided in the penultimate sentence of Section 8.03(b), if  (x) such
termination resulted, directly or indirectly, from an intentional breach or Fraud (y) an intentional breach shall
cause the Closing not to occur, then, notwithstanding such termination, such breaching party shall be fully liable
for any and all damages (including Derivative Damages), costs, expenses, liabilities or losses of any kind, in each
case, incurred or suffered by the other party (collectively, “Damages”) as a result of such breach or Fraud. For
purposes of this Agreement, “intentional breach” means a breach that is a consequence of an act or omission
undertaken by the breaching party with the Knowledge that the taking of, or failure to take, such act would, or
would reasonably be expected to, cause or constitute a material breach of this Agreement; it being acknowledged
and agreed, without limitation, that any failure by any party to consummate the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement after the applicable conditions thereto have been satisfied or waived (other than
those conditions that by their nature are to be satisfied at the Closing, which conditions would be capable of being
satisfied at such time), shall constitute an intentional breach of this Agreement. Parent and Merger Sub
acknowledge and agree that, without in any way limiting the Company’s rights under Section 9.10, recoverable
damages of the Company under this Agreement shall not be limited to reimbursement of expenses or out-of-
pocket costs, and shall include the benefit of the bargain lost by the stockholders of the Company (including “lost
premium”), taking into consideration relevant matters, including the total amount payable to the Company’s
stockholders under this Agreement and the time value of money, which in each case shall be deemed in such
event to be damages of the Company and shall be recoverable by the Company on behalf of its stockholders
(“Derivative Damages”).

A-51



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 169/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Section 8.03   Fees and Expenses.

(a)   Generally.    Except as specifically provided for herein, all fees and expenses incurred in connection
with the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be paid by the party incurring
such fees or expenses, whether or not such transactions are consummated.

(b)   Company Termination Fee.    The Company shall pay to Parent a fee of  $165,000,000 (the “Company
Termination Fee”) if:

(i)   the Company terminates this Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(d) or Parent terminates this
Agreement pursuant to Section 8.01(f); or

(ii)   (A) after the date of this Agreement, an Alternative Proposal shall have been made by a third party
to the Company or publicly announced or shall have been made directly to the Company’s stockholders
generally by a third party; (B) thereafter this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 8.01(b)(i) or
8.01(b)(iii); and (C) within nine months of such termination, (x) the Company enters into a definitive
Contract to consummate an Alternative Proposal, (y) the Company recommends an Alternative Proposal or
(z) an Alternative Proposal is consummated, in each of clauses (x), (y) and (z) whether or not with the
Person that announced the Alternative Proposal described in clause (A) above; provided, however, that for
purposes of this Section 8.03(b)(ii), the references to 20% in the definition of  “Alternative Proposal” shall
be deemed to be references to 50%.

Any Company Termination Fee due under this Section 8.03(b) shall be paid by wire transfer of same-day funds
(x) in the case of clause (i) above, on the Business Day immediately following the date of termination of this
Agreement (or simultaneously with such termination, in the case of termination pursuant to Section 8.01(d)) and
(y) in the case of clause (ii) above, on the date of the earliest of the events set forth in clauses (x), (y) or (z). The
Company acknowledges and agrees that the agreements contained in this Section 8.03(b) are an integral part of
the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, and that, without these agreements, Parent would not enter into
this Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the parties agree that the payment of the
Company Termination Fee, as liquidated damages and not as a penalty, shall be the sole and exclusive remedy
available to Parent, Merger Sub and their respective Affiliates with respect to this Agreement and the transactions
contemplated by this Agreement in the event any such payment becomes due and payable, and, upon payment of
the Company Termination Fee, the Company (and the Company’s Affiliates and its and their respective directors,
officers, employees, stockholders and Representatives) shall have no further liability to Parent, Merger Sub and
their respective Affiliates under this Agreement except that, to the extent any termination of this Agreement
resulted from, directly or indirectly, fraud or an intentional breach of this Agreement by the Company, Parent
shall be entitled to the payment of the Company Termination Fee (to the extent owed pursuant to this
Section 8.03(b)) and to any Damages, to the extent proven, resulting from or arising out of such fraud or
intentional breach (as reduced by any Company Termination Fee previously paid by the Company). In no event
shall the Company be obligated to pay the Company Termination Fee on more than one occasion. None of the
Financing Sources will have any liability to the Company or its Affiliates relating to or arising out of this
Agreement, the Financing or otherwise, whether at law, or equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise, and neither the
Company nor any of its Affiliates will have any rights or claims against any of the Financing Sources hereunder
or thereunder. The provisions of this Section 8.03(b) shall inure to the benefit of, and be enforceable by, each
Financing Source, its Affiliates and their respective successors and permitted assigns, each of which is hereby
intended to be an express third party beneficiary of this Section 8.03(b).

(c)   Other Costs and Expenses.   If the Company fails promptly to pay any amount due to Parent pursuant to
this Section 8.03, it shall also pay any costs and expenses incurred by Parent or Merger Sub in connection with a
legal action to enforce this Agreement that results in a judgment against the Company for such amount, together
with interest on the amount of any unpaid fee, cost or expense at the publicly announced prime rate of Citibank,
N.A. from the date such fee, cost or expense was required to be paid to (but excluding) the payment date.

Section 8.04   Amendment.    This Agreement may be amended by the parties at any time before or after
receipt of the Company Stockholder Approval; provided, however, that (i) after receipt of the Company
Stockholder Approval, there shall be made no amendment that by Law requires further approval

A-52



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 170/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

by the Company’s stockholders without the further approval of such stockholders, and (ii) except as provided
above, no amendment of this Agreement shall be submitted to be approved by the Company’s stockholders unless
required by Law. This Agreement may not be amended except by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of
each of the parties. Termination of this Agreement prior to the Effective Time shall not require the approval of the
stockholders of either Parent, the Company or any of their Affiliates.

Section 8.05   Extension; Waiver.    At any time prior to the Effective Time, the parties may (a) extend the
time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other parties; (b) waive any inaccuracies in
the representations and warranties contained herein or in any document delivered pursuant to this Agreement;
(c) waive compliance with any covenants and agreements contained herein; or (d) waive the satisfaction of any of
the conditions contained herein. No extension or waiver by the Company shall require the approval of the
Company’s stockholders unless such approval is required by Law. Any agreement on the part of a party to any
such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed on behalf of such party.
The failure of any party to this Agreement to assert any of its rights under this Agreement or otherwise shall not
constitute a waiver of such rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, no amendment
(including pursuant to Section 8.04), modification, waiver or termination of Section 9.07(c), Section 9.08,
Section 9.09(iii), Section 9.11(b), Section 9.12, Section 9.13 and this sentence of Section 8.05 (and any provision
of this Agreement to the extent an amendment, modification, waiver or termination of such provision would
modify the substance of any of the foregoing provisions) that is adverse to the interests of any Financing Source
will be effective against a Lender or a Financing Source without the prior written consent of such adversely
affected Financing Source.

ARTICLE IX

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 9.01   Nonsurvival of Representations and Warranties.    None of the representations and warranties
herein or in any instrument delivered pursuant to this Agreement shall survive the Effective Time. This
Section 9.01 shall not limit any covenant or agreement of the parties which by its terms contemplates
performance after the Effective Time.

Section 9.02   Notices.    All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications under this
Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given (a) on the date of delivery if delivered personally;
(b) on the date sent if sent by facsimile or electronic mail (provided, however, that notice given by facsimile or
email shall not be effective unless either (i) a duplicate copy of such facsimile or email notice is promptly given
by one of the other methods described in this Section 9.02 or (ii) the receiving party delivers a written
confirmation of receipt of such notice either by facsimile or email or any other method described in this Section
9.02); (c) on the first Business Day following the date of dispatch if delivered utilizing a next-day service by a
recognized next-day courier; or (d) on the earlier of confirmed receipt or the fifth Business Day following the
date of mailing if delivered by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid. All notices
under this Agreement shall be delivered to the addresses set forth below, or pursuant to such other instructions as
may be designated in writing by the party to receive such notice:

A-53



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 171/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

(a) if to the Company, to:

DST Systems, Inc. 
333 West 11th Street, 5th Floor 
Kansas City, Missouri 64105
Facsimile: (816) 435-8630
Email: rdyoung@dstsystems.com 
Attention: Randall D. Young

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom LLP 
Four Times Square 
New York, New York 10036 
Facsimile: (212) 735-2000 
Email: eileen.nugent@skadden.com 

maxim.mayercesiano@skadden.com 
Attn: Eileen T. Nugent 

Maxim O. Mayer-Cesiano

(b) if to Parent or Merger Sub, to:

SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. 
80 Lamberton Road 
Windsor, CT 06095 
Facsimile: (860) 298-4962 
Email: pigoe@sscinc.com 
Attn: General Counsel

with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to:

Davis Polk & Wardwell LLP 
450 Lexington Avenue 
New York, NY 10017 
Facsimile: (212) 701-5800 
Email: leonard.kreynin@davispolk.com 
Attn: Leonard Kreynin

Section 9.03   Definitions.    For purposes of this Agreement:

“1993 Law” shall mean the Luxembourg law of April 5, 1993 on the financial sector (as amended).

“2010 Notes” shall mean any outstanding senior notes issued pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement.

“2017 Notes” shall mean any outstanding senior notes issued pursuant to the Master Note Purchase
Agreement.

“Additional Controller” shall mean any other Person required to give notice to the FCA in accordance with
section 178(1) of the FSMA (as supplemented by article 4 of the Controllers Exemption Order), to the CBI in
accordance with section 39(1) of the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995 and the requirements of the CBI, or to
the CSSF in accordance with the 1993 Law and the requirements of the CSSF, as applicable, before effecting the
Merger.

“Advisory Agreement” shall mean any Contract under which the Company or any Company Subsidiary acts
as general partner of, investment adviser or sub-adviser to, or manages any investment or trading account of, any
Person.

An “Affiliate” of any Person means another Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more
intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such first Person.

A-54



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 172/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Antitrust Laws” means the HSR Act and any other applicable Law that is designed or intended to prohibit,
restrict or regulate actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of
competition through merger or acquisition.

“Broker-Dealer” means each Company Subsidiary that is registered or required to be registered as a broker
or dealer with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

“Business Day” means any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which banking and
savings and loan institutions are authorized or required by Law to be closed in New York City.

“CBI” means the Central Bank of Ireland.

“CBI Approval” means each required approval from the CBI, pursuant to section 39(5) of the Investment
Intermediaries Act 1995 and the requirements of the CBI, of Parent and the Specified Additional Controller
acquiring control of any CBI authorized firm as a result of the Merger, to the extent required by applicable Law,
with such approvals being correct and in full force and effect, or, that the time period referred to in section 40 of
the Investment Intermediaries Act 1995, during which the CBI has not refused to approve Parent and the
Specified Additional Controller acquiring such control, has elapsed.

“Client” shall mean, as of any specified date, any Person (including any Public Fund) that is a party to an
Advisory Agreement pursuant to which the Company or a Company Subsidiary provides investment management
or investment advisory services, including any sub-advisory services, to such Person.

“Code” means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended.

“Collective Bargaining Agreement” shall mean any written or oral agreement, memorandum of
understanding or other contractual obligation between the Company or any of its Subsidiaries and any labor
organization or other authorized employee representative representing current or former employees of the
Company or any of its Subsidiaries.

“Company Credit Agreement” shall mean that certain Credit Agreement dated as of October 1, 2014 (as
amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of June 5, 2015 and by that certain
Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November 14, 2017) among the Company, the lenders
identified therein and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent.

“Company Licensed IP” means any and all Intellectual Property Rights owned by a third party and licensed
or sublicensed (or purported to be licensed or sublicensed) to either the Company or any of the Company
Subsidiaries.

“Company Material Adverse Effect” means any circumstance, effect or change that, individually or in the
aggregate, (i) materially adversely affects the business, financial condition or results of operations of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, taken as a whole; provided, however, that any circumstance, effect or change
arising from or related to the following shall not be taken into account in determining whether a Company
Material Adverse Effect has occurred or would reasonably be expected to occur (except, in the case of clauses
(a), (b), (c), (d), (e), or (f) below, to the extent disproportionately affecting the Company and its Subsidiaries
relative to other companies in the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate, in which case
only the incremental disproportionate effect shall be taken into account): (a) conditions affecting the United
States economy, or any other national or regional economy or the global economy generally; (b) political
conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the United States or any other country or region in the world,
declared or undeclared acts of war, sabotage or terrorism, epidemics or pandemics (including any escalation or
general worsening of any of the foregoing) or national or international emergency in the United States or any
other country or region of the world occurring after the date of this Agreement; (c) changes in the financial,
credit, banking or securities markets in the United States or any other country or region in the world (including
any disruption thereof and any decline in the price of any security or any market index) and including changes or
developments in or relating to currency exchange or interest rates; (d) changes required by GAAP or other
accounting standards (or interpretations thereof); (e) changes in any Laws or other binding directives issued by
any Governmental Entity (or interpretations thereof), including, to the extent relevant to the business of the
Company and its Subsidiaries, in any legal or regulatory requirement or condition or the regulatory enforcement
environment and not specifically relating to the Company or its Subsidiaries; (f) changes that are generally
applicable to

A-55



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 173/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate and not specifically relating to the Company or
its Subsidiaries; (g) any failure by the Company to meet any internal or published projections, forecasts or
revenue or earnings predictions for any period ending on or after the date of this Agreement or any decline in the
market price or trading volume of the Common Stock (provided that the underlying causes of any such failure or
decline may be considered in determining whether a Company Material Adverse Effect has occurred to the extent
not otherwise excluded by another exception herein); (h) the negotiation, execution or delivery of this
Agreement, the performance by any party hereto of its obligations under this Agreement or the public
announcement (including as to the identity of the parties hereto) of the Merger or any of the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement including the impact thereof on relationships, contractual or otherwise
(including the cessation of any such relationship) with customers, suppliers, landlords, tenants, lenders, investors,
joint venture partners, partners or employees of the Company and its Subsidiaries (it being understood that this
clause (h) shall not apply to any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement of the Company herein that is
intended to address the consequences of the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement or the
consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby); (i) changes in the Company’s credit rating (provided,
however, that the underlying causes of such decline may be considered in determining whether a Company
Material Adverse Effect has occurred to the extent not otherwise excluded by another exception herein); (j) the
occurrence of natural disasters, force majeure events or weather conditions adverse to the business being carried
on by the Company and its Subsidiaries; (k) stockholder litigation arising from or relating to this Agreement or
the Merger; (l) any action taken that is required by the terms of this Agreement, or with the prior written consent
or at the written direction of Parent; (m) any damage or destruction of any Owned Real Property that is
substantially paid for by insurance; (n) any cyber-attacks, data breaches, ransomware attacks or similar events
affecting the Company, excluding any such breaches, attacks or events to the extent attributable to the negligence
of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries or to the failure of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries to follow the
best practices of the industries in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate; or (p) the failure to obtain any
approval contemplated by Section 6.13(a); or (ii) is or would be reasonably expected to prevent or materially
impair, interfere with, hinder or delay the consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by
this Agreement by the Company.

“Company Owned IP” means any Intellectual Property Right that is owned or purported to be owned by the
Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.

“Company Related Parties” means the Company, its Affiliates and its and its Affiliates’ respective
stockholders, partners, members, officers, directors, employees, controlling persons, agents and Representatives.

“Company Stock Award” means any Company Options, Company RSUs and Company Performance Stock
Units granted pursuant to the Company Stock Plans.

“Company Stock Plans” means, collectively, the 2015 Equity and Incentive Plan, the 2005 Equity Incentive
Plan and the 2005 Non-Employees Directors’ Award Plan.

“Company Subsidiary” means any Subsidiary of the Company.

“Compliant” means, with respect to the Required Information, (i) that such Required Information does not
contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact, in each case with respect to the
Company and its Subsidiaries, necessary in order to make the statements contained in such Required Information,
in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, (ii) such Required Information is, and
remains throughout the Marketing Period, compliant in all material respects with all requirements of
Regulation S-K and Regulation S-X under the Securities Act for offerings of debt or equity securities on a
registration statement on Form S-3, (iii) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP shall not have withdrawn its audit opinion
with respect to any audited financial statements contained in the Required Information, in which case the
Marketing Period shall not be deemed to commence unless and until a new unqualified audit opinion is issued
with respect to the forgoing financial statements for the applicable periods by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP or
another independent public accounting firm reasonably acceptable to Parent, and (iv)(A) the financial statements
and other financial information included in such Required Information are, and remain throughout the Marketing
Period, sufficient to permit the Financing Sources (including underwriters, placement agents or initial purchasers)
to receive customary comfort

A-56



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 174/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

letters with respect to financial information contained in the Required Information (including customary negative
assurance comfort with respect to periods following the end of the latest fiscal year or fiscal quarter for which
historical financial statements are included in the Required Information) on any date during the Marketing Period,
and (B) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP have delivered drafts of customary comfort letters, including customary
negative assurance comfort with respect to periods following the end of the latest fiscal year end or fiscal quarter
for which historical financial statements are included in the Required Information, and such auditors have
confirmed they are prepared to issue any such comfort letter upon each of any pricing date occurring during the
Marketing Period and any corresponding closing date occurring during the Marketing Period.

“CSSF” shall mean the Luxembourg’s Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

“CSSF Approval” means each required approval or confirmation of non-objection from the CSSF, pursuant
to Article 18 of the 1993 Law, of Parent and the Specified Additional Controller acquiring control of any CSSF
authorized professional of the financial sector as a result of the Merger, to the extent required by applicable Law,
with such approvals being correct and in full force and effect, or, in the absence of such approval or confirmation
of non-objection from the CSSF, the CSSF being deemed as having approved Parent and the Specified Additional
Controller to acquire such control.

“Delaware Secretary” means the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware.

“ERISA” means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended, and the regulations
promulgated thereunder.

“ERISA Affiliate” with respect to an entity shall mean any other entity that, together with such first entity,
would be treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code.

“Exchange Act” means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder.

“Equity Award Exchange Ratio” means the quotient obtained by dividing (a) the Merger Consideration by
(b) the average, rounded to the nearest one ten thousandth, of the closing-sale prices of Parent Common Stock on
NASDAQ as reported by The Wall Street Journal for the ten full trading days ending on (and including) the
trading day preceding the Closing Date, rounded to the nearest one ten thousandth.

“FCA” shall mean the United Kingdom’s Financial Conduct Authority.

“FCA Approval” shall mean each required approval from the FCA, pursuant to Section 189(4)(a) and, if
relevant, section 189(7) of the FSMA, of Parent, its Subsidiaries and the Specified Additional Controller, to the
extent required by applicable Law, with such approvals being correct and in full force and effect, or, in the
absence of such notice from the FCA, the FCA being deemed in accordance with section 189(6) of the FSMA as
having approved Parent and the Specified Additional Controller to acquire such control.

“Fee Letter” means any fee letter entered into in connection with the Debt Commitment Letter.

“Financing Source” shall mean the Persons, including the agents, arrangers, lenders and other entities (other
than the Company or any Company Subsidiary) that have committed to provide or arrange or have otherwise
entered into agreements (including the Debt Commitment Letter or the Financing Agreements), in each case, in
connection with the Financing or any Alternative Financing in connection with the transactions contemplated
hereby, including the parties to any joinder agreements, indentures or credit agreements entered into pursuant
thereto, together with their respective Affiliates, and their and their respective Affiliates’ officers, directors,
employees, controlling persons, agents and representatives and their respective successors and assigns; it being
understood that Parent and Merger Sub shall not be Financing Sources for any purposes hereunder.

“FINRA” shall mean the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority.

“Fraud” means, with respect to any party hereto, actual fraud with the intent to deceive committed by such
party with respect to making a representation and warranty in this Agreement.

“FSMA” shall mean the United Kingdom’s Financial Services and Markets Act (2000).

A-57



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 175/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Group” shall have the meaning ascribed to such term in Section 13(d) under the Exchange Act.

“Indebtedness” means, with respect to any Person, without duplication, (i) all obligations of such Person for
borrowed money, or with respect to deposits or advances of any kind to such Person; (ii) all obligations of such
Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments; (iii) all guarantees and arrangements having
the economic effect of a guarantee of such Person of any other Indebtedness of any other Person; or (iv)
reimbursement obligations under letters of credit, bank guarantees, and other similar contractual obligations
entered into by or on behalf of such Person.

“Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean any and all intellectual property rights and similar proprietary
rights in any jurisdiction, whether registered or unregistered, including all: (i) inventions, whether or not
patentable, reduced to practice or made the subject of one or more pending patent applications, (ii) trademarks,
service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names, corporate names and other indicators of origin and domain names,
including all variations, derivations, combinations, registrations and applications for registration of the foregoing
and all goodwill associated therewith, (iii) issued patents and pending patent applications, patent disclosures, and
any and all divisionals, continuations, continuations-in-part, reissues, reexaminations, and extensions thereof, any
counterparts claiming priority therefrom, (iv) copyrights, copyright registrations and applications for copyright
registration, works of authorship, moral rights and all rights therein provided by international treaties or
conventions law, (v) trade secrets (including those trade secrets defined in the Uniform Trade Secrets Act and
under corresponding foreign statutory and common Law), and rights in confidential business information, know-
how and databases and data collections, (vi) rights in computer Software (whether in source code, object code, or
other form), algorithms, databases, compilations and data, and (vii) all rights to sue or recover and retain damages
and costs and attorneys’ fees for past, present and future infringement or, misappropriation, dilution or other
violations of any of the foregoing.

“International Plan” shall mean any Plan that is not a US Plan.

“Investment Company Act” shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, and the rules and
regulations of the SEC thereunder.

“IT Assets” means any and all computers, Software, firmware, middleware, servers, workstations, routers,
hubs, switches, data communications lines and all other information technology assets (including laptops and
mobile devices) owned by, or licensed or leased to, the Company or any of the Company Subsidiaries.

“Key Employee” shall mean an employee of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries whose annual base
salary is $275,000 or more (or the equivalent thereof in the local currency in which such employee is paid).

The “Knowledge” of any Person that is not an individual means, with respect to any matter in question, in
the case of the Knowledge of the Company, the actual knowledge of the executive officers of the Company set
forth in Section 9.03(i) of the Company Disclosure Letter, and, in the case of Parent and Merger Sub, the actual
knowledge of the executive officers of Parent set forth in Section 9.03(i) of the Parent Disclosure Letter.

“Liens” means all pledges, liens, easements, rights-of-way, encroachments, restrictions, charges, mortgages,
encumbrances, security interests and adverse claims of any kind.

“Marketing Period” means, with respect to the Financing, the first period of twelve (12) consecutive
Business Days throughout which (a) Parent shall have all of the Required Information and during which period
such information shall remain Compliant (for the avoidance of doubt, it being understood that if at any time
during the Marketing Period the Required Information provided at the initiation of the Marketing Period ceases to
be Compliant, then the Marketing Period shall not be deemed to have occurred), and (b) the conditions set forth
in Section 7.01(a), Section 7.01(b), Section 7.01(c) and Section 7.01(d) have been satisfied; provided, however, if
the Company shall in good faith reasonably believe it has provided the Required Information, it may deliver to
Parent a written notice to that effect (stating when it believes it completed such delivery), in which case Parent
shall be deemed to have such Required Information unless Parent in good faith reasonably believes the Company
has not completed the delivery of the Required Information, and within two (2) Business Days after the delivery
of such notice by the Company, delivers a

A-58



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 176/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

written notice to the Company to that effect (stating with specificity which Required Information the Company
has not delivered); provided, further, that July 5, 2018 and July 6, 2018 shall not be included in determining such
twelve (12) consecutive Business Day period; provided, further, that the Marketing Period shall either end on or
prior to August 17, 2018 or, if the Marketing Period has not ended on or prior to August 17, 2018, then the
Marketing Period shall commence no earlier than September 4, 2018; provided, further, that the Marketing Period
shall end on any earlier date that is the date on which the proceeds of the Financing are obtained (it being
understood and acknowledged by Parent that, for purposes hereof, proceeds of the Financing shall be considered
obtained whether or not such proceeds are held in escrow or pursuant to a similar arrangement where release of
such proceeds is contingent upon the Closing Date occurring). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Marketing
Period shall not be deemed to have commenced if on or prior to the completion of such twelve (12) consecutive
Business Day period, the Company shall have announced any intention to restate any financial statements or
financial information included in the Required Information or that any such restatement is under consideration or
may be a possibility, in which case the Marketing Period shall be deemed not to commence unless and until such
restatement has been completed and the applicable Required Information has been amended or the Company has
announced that it has concluded that no restatement shall be required, and the requirements described in the
immediately preceding sentence would be satisfied on the first day, throughout and on the last day of such new
consecutive twelve (12) consecutive Business Day period. With respect to any Required Information, the filing
with the SEC of any public report of the Company by the Company shall be deemed to satisfy such requirement
and (ii) no information shall be required to be delivered by the Company that is not required to be included in a
public report filed by the Company with the SEC.

“Master Note Purchase Agreement” shall mean that certain Master Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of
November 14, 2017, by and among the Company and the purchasers named therein.

“Merger Sub Board” means the Board of Directors of Merger Sub.

“NASD” means the National Association of Securities Dealers.

“Note Purchase Agreement” shall mean that certain Note Purchase Agreement, dated August 9, 2010, by
and among the Company and the Purchasers named therein, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Note
Purchase Agreement dated as of November 14, 2017 and by that certain Second Amendment to Note Purchase
Agreement dated as of November 14, 2017.

“NSCC” means the National Securities Clearing Corporation.

“NYSE” means the New York Stock Exchange.

“Open Source Software” means any and all Software that contains, or is derived in any manner (in whole or
in part) from, any Software that is distributed as free software, open source software (e.g., Linux) or similar
licensing or distribution models, including software licensed or distributed under any of the following licenses or
distribution models, or licenses or distribution models similar to any of the following: (i) GNU’s General Public
License (GPL) or Lesser/Library GPL (LGPL); (ii) the Artistic License (e.g., PERL); (iii) the Mozilla Public
License; (iv) the Netscape Public License; (v) the Sun Community Source License (SCSL); (vi) the Eclipse
Public License; (vii) the BSD License; and/or (viii) the Apache License.

“Parent Board” means the Board of Directors of Parent.

“Parent Common Stock” means the common stock, $0.01 par value, of Parent.

“Parent Material Adverse Effect” means any circumstance, effect or change that, individually or in the
aggregate, is or would be reasonably expected to prevent or materially impair, interfere with, hinder or delay the
consummation of the Merger or the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement by Parent or Merger Sub.

“Permitted Liens” means, collectively, (i) suppliers’, mechanics’, cashiers’, workers’, carriers’, workmen’s,
legal hypothecs’, repairmen’s, materialmen’s, warehousemen’s, construction and other similar Liens arising or
incurred by operation of law or otherwise incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice, in each case for amounts not more than thirty (30) days overdue; (ii) Liens for Taxes that are not due and
payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings

A-59



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 177/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

and for which adequate accruals or reserves under GAAP have been established on the Company Balance Sheet;
(iii) zoning, building and other similar applicable Laws and municipal bylaws and easements, covenants,
conditions, rights-of-way, restrictions and other similar charges and encumbrances or minor defects or
imperfections of title (excluding any such encumbrances with respect to Intellectual Property), in each case that
would not reasonably be expected to, individually or in the aggregate, materially impair the use and operation of
the properties to which they relate in the business of the Company and its Subsidiaries as presently conducted or
the value of such properties; (iv) licenses or other grants of rights in Intellectual Property Rights to the extent
such grants of rights are ancillary to the Company’s receipt of services or in conjunction with a sale of products
or services to customers in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice, or are otherwise granted
in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (v) statutory or other Liens of landlords for
amounts not due and payable; (vi) cash deposits made in the ordinary course of business to secure (A) payments
of worker’s compensation, unemployment insurance or other types of social security benefits or (B) the
performance of bids, tenders, sales, contracts (other than for the repayment of borrowed money), public or
statutory obligations, arising in each case in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; (vii)
Liens resulting from securities Laws; (viii) the rights of first offer or refusal, rights to purchase, and similar rights
and options described in Section 9.03(ii) of the Company Disclosure Letter with respect to Company property;
(ix) Liens that are disclosed on existing title reports or policies made available by or on behalf of the Company to
Parent prior to the date of this Agreement; (x) Liens approved in writing by Parent or Merger Sub; and (xi) Liens
that do not materially detract from the value of such property based upon its current use or interfere in any
material respect with the current use or operation by the Company or any Company Subsidiary of such property.

“Person” means any natural person, firm, corporation, partnership, company, limited liability company, trust,
joint venture, association, Governmental Entity or other entity.

“Plan” shall mean each (i) “employee benefit plan” within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA, (ii) other
benefit and compensation plan, contract, policy, program, practice, arrangement or agreement, including, but not
limited to, pension, profit-sharing, savings, termination, executive compensation, phantom stock, change-in-
control, retention, transaction bonus, salary continuation, vacation, sick leave, disability, death benefit, insurance
(including any self-insurance arrangement), hospitalization, medical, dental, vision, prescription, life (including
all individual life insurance policies as to which the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is the owner, the
beneficiary, or both), employee loan, educational assistance, relocation, expatriate, fringe benefit, deferred
compensation, retirement or post-retirement, severance, equity or equity-based, incentive and bonus plan,
contract, policy, program, practice, arrangement or agreement, and (iii) other employment, consulting or other
individual agreement, plan, practice, policy, contract, program, and arrangement, in each case, (x) which is
sponsored or maintained by the Company or any of its Subsidiaries for the benefit of any current or former
employees, directors, officers or individual independent contractors of the Company or any Company Subsidiary
or (y) with respect to which the Company or any Company Subsidiary has any direct or indirect liability;
provided, that in no event shall a Plan include any multiemployer plan within the meaning of Section 3(37) of
ERISA or any arrangement operated by a Governmental Entity to which the Company or any Subsidiary is
required to contribute under applicable Law.

“Public Fund” shall mean an investment company (or series thereof) registered under the Investment
Company Act for which the Company or any Company Subsidiary provides investment advisory or sub-advisory
services pursuant to an Advisory Agreement.

“Public Fund Boards” shall mean the boards of directors or trustees of the Public Funds.

“Regulatory Laws” means the HSR Act, the FSMA, the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890, as amended, and the
rules and regulations promulgated thereunder, the Clayton Act of 1914, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, the Federal Trade Commission Act of 1914, as amended, and the rules and regulations
promulgated thereunder, and any other federal, state and foreign statutes, rules, regulations, orders, decrees,
administrative and judicial doctrines and other Laws that are designed or intended to prohibit, restrict or regulate
actions having the purpose or effect of monopolization or restraint of trade or lessening of competition through
merger or acquisition.

“SEC” means the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

A-60



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 178/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

“Specified Additional Controller” shall mean the Person set forth on Section 9.03(ii) of the Parent
Disclosure Letter.

“Software” means any and all (i) computer programs, applications, systems and software, including any and
all software implementations of algorithms, models and methodologies and any and all source code, object code,
development and design tools, applets, compilers and assemblers, (ii) databases and compilations, including any
and all libraries and collections of data whether machine readable or otherwise, (iii) descriptions, flow-charts and
other work product used to design, plan, organize and develop any of the foregoing and (iv) technology
supporting, and the contents and audiovisual displays of, any internet site(s).

“SOX” means the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended.

A “Subsidiary” of any Person means another Person, of which an amount of the voting securities or other
voting ownership or voting partnership interests sufficient to elect at least a majority of its board of directors or
other governing person or body (or, if there are no such voting interests, more than 50% of the equity interests of
which) is owned directly or indirectly by such first Person. In the case of the Company, “Subsidiary” and
“Affiliate” shall in all cases exclude the joint ventures set forth on Section 9.03(iii) of the Company Disclosure
Letter and any Client.

“Tax” shall mean any federal, state, local or non-U.S. income, capital gains, gross receipts, license, payroll,
employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, windfall profits, environmental, customs duties,
capital stock, franchise, profits, withholding, social security, unemployment, disability, unclaimed property, real
property, personal property, sales, use, transfer, registration, value added, alternative or add on minimum or
estimated tax or other tax, duty, governmental fee or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever
(including withholding on amounts paid to or by any Person), including any interest, penalty or addition thereto.

“Tax Return” shall mean any report, declaration, return, information return, claim for refund, or statement
relating to Taxes, including any schedule, appendix, supplement or attachment thereto, and including any
amendments thereof.

“Transfer Agent” shall mean each Company Subsidiary registered or required to be registered as a transfer
agent with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

“US Plan” shall mean any Plan that covers any current or former employees, directors, officers or individual
contractors of the Company or any Company Subsidiary located primarily in the United States.

“WARN” shall mean the Worker Adjustment and Retraining Notification Act and any comparable foreign,
state or local law.

Section 9.04   Interpretation.    When a reference is made herein to an Article, a Section or an Exhibit, such
reference shall be to an Article, a Section or an Exhibit of or to this Agreement unless otherwise indicated. The
table of contents, index of defined terms and headings contained herein are for reference purposes only and shall
not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Any capitalized term used in any Exhibit
but not otherwise defined therein shall have the meaning assigned to such term herein. Whenever the words
“include,” “includes” or “including” are used herein, they shall be deemed to be followed by the words “without
limitation.” The words “hereof,” “hereto,” “hereby,” “herein” and “hereunder” and words of similar import when
used herein shall refer to this Agreement as a whole and not to any particular provision of this Agreement. The
term “or” is not exclusive. The word “extent” in the phrase “to the extent” shall mean the degree to which a
subject or other thing extends, and such phrase shall not mean simply “if.” The definitions contained herein are
applicable to the singular as well as the plural forms of such terms. All pronouns and any variations thereof refer
to the masculine, feminine or neuter as the context may require. Any agreement, instrument or Law defined or
referred to herein means such agreement, instrument or Law as from time to time amended, modified or
supplemented, except with respect to any agreement in the Company Disclosure Letter (provided that for
purposes of any representations and warranties contained in this Agreement that are made as of a specific date or
dates, references to any statute shall be deemed to refer to such statute, as amended, and to any rules or

A-61



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 179/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

regulations promulgated thereunder, in each case, as of such date). References to a Person are also to its permitted
successors and assigns. Unless otherwise specifically indicated, all references to “dollars” and “$” will be
deemed references to the lawful money of the United States of America. The parties hereto have participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity or a question of intent or
interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties hereto, and no
presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of
this Agreement. Any reference to “days” means calendar days unless Business Days are expressly specified.
When calculating the period of time before which, within which or following which any act is to be done or step
taken pursuant to this Agreement, the date that is the reference date in calculating such period shall be excluded
and if the last day of such period is not a Business Day, the period shall end on the next succeeding Business Day.
Unless otherwise specified, the words “made available to Parent” or “delivered to Parent” or words of similar
import refer to documents posted to the virtual data room hosted by Intralinks under the title “Project Diamond”.

Section 9.05   Severability.    If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable
of being enforced by any rule or Law, or public policy, (a) such term or other provision shall be fully separable,
(b) this Agreement shall be construed and enforced as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had
never comprised a part hereof, and (c) all other conditions and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless
remain in full force and effect so long as either the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated
by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party or such party waives its rights
under this Section 9.05 with respect thereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid,
illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so
as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner to the end that the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement are fulfilled to the extent possible.

Section 9.06   Counterparts.    This Agreement may be executed in multiple counterparts, including by
facsimile or by email with .pdf attachments, all of which shall be deemed an original and considered one and the
same agreement, and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the
parties and delivered to the other parties.

Section 9.07   Entire Agreement; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.    This Agreement, taken together with the
Parent Disclosure Letter, the Company Disclosure Letter and the Confidentiality Agreement and, in each case,
any exhibit, schedule or annex thereto, constitute the entire agreement, and supersedes all prior agreements and
understandings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to the Merger and the other transactions
contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of each
party hereto, and nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to confer upon any other Person any
rights or remedies of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement except (a) for the provisions of
Section 6.05 (which are intended to be for the benefit of the Company Indemnified Parties referred to therein, and
may be enforced by any such Company Indemnified Parties), (b) for the right of the Company, on behalf of the
holders of the shares of Common Stock to pursue Derivative Damages in accordance with the terms of this
Agreement in the event of Parent’s, or Merger Sub’s breach of this Agreement, which right is hereby
acknowledged and agreed by Parent and Merger Sub (provided that this clause is not intended, and under no
circumstances shall be deemed, to create any right of the holders of the shares of Common Stock or the holders of
awards under the Company Stock Plans to bring an action against Parent or Merger Sub pursuant to this
Agreement or otherwise) or (c) that the Financing Sources shall be express third-party beneficiaries of the
provisions of the final sentence of Section 8.05, Section 9.08, Section 9.09(iii), Section 9.11(b), Section 9.12,
Section 9.13 and this Section 9.07(c), each of which shall expressly inure to the benefit of, and shall be
enforceable and relied upon by, the Financing Sources).

Section 9.08   GOVERNING LAW.    THIS AGREEMENT, INCLUDING ALL MATTERS OF
CONSTRUCTION, VALIDITY AND PERFORMANCE AND ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR
COUNTERCLAIM (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, EQUITY OR OTHERWISE) DIRECTLY OR
INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OF THE
TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT OR THE NEGOTIATION,
ADMINISTRATION, PERFORMANCE AND ENFORCEMENT HEREOF, SHALL BE

A-62



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 180/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF
DELAWARE, REGARDLESS OF THE LAWS THAT MIGHT OTHERWISE GOVERN UNDER ANY
APPLICABLE PRINCIPLES OF CHOICE OR CONFLICTS OF LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE.
NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, EACH COMPANY RELATED PARTY AND EACH OF THE
OTHER PARTIES HERETO AGREES THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY SET FORTH IN THE DEBT
COMMITMENT LETTER, ALL CLAIMS OR CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER AT LAW, IN EQUITY, IN
CONTRACT, IN TORT OR OTHERWISE) AGAINST ANY OF THE FINANCING SOURCES IN ANY WAY
RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, THE FINANCING OR THE PERFORMANCE THEREOF OR THE
FINANCINGS CONTEMPLATED THEREBY, SHALL BE EXCLUSIVELY GOVERNED BY, AND
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT
GIVING EFFECT TO ANY CHOICE OR CONFLICT OF LAW PROVISION OR RULE (WHETHER OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK OR ANY OTHER JURISDICTION) THAT WOULD CAUSE THE APPLICATION
OF THE LAWS OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK.

Section 9.09   Assignment.    Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this
Agreement shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by any of the parties without
the prior written consent of the other parties; provided that the rights, interests and obligations of Parent or
Merger Sub may be assigned (i) to any of its Affiliates, (ii) after the Effective Time, to any Person and (iii) to the
Financing Sources as collateral security, but no such assignment shall relieve Parent or Merger Sub of any of its
obligations under this Agreement or enlarge or alter such obligations. Any purported assignment without such
consent shall be void. Subject to the preceding sentences, this Agreement will be binding upon, inure to the
benefit of, and be enforceable by the parties and their respective successors and assigns.

Section 9.10   Specific Enforcement.    The parties acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would
occur in the event that any of the provisions of this Agreement were not performed in accordance with their
specific terms or were otherwise breached, and that monetary damages, even if available, would not be an
adequate remedy therefor. It is accordingly agreed that the parties shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions
to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of this Agreement and to enforce specifically the performance of the
terms and provisions of this Agreement, including the right of a party to cause the other parties to consummate
the Merger and the other transactions contemplated by this Agreement. It is agreed that the parties are entitled to
enforce specifically the performance of terms and provisions of this Agreement in any court referred to below,
without proof of actual damages (and each party hereby waives any requirement for the securing or posting of
any bond in connection with such remedy), this being in addition to any other remedy to which they are entitled
at law or in equity. The parties further agree not to assert that a remedy of specific enforcement is unenforceable,
invalid, contrary to Law or inequitable for any reason, nor to assert that a remedy of monetary damages would
provide an adequate remedy for any such breach. In the event any party hereto brings any action, claim,
complaint, suit, action or other proceeding to enforce specifically the performance of the terms and provisions of
this Agreement prior to the Closing, the End Date shall automatically be extended by (i) the amount of time
during which such action, claim, complaint, suit, action or other proceeding is pending, plus 20 Business Days, or
(ii) such other time period established by the court presiding over such action, claim, complaint, suit, action or
other proceeding.

Section 9.11   Jurisdiction; Venue.

(a)   In addition, each of the parties hereto irrevocably agrees that any legal action or proceeding arising out
of or relating to this Agreement brought by any party or its Affiliates against any other party or its Affiliates shall
be brought and determined in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware; provided, however, that if
jurisdiction is not then available in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware, then any such legal action or
proceeding may be brought in any federal court located in the State of Delaware or any other Delaware state
court. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the aforesaid courts for itself and with
respect to its property, generally and unconditionally, with regard to any such action or proceeding arising out of
or relating to this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Each of the parties agrees not
to commence any action, suit or proceeding relating thereto except in the courts described above in Delaware,
other than actions in any court of competent jurisdiction

A-63



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 181/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

to enforce any judgment, decree or award rendered by any such court in Delaware as described herein. Each of
the parties further agrees that notice as provided herein shall constitute sufficient service of process and the
parties further waive any argument that such service is insufficient. Each of the parties hereby irrevocably and
unconditionally waives, and agrees not to assert, by way of motion or as a defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in
any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, (a) any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the courts in Delaware as described
herein for any reason, (b) that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such court or from
any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment,
attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) that (i) the suit, action or
proceeding in any such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or proceeding
is improper or (iii) this Agreement, or the subject matter hereof, may not be enforced in or by such courts.

(b)   Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, each Company Related Party
and each of the other parties hereto: (i) agrees that it will not bring or support any Person in any action, cause of
action, claim, cross-claim or third-party claim of any kind or description, whether at law or in equity, whether in
contract or in tort or otherwise, against any of the Financing Sources in any way relating to this Agreement or any
of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement, including but not limited to any dispute arising out of or
relating in any way to the Financing or the performance thereof or the financings contemplated thereby, in any
forum other than the United States Federal and New York State courts located in the Borough of Manhattan, New
York County, State of New York, (ii) submits for itself and its property with respect to any such action to the
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts, (iii) irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by Law, any
objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of, and the defense of an inconvenient forum
to the maintenance of, any such action in any such court and (iv) agrees that a final judgment in any such action
shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment of in any other manner
provided by Law.

Section 9.12   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.    EACH COMPANY RELATED PARTY AND EACH OTHER
PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR OTHER
PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE MERGER, THE FINANCING OR ANY OF
THE OTHER TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED BY THIS AGREEMENT. EACH PARTY HERETO (A)
CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE, AGENT OR ATTORNEY OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS
REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF
ANY ACTION, SUIT OR PROCEEDING, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B)
ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER
INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVER AND
CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION 9.12.

Section 9.13   No Recourse.    All claims or causes of action (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in
equity) that may be based upon, arise out of or relate to this Agreement, or the negotiation, execution or
performance of this Agreement (including any representation or warranty made in connection with this
Agreement or as an inducement to enter into this Agreement), may be made only against the entities that are
expressly identified as parties hereto and only with respect to the specific obligations undertaken by such parties
as set forth herein with respect to such parties and no other Persons, including any Financing Source, shall have
any liability for any obligations or liabilities based upon, arising out of, or related to this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereby. No Person who is not a named party to this Agreement, including the
Financing Sources, shall have any liability (whether in contract or in tort, in law or in equity) for any obligations
or liabilities arising under, in connection with or related to this Agreement or for any claim based on, in respect
of, or by reason of this Agreement or its negotiation, execution or performance; and each Company Related Party
and each other party hereto waives and releases all such liabilities, claims and obligations against the Financing
Sources. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, no Company Related Party shall have any rights or
claims against any Financing Source in connection with this Agreement, the Financing or the transactions
contemplated hereby or thereby, and no Financing Source shall have any rights or claims against any Company
Related Party (other than Parent and Merger Sub) in connection with this Agreement, the Financing or the
transactions contemplated

A-64



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 182/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

hereby or thereby, whether at law or equity, in contract, in tort or otherwise. Notwithstanding anything to the
contrary herein, no Financing Source shall be subject to any special, consequential, punitive or indirect damages
or damages of a tortious nature. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, nothing in this Section 9.13 will
limit the rights of the parties to the Financing under the Debt Commitment Letter, the Financing Agreements and
the transactions related thereto in accordance with the terms thereof.

[Remainder of page intentionally left blank]

A-65



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 183/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Company, Parent and Merger Sub have duly executed this Agreement, all as
of the date first written above.

DST SYSTEMS, INC.

By: /s/ Stephen C. Hooley
Name: Stephen C. Hooley
Title: Chief Executive Officer, 

President and Chairman of the Board

SS&C TECHNOLOGIES HOLDINGS, INC.

By: /s/ Patrick Pedonti
Name: Patrick Pedonti
Title: Senior Vice President and 

Chief Financial Officer

DIAMOND MERGER SUB, INC.

By: /s/ Patrick Pedonti
Name: Patrick Pedonti
Title: Treasurer

A-66



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 184/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

INDEX OF DEFINED TERMS

1993 Law Section 9.03 
2010 Notes Section 9.03 
2017 Notes Section 9.03 
Acceptable Confidentiality Agreement Section 5.04(f)(iii) 
Additional Controller Section 9.03 
Adjusted PSU Section 6.04(f) 
Adjusted RSU Section 6.04(d) 
Adjusted Stock Option Section 6.04(b) 
Adverse Recommendation Change Section 5.04(d) 
Advisory Agreement Section 9.03 
Affiliate Section 9.03 
Agreement Preamble 
Alternative Financing Section 6.11(d) 
Alternative Proposal Section 5.04(f)(i) 
Anti-Corruption Laws Section 4.18(a) 
Antitrust Law Section 9.03 
Book-Entry Shares Section 2.01(c) 
Broker-Dealer Section 9.03 
Business Day Section 9.03 
Capital Stock Section 4.03(a) 
CBI Section 9.03 
CBI Approval Section 9.03 
Certificate Section 2.01(c) 
Certificate of Merger Section 1.03 
Clearance Date Section 6.01(d) 
Client Section 9.03 
Closing Section 1.02 
Closing Date Section 1.02 
Code Section 9.03 
Collective Bargaining Agreement Section 9.03 
Common Stock Section 2.01 
Company Preamble 
Company Balance Sheet Section 4.06(b) 
Company Board Section 4.03(b) 
Company Cash Award Section 6.04(g) 
Company Credit Agreement Section 9.03 
Company Disclosure Letter Article IV 
Company Financial Advisor Section 4.17 
Company Incentive Plan Section 6.09(f) 
Company Indemnified Parties Section 6.05(a) 
Company Insurance Policies Section 4.20 
Company Licensed IP Section 9.03 

A-67



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 185/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Company Material Adverse Effect Section 9.03 
Company Notes Section 6.12(b) 
Company Notes Agreements Section 6.12(b) 
Company Notes Escrow Agent Section 6.12(b)(ii) 
Company Notes Redemption Amount Section 6.12(b)(iii) 
Company Options Section 4.03(a) 
Company Owned IP Section 9.03 
Company Parties Section 6.06 
Company Performance Stock Units Section 4.03(a) 
Company Recommendation Section 6.01(d) 
Company Registered IP Section 4.15(a) 
Company Related Parties Section 9.03 
Company RSUs Section 4.03(a) 
Company Savings Plan Section 6.09(d) 
Company SEC Documents Section 4.06(a) 
Company Securities Section 4.03(b) 
Company Stock Award Section 9.03 
Company Stock Plans Section 9.03 
Company Stockholder Approval Section 4.04 
Company Stockholders Meeting Section 4.04 
Company Subsidiary Section 9.03 
Company Termination Fee Section 8.03(b) 
Company Voting Debt Section 4.03(b) 
Compliant Section 9.03 
Confidentiality Agreement Section 6.02 
Consent Section 3.03(b) 
Consent Fee Section 6.12(b)(ii) 
Consents Section 3.03(b) 
Continuing Employee Section 6.09(a) 
Contract Section 3.03(a) 
CSSF Section 9.03 
CSSF Approval Section 9.03 
Damages Section 8.02 
Debt Commitment Letter Section 3.08(b) 
Delaware Secretary Section 9.03 
Derivative Damages Section 8.02 
DGCL Section 1.01 
Dissenter’s Rights Section 2.03 
Dissenting Shares Section 2.01(c) 
DOJ Section 6.03(c) 
Effective Time Section 1.03 
Employee Census Section 4.09(b) 
End Date Section 8.01(b)(i) 
Environmental Law Section 4.12(a) 

A-68



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 186/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Equity Award Exchange Ratio Section 9.03 
Equity Award Schedule Section 4.03(a) 
ERISA Section 9.03 
ERISA Affiliate Section 9.03 
Exchange Act Section 9.03 
Excluded Contract Section 4.13(b) 
FCA Section 9.03 
FCA Approval Section 9.03 
Fee Letter Section 9.03 
Filed Company Contract Section 4.13(a) 
Filed Company SEC Documents Article IV 
Financing Section 3.08(b) 
Financing Agreements Section 6.11(b) 
Financing Source Section 9.03 
FINRA Section 9.03 
Fraud Section 9.03 
FSMA Section 9.03 
FTC Section 6.03(c) 
GAAP Section 4.06(a) 
Governmental Approvals Section 6.03(a) 
Governmental Entity Section 3.03(b) 
Group Section 9.03 
Hazardous Substance Section 4.12(a) 
HSR Act Section 3.03(b) 
Indebtedness Section 9.03 
Indemnity Period 6.05(a) 
Intellectual Property Rights Section 9.03 
International Plan Section 9.03 
Intervening Section 5.04(d) 
Investment Company Act Section 9.03 
IRS Section 2.02(h) 
IT Assets Section 9.03 
Joint Venture Securities Section 4.02(d) 
Joint Ventures Section 4.02(d) 
Judgment Section 3.03(a) 
Key Employee Section 9.03 
Knowledge Section 9.03 
Law Section 3.03(a) 
Legal Restraints Section 7.01(e) 
Lenders Section 3.08(b) 
Letter of Transmittal Section 2.02(b) 
Liens Section 9.03 
Marketing Period Section 9.03 
Master Note Purchase Agreement Section 9.03 

A-69



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 187/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Material Contract Section 4.13(b) 
Maximum Amount Section 6.05(b) 
Merger Section 1.01 
Merger Consideration Section 2.01(c) 
Merger Notification Filing Section 6.03(b) 
Merger Sub Preamble 
Merger Sub Board Section 9.03 
Merger Sub Common Stock Section 2.01 
NASD Section 9.03 
New Debt Commitment Letter Section 6.11(d) 
Note Purchase Agreement Section 9.03 
Noteholders Section 6.12(b)(i) 
Notes Agreement Amendments Section 6.12(b)(ii) 
Notice Period Section 5.04(d)(i) 
NSCC Section 9.03 
NYSE Section 9.03 
Open Source Software Section 9.03 
Owned Real Property Section 4.14(a) 
Parent Preamble 
Parent Benefit Plans Section 6.09(b) 
Parent Board Section 9.03 
Parent Common Stock Section 9.03 
Parent Disclosure Letter Article III 
Parent Material Adverse Effect Section 9.03 
Paying Agent Section 2.02(a) 
Payment Fund Section 2.02(a) 
Permit Section 3.03(b) 
Permits Section 3.03(b) 
Permitted Liens Section 9.03 
Person Section 9.03 
Plan Section 9.03 
Pre-Closing Bonus Section 6.09(f) 
Preferred Stock Section 4.03(a) 
Proxy Statement Section 6.01(a) 
Public Fund Section 9.03 
Public Fund Boards Section 9.03 
Real Property Leases Section 4.14(b) 
Redemption Date Section 6.12(b)(iii) 
Redemption Notice Section 6.12(b)(iii) 
Regulatory Laws Section 9.03 
Representatives Section 5.04(a) 
Required Information Section 6.11(g) 
SDN List Section 4.18(b) 
SEC Section 9.03 

A-70



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 188/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Securities Act Section 9.03 
Software Section 9.03 
Solvent Section 3.09 
SOX Section 9.03 
Specified Additional Controller Section 9.03 
Subsidiary Section 9.03 
Superior Proposal Section 5.04(f)(ii) 
Surviving Corporation Recitals 
Tax Section 9.03 
Tax Return Section 9.03 
Transfer Agent Section 9.03 
Underwater Option Section 6.04(a) 
Unvested Option Section 6.04(b) 
Unvested PSU Section 6.04(f), 6.04(e) 
Unvested RSU Section 6.04(d) 
US Plan Section 9.03 
Vested Cash Award Section 6.04(g) 
Vested Option Section 6.04(a) 
Vested PSU 6.04(e) 
Vested RSU Section 6.04(c) 
WARN Section 9.03 

A-71



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 189/196

(1) reviewed certain publicly available business and financial information relating to DST;

(2) reviewed certain internal financial and operating information with respect to the business, operations
and prospects of DST furnished to or discussed with us by the management of DST, including certain
financial forecasts relating to DST prepared by the management of DST (such forecasts, “DST
Forecasts”);

(3) reviewed certain analyses relating to the value of certain non-core assets of DST, including holdings of
certain liquid and illiquid securities as well as non-operating and joint venture real estate assets,
furnished to or discussed with us by the management of DST (such analyses, the “Non-Core Asset
Valuations”);

(4) discussed the past and current business, operations, financial condition and prospects of DST with
members of senior management of DST;

(5) reviewed the trading history for DST Common Stock and a comparison of that trading history with the
trading histories of other companies we deemed relevant;

(6) compared certain financial and stock market information of DST with similar information of other
companies we deemed relevant;

(7) compared certain financial terms of the Merger to financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of
other transactions we deemed relevant;

(8) considered the results of our efforts on behalf of DST to solicit, at the direction of DST, indications of
interest from third parties with respect to a possible acquisition of DST;

(9) reviewed a draft, dated January 9, 2018, of the Agreement (the “Draft Agreement”); and

(10) performed such other analyses and studies and considered such other information and factors as we
deemed appropriate.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Annex B 

January 10, 2018

The Board of Directors 
DST Systems, Inc. 
333 West 11  Street 
Kansas City, Missouri 64105

Members of the Board of Directors:

We understand that DST Systems, Inc. (“DST”) proposes to enter into an Agreement and Plan of Merger
(the “Agreement”), among DST, SS&C Technologies Holdings, Inc. (“SS&C”) and Diamond Merger Sub, Inc.,
an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of SS&C (“Merger Sub”), pursuant to which, among other things, Merger
Sub will merge with and into DST (the “Merger”) and each issued and outstanding share of the common stock,
par value $0.01 per share, of DST (“DST Common Stock”) will be converted into the right to receive $84.00 in
cash, without interest (the “Consideration”). The terms and conditions of the Merger are more fully set forth in
the Agreement.

You have requested our opinion as to the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of DST
Common Stock, of the Consideration to be received by such holders in the Merger.

In connection with this opinion, we have, among other things:

B-1

th



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 190/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors 
DST Systems, Inc. 
Page 2

In arriving at our opinion, we have assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy
and completeness of the financial and other information and data publicly available or provided to or otherwise
reviewed by or discussed with us and have relied upon the assurances of the management of DST that they are
not aware of any facts or circumstances that would make such information or data inaccurate or misleading in any
material respect. With respect to the DST Forecasts, we have been advised by DST, and have assumed, that they
have been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best currently available estimates and good faith judgments
of the management of DST as to the future financial performance of DST, including the expected impact thereon
of the TCJA (as defined below). We have not made or been provided with any independent evaluation or
appraisal of the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of DST (other than the Non-Core Asset Valuations,
which we have relied upon without independent verification), nor have we made any physical inspection of the
properties or assets of DST. We have not evaluated the solvency or fair value of DST or SS&C under any state,
federal or other laws relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or similar matters. We have assumed, at the direction of
DST, that the Merger will be consummated in accordance with its terms, without waiver, modification or
amendment of any material term, condition or agreement and that, in the course of obtaining the necessary
governmental, regulatory and other approvals, consents, releases and waivers for the Merger, no delay, limitation,
restriction or condition, including any divestiture requirements or amendments or modifications, will be imposed
that would have an adverse effect on DST. We have also assumed, at your direction, that the final executed
Agreement will not differ in any material respect from the Draft Agreement reviewed by us.

We express no opinion or view as to any terms or other aspects or implications of the Merger (other than the
Consideration to the extent expressly specified herein), including, without limitation, the form or structure of the
Merger, any related transactions or any other agreement, arrangement or understanding entered into in connection
with or related to the Merger or otherwise. Our opinion is limited to the fairness, from a financial point of view,
of the Consideration to be received by holders of DST Common Stock, and no opinion or view is expressed with
respect to any consideration received in connection with the Merger by the holders of any other class of
securities, creditors or other constituencies of any party. In addition, no opinion or view is expressed with respect
to the fairness (financial or otherwise) of the amount, nature or any other aspect of any compensation to any of
the officers, directors or employees of any party to the Merger, or class of such persons, relative to the
Consideration or otherwise. Furthermore, no opinion or view is expressed as to the relative merits of the Merger
in comparison to other strategies or transactions that might be available to DST or in which DST might engage or
as to the underlying business decision of DST to proceed with or effect the Merger. We also are not expressing
any opinion or view with respect to, and we have relied, at the direction of DST, upon the assessments of
representatives of DST regarding, legal, regulatory, accounting, tax and similar matters relating to DST or the
Merger, as to which matters we understand that DST obtained such advice as it deemed necessary from qualified
professionals. In particular, we note that numerous details with respect to the implementation of the Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act (“TCJA”) remain to be developed through the promulgation of related regulations and interpretations
and possible technical corrections legislation. The precise effects of the TCJA on DST and the Merger cannot be
ascertained with certainty, and we express no opinion or view with respect to such effects. In addition, we express
no opinion or recommendation as to how any stockholder should vote or act in connection with the Merger or any
other matter.

We have acted as financial advisor to DST in connection with the Merger and will receive a fee for our
services, a portion of which is payable upon delivery of this opinion and a significant portion of which is
contingent upon consummation of the Merger. In addition, DST has agreed to reimburse our expenses and
indemnify us against certain liabilities arising out of our engagement.

B-2



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 191/196

TABLE OF CONTENTS

The Board of Directors
DST Systems, Inc.
Page 3

 
We and our affiliates comprise a full service securities firm and commercial bank engaged in securities,

commodities and derivatives trading, foreign exchange and other brokerage activities, and principal investing as
well as providing investment, corporate and private banking, asset and investment management, financing and
financial advisory services and other commercial services and products to a wide range of companies,
governments and individuals. In the ordinary course of our businesses, we and our affiliates may invest on a
principal basis or on behalf of customers or manage funds that invest, make or hold long or short positions,
finance positions or trade or otherwise effect transactions in equity, debt or other securities or financial
instruments (including derivatives, bank loans or other obligations) of DST, SS&C and certain of their respective
affiliates.

We and our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may provide,
investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services to DST and have received or in the future
may receive compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted as financial advisor to
DST on the sale of a business in 2016, (ii) having acted or acting as administrative agent, lead arranger and
bookrunner for, and as a lender (including swing line lender and letter of credit lender) under, DST’s revolving
credit facility, (iii) having provided or providing various foreign exchange, corporate derivatives and fixed
income trading services and products to DST, and (iv) having provided or providing various treasury and trade
management services and products to DST.

In addition, we and our affiliates in the past have provided, currently are providing, and in the future may
provide, investment banking, commercial banking and other financial services to SS&C and have received or in
the future may receive compensation for the rendering of these services, including (i) having acted or acting as
co-manager for, and as a lender under, SS&C’s credit facility and (ii) having provided or providing various
treasury and trade management services and products to SS&C.

It is understood that this letter is for the benefit and use of the Board of Directors of DST (in its capacity as
such) in connection with and for purposes of its evaluation of the Merger.

Our opinion is necessarily based on financial, economic, monetary, market and other conditions and
circumstances as in effect on, and the information made available to us as of, the date hereof. It should be
understood that subsequent developments may affect this opinion, and we do not have any obligation to update,
revise, or reaffirm this opinion. The issuance of this opinion was approved by a fairness opinion review
committee of Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith Incorporated.

Based upon and subject to the foregoing, including the various assumptions and limitations set forth herein,
we are of the opinion on the date hereof that the Consideration to be received in the Merger by holders of DST
Common Stock is fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

Very truly yours,

/s/ Merrill Lynch, Pierce, Fenner & Smith
Incorporated

MERRILL LYNCH, PIERCE, FENNER & SMITH
INCORPORATED

B-3



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 192/196

(a) Any stockholder of a corporation of this State who holds shares of stock on the date of the making of a
demand pursuant to subsection (d) of this section with respect to such shares, who continuously holds such
shares through the effective date of the merger or consolidation, who has otherwise complied with
subsection (d) of this section and who has neither voted in favor of the merger or consolidation nor
consented thereto in writing pursuant to § 228 of this title shall be entitled to an appraisal by the Court of
Chancery of the fair value of the stockholder’s shares of stock under the circumstances described in
subsections (b) and (c) of this section. As used in this section, the word “stockholder” means a holder of
record of stock in a corporation; the words “stock” and “share” mean and include what is ordinarily meant
by those words; and the words “depository receipt” mean a receipt or other instrument issued by a
depository representing an interest in 1 or more shares, or fractions thereof, solely of stock of a corporation,
which stock is deposited with the depository.

(b) Appraisal rights shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation
in a merger or consolidation to be effected pursuant to § 251 (other than a merger effected pursuant to §
251(g) of this title and, subject to paragraph (b)(3) of this section, § 251(h) of this title), § 252, § 254, § 255,
§ 256, § 257, § 258, § 263 or § 264 of this title:

(1) Provided, however, that, except as expressly provided in § 363(b) of this title, no appraisal rights under
this section shall be available for the shares of any class or series of stock, which stock, or depository
receipts in respect thereof, at the record date fixed to determine the stockholders entitled to receive
notice of the meeting of stockholders to act upon the agreement of merger or consolidation, were either:
(i) listed on a national securities exchange or (ii) held of record by more than 2,000 holders; and further
provided that no appraisal rights shall be available for any shares of stock of the constituent corporation
surviving a merger if the merger did not require for its approval the vote of the stockholders of the
surviving corporation as provided in § 251(f) of this title.

(2) Notwithstanding paragraph (b)(1) of this section, appraisal rights under this section shall be available
for the shares of any class or series of stock of a constituent corporation if the holders thereof are
required by the terms of an agreement of merger or consolidation pursuant to §§ 251, 252, 254, 255,
256, 257, 258, 263 and 264 of this title to accept for such stock anything except:

a. Shares of stock of the corporation surviving or resulting from such merger or consolidation, or
depository receipts in respect thereof;

b. Shares of stock of any other corporation, or depository receipts in respect thereof, which shares of
stock (or depository receipts in respect thereof) or depository receipts at the effective date of the
merger or consolidation will be either listed on a national securities exchange or held of record by
more than 2,000 holders;

c. Cash in lieu of fractional shares or fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing
paragraphs (b)(2)a. and b. of this section; or

d. Any combination of the shares of stock, depository receipts and cash in lieu of fractional shares or
fractional depository receipts described in the foregoing paragraphs (b)(2)a., b. and c. of this
section.

(3) In the event all of the stock of a subsidiary Delaware corporation party to a merger effected under §
251(h), § 253 or § 267 of this title is not owned by the parent immediately prior to the merger, appraisal
rights shall be available for the shares of the subsidiary Delaware corporation.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

ANNEX C 

APPRAISAL RIGHTS OF STOCKHOLDERS

DELAWARE GENERAL CORPORATION LAW

§ 262. Appraisal rights.

C-1



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 193/196

(4) In the event of an amendment to a corporation’s certificate of incorporation contemplated by § 363(a)
of this title, appraisal rights shall be available as contemplated by § 363(b) of this title, and the
procedures of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d) and (e) of this section, shall apply
as nearly as practicable, with the word “amendment” substituted for the words “merger or
consolidation,” and the word “corporation” substituted for the words “constituent corporation” and/or
“surviving or resulting corporation.”

(c) Any corporation may provide in its certificate of incorporation that appraisal rights under this section shall
be available for the shares of any class or series of its stock as a result of an amendment to its certificate of
incorporation, any merger or consolidation in which the corporation is a constituent corporation or the sale
of all or substantially all of the assets of the corporation. If the certificate of incorporation contains such a
provision, the provisions of this section, including those set forth in subsections (d), (e), and (g) of this
section, shall apply as nearly as is practicable.

(d) Appraisal rights shall be perfected as follows:

(1) If a proposed merger or consolidation for which appraisal rights are provided under this section is to be
submitted for approval at a meeting of stockholders, the corporation, not less than 20 days prior to the
meeting, shall notify each of its stockholders who was such on the record date for notice of such
meeting (or such members who received notice in accordance with § 255(c) of this title) with respect to
shares for which appraisal rights are available pursuant to subsection (b) or (c) of this section that
appraisal rights are available for any or all of the shares of the constituent corporations, and shall
include in such notice a copy of this section and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock
corporation, a copy of  § 114 of this title. Each stockholder electing to demand the appraisal of such
stockholder’s shares shall deliver to the corporation, before the taking of the vote on the merger or
consolidation, a written demand for appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. Such demand will be
sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the
stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such stockholder’s shares. A proxy or vote
against the merger or consolidation shall not constitute such a demand. A stockholder electing to take
such action must do so by a separate written demand as herein provided. Within 10 days after the
effective date of such merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation shall notify each
stockholder of each constituent corporation who has complied with this subsection and has not voted in
favor of or consented to the merger or consolidation of the date that the merger or consolidation has
become effective; or

(2) If the merger or consolidation was approved pursuant to § 228, § 251(h), § 253, or § 267 of this title,
then either a constituent corporation before the effective date of the merger or consolidation or the
surviving or resulting corporation within 10 days thereafter shall notify each of the holders of any class
or series of stock of such constituent corporation who are entitled to appraisal rights of the approval of
the merger or consolidation and that appraisal rights are available for any or all shares of such class or
series of stock of such constituent corporation, and shall include in such notice a copy of this section
and, if 1 of the constituent corporations is a nonstock corporation, a copy of  § 114 of this title. Such
notice may, and, if given on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, shall, also notify
such stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation. Any stockholder entitled to
appraisal rights may, within 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice or, in the case of a merger
approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, within the later of the consummation of the offer
contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days after the date of mailing of such notice, demand in
writing from the surviving or resulting corporation the appraisal of such holder’s shares. Such demand
will be sufficient if it reasonably informs the corporation of the identity of the stockholder and that the
stockholder intends thereby to demand the appraisal of such holder’s shares. If such notice did not
notify stockholders of the effective date of the merger or consolidation, either (i) each such constituent
corporation shall send a second notice before the effective date of the merger or consolidation notifying
each of the holders of any class or series of stock of such constituent corporation that are entitled to
appraisal rights of the effective date of the merger or consolidation or (ii) the surviving or resulting
corporation shall send such a second notice to all such holders on or within 10 days after

TABLE OF CONTENTS

C-2



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 194/196

(e) Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the surviving or resulting corporation
or any stockholder who has complied with subsections (a) and (d) of this section hereof and who is
otherwise entitled to appraisal rights, may commence an appraisal proceeding by filing a petition in the
Court of Chancery demanding a determination of the value of the stock of all such stockholders.
Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as
a named party shall have the right to withdraw such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the
terms offered upon the merger or consolidation. Within 120 days after the effective date of the merger or
consolidation, any stockholder who has complied with the requirements of subsections (a) and (d) of this
section hereof, upon written request, shall be entitled to receive from the corporation surviving the merger or
resulting from the consolidation a statement setting forth the aggregate number of shares not voted in favor
of the merger or consolidation and with respect to which demands for appraisal have been received and the
aggregate number of holders of such shares. Such written statement shall be mailed to the stockholder
within 10 days after such stockholder’s written request for such a statement is received by the surviving or
resulting corporation or within 10 days after expiration of the period for delivery of demands for appraisal
under subsection (d) of this section hereof, whichever is later. Notwithstanding subsection (a) of this section,
a person who is the beneficial owner of shares of such stock held either in a voting trust or by a nominee on
behalf of such person may, in such person’s own name, file a petition or request from the corporation the
statement described in this subsection.

(f) Upon the filing of any such petition by a stockholder, service of a copy thereof shall be made upon the
surviving or resulting corporation, which shall within 20 days after such service file in the office of the
Register in Chancery in which the petition was filed a duly verified list containing the names and addresses
of all stockholders who have demanded payment for their shares and with whom agreements as to the value
of their shares have not been reached by the surviving or resulting corporation. If the petition shall be filed
by the surviving or resulting corporation, the petition shall be accompanied by such a duly verified list. The
Register in Chancery, if so ordered by the Court, shall give notice of the time and place fixed for the hearing
of such petition by registered or certified mail to the surviving or resulting corporation and to the
stockholders shown on the list at the addresses therein stated. Such notice shall also be given by 1 or more
publications at least 1 week before the day of the hearing, in a newspaper of general circulation published in
the City of Wilmington, Delaware or such publication as the Court deems advisable. The forms of the
notices by mail and by publication shall be approved by the Court, and the costs thereof shall be borne by
the surviving or resulting corporation.

(g) At the hearing on such petition, the Court shall determine the stockholders who have complied with this
section and who have become entitled to appraisal rights. The Court may require the stockholders who have
demanded an appraisal for their shares and who hold stock represented by certificates to submit their
certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery for notation thereon of the pendency of the appraisal
proceedings; and if any stockholder fails to comply with such direction, the Court may dismiss the
proceedings as to such stockholder. If immediately before the merger or consolidation the shares of the class
or series of stock of the constituent corporation as to which appraisal rights are

TABLE OF CONTENTS

such effective date; provided, however, that if such second notice is sent more than 20 days following
the sending of the first notice or, in the case of a merger approved pursuant to § 251(h) of this title, later
than the later of the consummation of the offer contemplated by § 251(h) of this title and 20 days
following the sending of the first notice, such second notice need only be sent to each stockholder who
is entitled to appraisal rights and who has demanded appraisal of such holder’s shares in accordance
with this subsection. An affidavit of the secretary or assistant secretary or of the transfer agent of the
corporation that is required to give either notice that such notice has been given shall, in the absence of
fraud, be prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein. For purposes of determining the stockholders
entitled to receive either notice, each constituent corporation may fix, in advance, a record date that
shall be not more than 10 days prior to the date the notice is given, provided, that if the notice is given
on or after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, the record date shall be such effective date.
If no record date is fixed and the notice is given prior to the effective date, the record date shall be the
close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the notice is given.

C-3



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 195/196

(h) After the Court determines the stockholders entitled to an appraisal, the appraisal proceeding shall be
conducted in accordance with the rules of the Court of Chancery, including any rules specifically governing
appraisal proceedings. Through such proceeding the Court shall determine the fair value of the shares
exclusive of any element of value arising from the accomplishment or expectation of the merger or
consolidation, together with interest, if any, to be paid upon the amount determined to be the fair value. In
determining such fair value, the Court shall take into account all relevant factors. Unless the Court in its
discretion determines otherwise for good cause shown, and except as provided in this subsection, interest
from the effective date of the merger through the date of payment of the judgment shall be compounded
quarterly and shall accrue at 5% over the Federal Reserve discount rate (including any surcharge) as
established from time to time during the period between the effective date of the merger and the date of
payment of the judgment. At any time before the entry of judgment in the proceedings, the surviving
corporation may pay to each stockholder entitled to appraisal an amount in cash, in which case interest shall
accrue thereafter as provided herein only upon the sum of (1) the difference, if any, between the amount so
paid and the fair value of the shares as determined by the Court, and (2) interest theretofore accrued, unless
paid at that time. Upon application by the surviving or resulting corporation or by any stockholder entitled to
participate in the appraisal proceeding, the Court may, in its discretion, proceed to trial upon the appraisal
prior to the final determination of the stockholders entitled to an appraisal. Any stockholder whose name
appears on the list filed by the surviving or resulting corporation pursuant to subsection (f) of this section
and who has submitted such stockholder’s certificates of stock to the Register in Chancery, if such is
required, may participate fully in all proceedings until it is finally determined that such stockholder is not
entitled to appraisal rights under this section.

(i) The Court shall direct the payment of the fair value of the shares, together with interest, if any, by the
surviving or resulting corporation to the stockholders entitled thereto. Payment shall be so made to each
such stockholder, in the case of holders of uncertificated stock forthwith, and the case of holders of shares
represented by certificates upon the surrender to the corporation of the certificates representing such stock.
The Court’s decree may be enforced as other decrees in the Court of Chancery may be enforced, whether
such surviving or resulting corporation be a corporation of this State or of any state.

(j) The costs of the proceeding may be determined by the Court and taxed upon the parties as the Court deems
equitable in the circumstances. Upon application of a stockholder, the Court may order all or a portion of the
expenses incurred by any stockholder in connection with the appraisal proceeding, including, without
limitation, reasonable attorney’s fees and the fees and expenses of experts, to be charged pro rata against the
value of all the shares entitled to an appraisal.

(k) From and after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, no stockholder who has demanded
appraisal rights as provided in subsection (d) of this section shall be entitled to vote such stock for any
purpose or to receive payment of dividends or other distributions on the stock (except dividends or other
distributions payable to stockholders of record at a date which is prior to the effective date of the merger or
consolidation); provided, however, that if no petition for an appraisal shall be filed within the time provided
in subsection (e) of this section, or if such stockholder shall deliver to the surviving or resulting corporation
a written withdrawal of such stockholder’s demand for an appraisal and an acceptance of the merger or
consolidation, either within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation as provided in
subsection (e) of this section or thereafter with the written approval of the corporation, then the right of such
stockholder to an appraisal shall cease. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no appraisal proceeding in the Court
of Chancery shall be dismissed as to any stockholder without the approval of the Court, and such approval
may be conditioned upon such terms as the Court deems just; provided, however that this provision shall not
affect the right of any stockholder

TABLE OF CONTENTS

available were listed on a national securities exchange, the Court shall dismiss the proceedings as to all
holders of such shares who are otherwise entitled to appraisal rights unless (1) the total number of shares
entitled to appraisal exceeds 1% of the outstanding shares of the class or series eligible for appraisal, (2) the
value of the consideration provided in the merger or consolidation for such total number of shares exceeds
$1 million, or (3) the merger was approved pursuant to § 253 or § 267 of this title.

C-4



9/27/2019 tv485255_defm14a - none - 7.649901s

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/714603/000114420418011059/tv485255_defm14a.htm 196/196

(l) The shares of the surviving or resulting corporation to which the shares of such objecting stockholders
would have been converted had they assented to the merger or consolidation shall have the status of
authorized and unissued shares of the surviving or resulting corporation.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

who has not commenced an appraisal proceeding or joined that proceeding as a named party to withdraw
such stockholder’s demand for appraisal and to accept the terms offered upon the merger or consolidation
within 60 days after the effective date of the merger or consolidation, as set forth in subsection (e) of this
section.

C-5


