







































10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 1/219

DEFM14A 1 d560965ddefm14a.htm DEFM14A

Table of Contents

  

UNITED STATES
SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549
 

 

SCHEDULE 14A
Proxy Statement Pursuant to Section 14(a) of the

Securities Exchange Act of 1934
 

 

Filed by the Registrant  ☒                             Filed by a Party other than the Registrant  ☐

Check the appropriate box:
 

☐  Preliminary Proxy Statement

☐  Confidential, for Use of the Commission Only (as permitted by Rule 14a-6(e)(2))

☒  Definitive Proxy Statement

☐  Definitive Additional Materials

☐  Soliciting Material under §240.14a-12

RSP PERMIAN, INC.
(Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter)

 
(Name of Person(s) Filing Proxy Statement, if other than the Registrant)

Payment of Filing Fee (Check the appropriate box):

☒  No fee required.

☐  Fee computed on table below per Exchange Act Rules 14a-6(i)(1) and 0-11.

 

(1)

 

Title of each class of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Aggregate number of securities to which transaction applies:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Per unit price or other underlying value of transaction computed pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 0-11 (set forth the amount on which the
filing fee is calculated and state how it was determined):
 
     

 

(4)

 

Proposed maximum aggregate value of transaction:
 
     

 

(5)

 

Total fee paid:
 
     

☐  Fee paid previously with preliminary materials.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 2/219

☐
 

Check box if any part of the fee is offset as provided by Exchange Act Rule 0-11(a)(2) and identify the filing for which the offsetting fee was
paid previously. Identify the previous filing by registration statement number, or the Form or Schedule and the date of its filing.

 

(1)

 

Amount Previously Paid:
 
     

 

(2)

 

Form, Schedule or Registration Statement No.:
 
     

 

(3)

 

Filing Party:
 
     

 

(4)

 

Date Filed:
 
     

 
  



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 3/219

Table of Contents

 

        

JOINT LETTER TO STOCKHOLDERS OF CONCHO RESOURCES INC.
AND STOCKHOLDERS OF RSP PERMIAN, INC.

Dear Stockholders:
Concho Resources Inc. and RSP Permian, Inc. have entered into a merger agreement (which, as it may be amended from time to time, we refer to as the “merger

agreement”) providing for the acquisition of RSP by Concho pursuant to a merger between a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho and RSP (which we refer to as the
“merger”). Concho stockholders as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date, are invited to attend a special meeting of Concho stockholders on July 17,
2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, to consider and vote upon a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger. RSP
stockholders as of the close of business on the record date are invited to attend a special meeting of RSP stockholders on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, to
consider and vote upon a proposal to adopt the merger agreement and a non-binding advisory proposal to approve certain compensation that may be paid or become
payable to RSP’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger.

For RSP stockholders, if the merger is completed, you will be entitled to receive, for each issued and outstanding share of RSP common stock owned by you
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock (which we refer to as the “merger consideration”) as further described in
the joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice. The market value of the merger consideration will fluctuate with the price of Concho common stock.
Based on the closing price of Concho common stock on March 27, 2018, the last trading day before the public announcement of the signing of the merger agreement, the
value of the per share merger consideration payable to holders of RSP common stock upon completion of the merger was approximately $50.24. Based on the closing
price of Concho common stock on May 31, 2018, the last practicable date before the date of the joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice, the value of
the merger consideration payable to holders of RSP common stock upon completion of the merger was approximately $7.0 billion. RSP stockholders should obtain
current stock price quotations for Concho common stock and RSP common stock. Concho common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol
“CXO,” and RSP common stock is traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “RSPP.”

The Concho board of directors has determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the
issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger, are fair to, and in the best interests of, Concho and its stockholders; has
unanimously approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the issuance of
shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger; and unanimously recommends that Concho stockholders vote “FOR” the issuance of shares of
Concho common stock in connection with the merger.

The RSP board of directors has determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger,
are fair to, and in the best interests of, RSP and its stockholders; has unanimously approved and declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement, including the merger; and unanimously recommends that RSP stockholders vote “FOR” the adoption of the merger
agreement and “FOR” the other proposal described in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Concho and RSP will each hold a special meeting of its stockholders to consider certain matters relating to the merger. Concho and RSP cannot complete the merger
unless, among other things, Concho stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger and RSP stockholders adopt the
merger agreement.

Your vote is very important. To ensure your representation at your company’s special meeting, complete and return the applicable enclosed proxy card or submit
your proxy by phone or the Internet. Please vote promptly whether or not you expect to attend your company’s special meeting. Submitting a proxy now will not prevent
you from being able to vote in person at your company’s special meeting.

The joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice is also being delivered to RSP stockholders as Concho’s prospectus for its offering of shares of
Concho common stock in connection with the merger.

The obligations of Concho and RSP to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions set forth in the merger agreement, a copy of
which is included as part of the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus. The joint proxy statement/prospectus provides you with detailed information about the
merger. It also contains or references information about Concho and RSP and certain related matters. You are encouraged to read the joint proxy statement/prospectus
carefully and in its entirety. In particular, you should carefully read the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41 of the joint proxy
statement/prospectus for a discussion of risks you should consider in evaluating the merger and the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection
with the merger and how they will affect you.
 

Sincerely,

Tim Leach
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer
Concho Resources Inc.   

Sincerely,

Steven Gray
Chief Executive Officer
RSP Permian, Inc.

Neither the Securities and Exchange Commission nor any state securities commission has approved or disapproved of the securities to be issued under the
accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus or passed upon the adequacy or accuracy of the disclosure in this document. Any representation to the
contrary is a criminal offense.
The joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated June 6, 2018 and is first being mailed to stockholders of Concho and RSP on or about June 12, 2018.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 4/219

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON JULY 17, 2018
AT CONCHO RESOURCES INC.
600 WEST ILLINOIS AVENUE

MIDLAND, TEXAS 79701

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders of Concho Resources Inc. will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central
Time, at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue, Midland, Texas 79701, to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of
Concho common stock (which we refer to as the “Concho issuance proposal”) in connection with the merger between a wholly owned subsidiary of
Concho and RSP Permian, Inc., as contemplated by the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 27, 2018 among RSP, Concho and Green Merger
Sub Inc. (which, as it may be amended from time to time, we refer to as the “merger agreement”).

Concho stockholder approval of the Concho issuance proposal is required to complete the merger. Concho will transact no other business at the
Concho special meeting. The record date for the Concho special meeting has been set as June 1, 2018. Only Concho stockholders of record as of the
close of business on such record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Concho special meeting or any adjournments and postponements of the
Concho special meeting. For additional information regarding the Concho special meeting, see the section entitled “Special Meeting of Concho
Stockholders” beginning on page 54 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice.

The Concho board of directors unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal.

The Concho issuance proposal is described in more detail in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read carefully
and in its entirety before you vote. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus.

PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE CONCHO SPECIAL
MEETING. IF YOU LATER DESIRE TO REVOKE OR CHANGE YOUR PROXY FOR ANY REASON, YOU MAY DO SO IN THE
MANNER DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
CONCERNING THE PROPOSAL BEING VOTED UPON, USE OF THE PROXY AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS, YOU ARE URGED
TO READ THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
 

Your vote is very important. Approval of the Concho issuance proposal by the Concho stockholders is a condition to the merger and
requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders present in person or by proxy at the Concho special meeting
and entitled to vote on the proposal. Concho stockholders are requested to complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy in the
envelope provided, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States, or to submit their votes by phone or the Internet. Simply follow
the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the Concho issuance
proposal and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,

 

Tim Leach
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Concho Resources Inc.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 5/219

Table of Contents

NOTICE OF THE SPECIAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TO BE HELD ON JULY 17, 2018

AT RSP PERMIAN, INC.
3141 HOOD STREET, SUITE 700

DALLAS, TEXAS 75219

NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that a special meeting of stockholders of RSP Permian, Inc. will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central
Time, at 3141 Hood Street, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75219, to consider and vote on a proposal:
 

 
•  to adopt the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 27, 2018 (which, as it may be amended from time to time, we refer to as the

“merger agreement”), among RSP, Concho Resources Inc. and Green Merger Sub Inc. (which we refer to as the “merger proposal”); and
 

 
•  to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to RSP’s named executive officers

that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger contemplated by the merger agreement (which we refer to as the “non-binding
compensation advisory proposal”).

RSP stockholder approval of the merger proposal is required to complete the merger between a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho and RSP, as
contemplated by the merger agreement. RSP stockholders will also be asked to approve the non-binding compensation advisory proposal. RSP will
transact no other business at the RSP special meeting. The record date for the RSP special meeting has been set as June 1, 2018. Only RSP stockholders
of record as of the close of business on such record date are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the RSP special meeting or any adjournments and
postponements of the RSP special meeting. For additional information regarding the RSP special meeting, see the section entitled “Special Meeting of
RSP Stockholders” beginning on page 60 of the joint proxy statement/prospectus accompanying this notice.

The RSP board of directors unanimously recommends that holders of RSP common stock vote “FOR” the merger proposal and “FOR”
the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

The RSP stockholder proposals are described in more detail in the accompanying joint proxy statement/prospectus, which you should read
carefully and in its entirety before you vote. A copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to the accompanying joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE, WHETHER OR NOT YOU PLAN TO ATTEND THE RSP SPECIAL MEETING. IF
YOU LATER DESIRE TO REVOKE OR CHANGE YOUR PROXY FOR ANY REASON, YOU MAY DO SO IN THE MANNER
DESCRIBED IN THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONCERNING
THE PROPOSALS BEING VOTED UPON, USE OF THE PROXY AND OTHER RELATED MATTERS, YOU ARE URGED TO READ
THE ACCOMPANYING JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS.
 

Your vote is very important. Approval of the merger proposal by the RSP stockholders is a condition to the merger and requires the
affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote on the proposal. RSP stockholders are
requested to complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy in the envelope provided, which requires no postage if mailed in the United
States, or to submit their votes by phone or the Internet. Simply follow the instructions provided on the enclosed proxy card. Abstentions,
failure to submit a proxy or vote in person at the RSP special meeting and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST”
the merger proposal.

 
BY ORDER OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS,

 

 

Steven Gray
Chief Executive Officer
RSP Permian, Inc.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 6/219

Table of Contents

REFERENCES TO ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

This joint proxy statement/prospectus incorporates by reference important business and financial information about Concho Resources Inc. (which
we refer to as “Concho”) and RSP Permian, Inc. (which we refer to as “RSP”) from other documents that are not included in or delivered with this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, including documents that Concho and RSP have filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (which we refer
to as the “SEC”). For a listing of documents incorporated by reference herein, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 201. This information is available for you to review free of charge at the public reference room of the SEC located at 100 F Street,
N.E., Washington, DC 20549, and through the SEC’s website at www.sec.gov.

You may request copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference herein or other information
concerning Concho or RSP, without charge, upon written or oral request to the applicable company’s principal executive offices. The respective
addresses and phone numbers of such principal executive offices are listed below.
 

For Concho Stockholders:
   

For RSP Stockholders:
 

Concho Resources Inc.
One Concho Center

600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701

Attention: Investor Relations
(432) 685-2533

mhays@concho.com   

RSP Permian, Inc.
3141 Hood Street, Suite 500

Dallas, Texas 75219
Attention: Investor Relations

(214) 252-2700
IR@rsppermian.com

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before the Concho special meeting, Concho stockholders must request the information no
later than July 10, 2018 (which is five business days before the date of the Concho special meeting).

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before the RSP special meeting, RSP stockholders must request the information no later
than July 10, 2018 (which is five business days before the date of the RSP special meeting).

In addition, if you have questions about the merger or this joint proxy statement/prospectus, would like additional copies of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus or need to obtain proxy cards or other information related to the proxy solicitation, contact Morrow Sodali LLC,
the proxy solicitor for Concho, toll-free at (800) 662-5200 or, for brokers and banks, collect at (203) 658-9400, or MacKenzie Partners, Inc., the
proxy solicitor for RSP, toll-free at (800) 322-2885 or collect at (212) 929-5500. You will not be charged for any of these documents that you
request.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 7/219

Table of Contents

ABOUT THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS

This document, which forms part of a registration statement on Form S-4 filed with the SEC by Concho (File No. 333-224354), constitutes a
prospectus of Concho under Section 5 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (which we refer to as the “Securities Act”) with respect to the shares of
common stock of Concho, par value $0.001 per share (which we refer to as “Concho common stock”) to be issued to RSP stockholders pursuant to the
Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated March 27, 2018 (which, as it may be amended from time to time, we refer to as the “merger agreement”), among
RSP, Concho and Green Merger Sub Inc. (which we refer to as “Merger Sub”).

This document also constitutes a notice of meeting and proxy statement of each of Concho and RSP under Section 14(a) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (which we refer to as the “Exchange Act”).

Concho has supplied all information contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to Concho, and RSP has supplied all information
contained or incorporated by reference herein relating to RSP. Concho and RSP have both contributed to the information relating to the merger
agreement contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

You should rely only on the information contained in or incorporated by reference herein in connection with any vote, the giving or withholding of
any proxy or any investment decision in connection with the merger agreement. Concho and RSP have not authorized anyone to provide you with
information that is different from that contained in or incorporated by reference herein. This joint proxy statement/prospectus is dated June 6, 2018, and
you should not assume that the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is accurate as of any date other than such date unless
otherwise specifically provided herein. Further, you should not assume that the information incorporated by reference herein is accurate as of any date
other than the date of the incorporated document. Neither the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to Concho or RSP stockholders nor the
issuance by Concho of shares of Concho common stock pursuant to the merger agreement will create any implication to the contrary.

All currency amounts referenced in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are in U.S. dollars.



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 8/219

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS    1 
SUMMARY    14 

Information About the Companies    14 
The Merger and the Merger Agreement    15 
Risk Factors    15 
Treatment of RSP Equity Awards    16 
Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    16 
Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    16 
Opinions of Financial Advisors    16 
Special Meeting of Concho Stockholders    17 
Special Meeting of RSP Stockholders    19 
Interests of Concho Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    20 
Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    21 
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger    21 
No Solicitation    23 
Changes of Recommendation    24 
Termination    25 
Termination Fees    26 
Regulatory Approvals    28 
Specific Performance; Remedies    28 
No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    28 
Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger    29 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    29 
Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights    29 
Listing of Concho Common Stock; Delisting and Deregistration of RSP Shares    30 

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CONCHO    31 
SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF RSP    34 
SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA    36 
SUMMARY PRO FORMA OIL, NATURAL GAS AND NGL RESERVE INFORMATION    37 
COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA    38 
COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION    39 
RISK FACTORS    41 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS    51 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES    53 
SPECIAL MEETING OF CONCHO STOCKHOLDERS    54 

Date, Time and Place    54 
Purpose of the Concho Special Meeting    54 
Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors    54 

 
-i-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 9/219

Table of Contents

Record Date and Outstanding Shares of Concho Common Stock    54 
Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    54 
Methods of Voting    55 
Adjournment    56 
Revocability of Proxies    56 
Proxy Solicitation Costs    56 
No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    57 
Other Information    57 
Assistance    57 
Vote of Concho’s Directors and Executive Officers    57 
Attending the Concho Special Meeting    57 
Results of the Concho Special Meeting    58 

CONCHO PROPOSAL    59 
SPECIAL MEETING OF RSP STOCKHOLDERS    60 

Date, Time and Place    60 
Purpose of the RSP Special Meeting    60 
Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors    60 
Record Date and Outstanding Shares of RSP Common Stock    60 
Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes    60 
Methods of Voting    61 
Adjournment    62 
Revocability of Proxies    62 
Proxy Solicitation Costs    63 
No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    63 
Other Information    63 
Assistance    63 
Vote of RSP’s Directors and Executive Officers    63 
Attending the RSP Special Meeting    64 
Results of the RSP Special Meeting    64 

RSP PROPOSALS    65 
THE MERGER    66 

Transaction Structure    66 
Consideration to RSP Stockholders    66 
Background of the Merger    66 
Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    76 
Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor    80 
Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger    92 
Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor    96 
Concho Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information    108 

 
-ii-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 10/219

Table of Contents

RSP Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information    110 
Regulatory Approvals    114 
Interests of Concho Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    114 
Board of Directors and Management of Concho Following Completion of the Merger    114 
Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger    115 
Treatment of RSP Equity Awards    115 
Executive Officer Severance Arrangements    117 
Possible New Agreements with RSP Executive Officers    118 
Merger-Related Compensation    118 
Indemnification and Insurance    120 
Listing of Concho Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of RSP Shares    120 
Accounting Treatment of the Merger    121 
Treatment of Indebtedness    121 
Litigation Relating to the Merger    121 

THE MERGER AGREEMENT    123 
Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement    123 
The Merger    123 
Closing    123 
Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers    124 
Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger Consideration    124 
Treatment of RSP Equity Awards in the Merger    125 
Payment for Securities; Exchange    125 
Withholding Taxes    127 
No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights    127 
Representations and Warranties    128 
Interim Operations of RSP and Concho Pending the Merger    131 
No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation    135 
Preparation of Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Registration Statement    143 
Special Meetings    144 
Access to Information    146 
HSR and Other Regulatory Approvals    146 
Employee Matters    148 
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance    149 
Transaction Litigation    150 
Public Announcements    150 
Advice of Certain Matters    150 
Transfer Taxes    150 
Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification    150 

 
-iii-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 11/219

Table of Contents

Section 16 Matters    151 
Stock Exchange Listing and Delisting    151 
Financing Cooperation    151 
Tax Matters    151 
Takeover Laws    152 
Obligations of Merger Sub    152 
RSP Corporate Offices    152 
Conditions to the Completion of the Merger    152 
Termination    155 
Effect of Termination    157 
Expenses    158 
Specific Performance; Remedies    158 
No Third Party Beneficiaries    158 
Amendment    158 
Governing Law    159 

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER    160 
UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    163 
NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS    169 
COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS    177 
NO DISSENTERS’ OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS    188 
SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF CONCHO    189 
SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF RSP    191 
VALIDITY OF COMMON STOCK    194 
TAX OPINIONS    195 
EXPERTS    196 
HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS    198 
FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS    199 
WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION    201 
Annex A—Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of March 27, 2018   
Annex B—Opinion of Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC   
Annex C—Opinion of Tudor Pickering & Co Advisors LP   
 

-iv-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 12/219

Table of Contents

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS ABOUT THE MERGER AND THE SPECIAL MEETINGS

The following are answers to certain questions that you may have regarding the Concho and RSP special meetings. Concho and RSP urge you to
read carefully the remainder of this document because the information in this section may not provide all the information that might be important to you
in determining how to vote. Additional important information is also contained in the annexes to, and the documents incorporated by reference in, this
document.

 
Q: Why am I receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus?
 

A: You are receiving this joint proxy statement/prospectus because Concho, RSP and Merger Sub have entered into the merger agreement, pursuant
to which, on the terms and subject to the conditions included in the merger agreement, Concho has agreed to acquire RSP by means of a merger of
Merger Sub with and into RSP, with RSP surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho (which we refer to as the “merger”) and
your vote is required in connection with the merger. The merger agreement, which governs the terms of the merger, is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A.

Concho. The issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger must be approved by the Concho stockholders in
accordance with the rules of the New York Stock Exchange (which we refer to as the “NYSE”) in order for the merger to be consummated.
Concho is holding a special meeting of its stockholders (which we refer to as the “Concho special meeting”) to obtain that approval. Your vote is
very important. We encourage you to submit a proxy to have your shares of Concho common stock voted as soon as possible.

RSP. The merger agreement must be adopted by the RSP stockholders in accordance with the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware
(which we refer to as the “DGCL”) in order for the merger to be consummated. RSP is holding a special meeting of its stockholders (which we
refer to as the “RSP special meeting”) to obtain that approval. RSP stockholders will also be asked to vote on a non-binding advisory proposal to
approve certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to RSP’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the
merger. Your vote is very important. We encourage you to submit a proxy to have your shares of RSP common stock voted as soon as possible.

 
Q: When and where will the special meetings take place?
 

A: Concho. The Concho special meeting will be held at 10 a.m., Central Time, on July 17, 2018, at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue,
Midland, Texas 79701.

RSP. The RSP special meeting will be held at 10 a.m., Central Time, on July 17, 2018, at 3141 Hood Street, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75219.

 
Q: What matters will be considered at the special meetings?
 

A: Concho. The Concho stockholders are being asked to consider and vote on a proposal to approve the issuance of shares of Concho common stock
in connection with the merger as contemplated by the merger agreement (which we refer to as the “Concho issuance proposal”).

RSP. The RSP stockholders are being asked to consider and vote on:
 

 •  a proposal to adopt the merger agreement (which we refer to as the “merger proposal”); and
 

 
•  a proposal to approve, by a non-binding advisory vote, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to RSP’s named executive

officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger (which we refer to as the “non-binding compensation advisory proposal”).
 

-1-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 13/219

Table of Contents

Q: Is my vote important?
 

A: Concho. Yes. Your vote is very important. The merger cannot be completed unless the Concho issuance proposal is approved by the affirmative
vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders present in person or by proxy at the Concho special meeting and entitled to vote on the
proposal. Only Concho stockholders as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting. The board of
directors of Concho (which we refer to as the “Concho board” or the “Concho board of directors”) unanimously recommends that such Concho
stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Concho issuance proposal.

RSP. Yes. Your vote is very important. The merger cannot be completed unless the merger proposal is approved by the affirmative vote of a
majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote on the proposal. Only RSP stockholders as of the close of business on the
record date are entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting. The board of directors of RSP (which we refer to as the “RSP board” or the “RSP
board of directors”) unanimously recommends that such RSP stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the merger proposal and “FOR” the
approval of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

 
Q: If my shares of Concho and/or RSP common stock are held in “street name” by my broker, bank or other nominee, will my broker, bank

or other nominee automatically vote those shares for me?
 

A: If your shares are held through a broker, bank or other nominee, you are considered the “beneficial holder” of the shares held for you in what is
known as “street name.” The “record holder” of such shares is your broker, bank or other nominee, and not you. If this is the case, this joint proxy
statement/prospectus has been forwarded to you by your broker, bank or other nominee. You must provide the record holder of your shares
with instructions on how to vote your shares. Otherwise, your broker, bank or other nominee may not vote your shares on any of the proposals
to be considered at the Concho special meeting or the RSP special meeting, as applicable. A so called “broker non-vote” will result if your broker,
bank or other nominee returns a proxy but does not provide instruction as to how shares should be voted on a particular matter.

Under the current rules of the NYSE, brokers, banks or other nominees do not have discretionary authority to vote on the Concho issuance
proposal. Because the only proposal for consideration at the Concho special meeting is a non-discretionary proposal, it is not expected that there
will be any broker non-votes at the Concho special meeting. However, if there are any broker non-votes, they will have no effect on the Concho
issuance proposal.

Under the current rules of the NYSE, brokers, banks or other nominees do not have discretionary authority to vote on any of the proposals at the
RSP special meeting. Because the only proposals for consideration at the RSP special meeting are nondiscretionary proposals, it is not expected
that there will be any broker non-votes at the RSP special meeting. However, if there are any broker non-votes, they will have (i) the same effect
as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal and (ii) no effect on the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

 
Q: What Concho stockholder vote is required for the approval of the Concho issuance proposal?
 

A: Approval of the Concho issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders present in person or by
proxy at the Concho special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the
proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

 
-2-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 14/219

Table of Contents

Q: What RSP stockholder vote is required for the approval of the merger proposal and non-binding compensation advisory proposal?
 

A: The RSP merger proposal. Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common
stock entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal. Failure to
vote on the merger proposal will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal.

The RSP non-binding compensation advisory proposal. Approval of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal requires the affirmative vote
of a majority of the shares of RSP common stock present in person or represented by proxy at the RSP special meeting and entitled to vote on the
proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of
the vote. As an advisory vote, this proposal is not binding upon RSP or the RSP board or Concho or the Concho board, and approval of this
proposal is not a condition to completion of the merger.

 
Q: Who will count the votes?
 

A: The votes at the Concho special meeting will be counted by an independent inspector of elections appointed by the Concho board. The votes at the
RSP special meeting will be counted by an independent inspector of elections appointed by the RSP board.

 
Q: What will RSP stockholders receive if the merger is completed?
 

A: As a result of the merger, each share of RSP common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (other
than any excluded shares, as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger
Consideration” beginning on page 124, and any shares of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock (each, as
defined and discussed in the Question and Answer directly below) not treated as shares of RSP common stock) will be converted into the right to
receive 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock (which we refer to as the “merger consideration”). We refer to such shares of RSP common
stock eligible to receive the merger consideration as “eligible shares.”

If you receive the merger consideration and would otherwise be entitled to receive a fractional share of Concho common stock, you will receive
cash in lieu of such fractional share, and you will not be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights in respect of such fractional share.
For additional information regarding the merger consideration, see the sections entitled “The Merger—Consideration to RSP Stockholders” and
“The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger Consideration” beginning on page 66 and 124, respectively.

 
Q: What will holders of RSP equity awards receive in the merger?
 

A: At the effective time of the merger, each outstanding RSP equity award will be treated as a share of RSP common stock, including the right to
receive the merger consideration.

RSP Time-Based Restricted Stock. Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of restricted RSP common stock
subject only to time-based vesting (which we refer to as the “RSP time-based restricted stock”) granted under RSP’s 2014 Long Term Incentive
Plan (which we refer to as the “RSP stock plan”) will automatically vest in full and any forfeiture restrictions applicable to such shares of RSP
time-based restricted stock will lapse immediately. As a result, each share of RSP time-based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the
same rights as a share of RSP common stock for purposes of the merger, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable
taxes required to be withheld.

RSP Performance-Based Restricted Stock. Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of restricted RSP
common stock subject to performance-based vesting (which we refer to

 
-3-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 15/219

Table of Contents

as the “RSP performance-based restricted stock”) granted under the RSP stock plan will be deemed to have satisfied any continued service or
time-based vesting requirements and have the applicable performance period end. RSP’s performance with respect to the performance goals
applicable to such shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock will be calculated based on actual performance through the effective time of
the merger, as reasonably determined by the compensation committee of the RSP board, in order to determine the number of shares of RSP
performance-based restricted stock that will vest (such vesting shares, the “earned performance-based restricted stock”), and any forfeiture
requirements applicable to such earned performance-based restricted stock will lapse immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. As a
result, each share of earned performance-based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the same rights as a share of RSP common stock
for purposes of the merger, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.

For additional information regarding the treatment of RSP equity awards, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Treatment of RSP
Equity Awards in the Merger” beginning on page 125.

 
Q: What equity stake will RSP stockholders hold in Concho immediately following the merger?
 

A: Based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of Concho and RSP common stock as of May 31, 2018, and the exchange ratio of 0.320 of
a share of Concho common stock for each share of RSP common stock, holders of shares of RSP common stock as of immediately prior to the
effective time of the merger would hold, in the aggregate, approximately 25.5% of the issued and outstanding shares of Concho common stock
immediately following the effective time of the merger. The exact equity stake of RSP stockholders in Concho immediately following the effective
time of the merger will depend on the number of shares of Concho common stock and RSP common stock issued and outstanding immediately
prior to the effective time of the merger, as provided in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock;
Merger Consideration” beginning on page 124.

 
Q: How do the Concho and RSP boards recommend that I vote?
 

A: Concho. The Concho board unanimously recommends that Concho stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Concho issuance proposal. For
additional information regarding how the Concho board recommends that Concho stockholders vote, see the section entitled “The Merger—
Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 76.

RSP. The RSP board unanimously recommends that RSP stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the merger proposal and “FOR” the approval
of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal. For additional information regarding how the RSP board recommends that RSP stockholders
vote, see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 92.

 
Q: Why are RSP stockholders being asked to vote on executive officer compensation?
 

A: The SEC has adopted rules that require RSP to seek a non-binding advisory vote on certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to
RSP’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger. RSP urges its stockholders to read the section entitled “The
Merger—Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 115.

 
Q: Who is entitled to vote at the special meeting?
 

A: Concho special meeting. The Concho board has fixed June 1, 2018 as the record date for the Concho special meeting. All holders of record of
shares of Concho common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Concho special
meeting, provided that those shares remain outstanding on the date of the Concho special meeting. As of the record date, there were 149,069,231
shares of Concho common stock outstanding. Physical attendance at the Concho special meeting is not required to vote. Instructions on how to
vote your shares without attending the Concho special meeting are provided in this section below.

 
-4-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 16/219

Table of Contents

RSP special meeting. The RSP board has fixed June 1, 2018 as the record date for the RSP special meeting. All holders of record of shares of RSP
common stock as of the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the RSP special meeting, provided that
those shares remain outstanding on the date of the RSP special meeting. As of the record date, there were 159,422,836 shares of RSP common
stock outstanding. Physical attendance at the RSP special meeting is not required to vote. Instructions on how to vote your shares without
attending the RSP special meeting are provided in this section below.

 
Q: How many votes do I have?
 

A: Concho stockholders. Each Concho stockholder of record is entitled to one vote for each share of Concho common stock held of record by him or
her as of the close of business on the record date.

RSP stockholders. Each RSP stockholder of record is entitled to one vote for each share of RSP common stock held of record by him or her as of
the close of business on the record date.

 
Q: What constitutes a quorum for the Concho and/or RSP special meetings?
 

A: A quorum is the minimum number of stockholders necessary to hold a valid meeting.

Quorum for Concho special meeting. The presence at the Concho special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the
outstanding shares of Concho common stock entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting constitutes a quorum. If you submit a properly
executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for the proposal or vote to “abstain” in respect of the proposal, your shares of Concho common stock
will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the Concho special meeting. Broker
non-votes will not be treated as present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the Concho special meeting.

Quorum for RSP special meeting. The presence at the RSP special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding
shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting constitutes a quorum. If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even
if you do not vote for the proposal or vote to “abstain” in respect of the proposal, your shares of RSP common stock will be counted for purposes
of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the RSP special meeting. Broker non-votes will not be treated as
present for purposes of determining the presence of a quorum at the RSP special meeting.

 
Q: What will happen to RSP as a result of the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, Merger Sub will merge with and into RSP. As a result of the merger, the separate corporate existence of Merger Sub
will cease, and RSP will continue as the surviving corporation in the merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho. Furthermore, shares of
RSP common stock will no longer be publicly traded.

 
Q: I own shares of RSP common stock. What will happen to those shares as a result of the merger?
 

A: If the merger is completed, your shares of RSP common stock will be converted into the right to receive the merger consideration. All such shares
of RSP common stock, when so converted, will cease to be outstanding and will automatically be cancelled. Each holder of a share of RSP
common stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will cease to have any rights with respect to shares of
RSP common stock except the right to receive the merger consideration, any dividends or distributions made with respect to shares of Concho
common stock with a record date after the effective

 
-5-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 17/219

Table of Contents

 

time of the merger, and any cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock, in each case to be issued or paid upon the
exchange of any certificates or book-entry shares of RSP common stock for merger consideration. For additional information, see the sections
entitled “The Merger—Consideration to RSP Stockholders” and “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger
Consideration” beginning on page 66 and 124, respectively.

 
Q: Where will the Concho common stock that RSP stockholders receive in the merger be publicly traded?
 

A: Assuming the merger is completed, the shares of Concho common stock that RSP stockholders receive in the merger will be listed and traded on
the NYSE.

 
Q: What happens if the merger is not completed?
 

A: If the merger proposal is not approved by RSP stockholders or if the Concho issuance proposal is not approved by Concho stockholders or if the
merger is not completed for any other reason, RSP stockholders will not receive any merger consideration in connection with the merger, and their
shares of RSP common stock will remain outstanding. RSP will remain an independent public company and RSP common stock will continue to
be listed and traded on the NYSE. Additionally, if the merger proposal is not approved by RSP stockholders or if the merger is not completed for
any other reason, Concho will not issue shares of Concho common stock to RSP stockholders, regardless of whether the Concho issuance proposal
is approved. If the merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, either RSP or Concho (depending on the circumstances) may be
required to pay the other party a termination fee, reverse termination fee or other termination-related payment. For a more detailed discussion of
the termination fees, see “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 155.

 
Q: What happens if the non-binding compensation advisory proposal is not approved?
 

A: This vote is advisory and non-binding, and the merger is not conditioned or dependent upon the approval of the non-binding compensation
advisory proposal. However, RSP and Concho value the opinions of RSP stockholders and Concho expects to consider the outcome of the vote,
along with other relevant factors, when considering future executive compensation, assuming the merger is completed.

 
Q: What is a proxy and how can I vote my shares in person at the special meetings?
 

A: A proxy is a legal designation of another person to vote the stock you own.

Concho. Shares of Concho common stock held directly in your name as the stockholder of record as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the
record date, may be voted in person at the Concho special meeting. If you choose to attend the Concho special meeting, you will need to bring
valid, government-issued photo identification. If you are a beneficial owner of Concho common stock but not the stockholder of record of such
shares of Concho common stock, you will also need proof of stock ownership to be admitted to the Concho special meeting. A recent brokerage
statement or a letter from a broker, bank or other nominee are examples of proof of ownership. Please note that if your shares are held in “street
name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the Concho special meeting, you will not be permitted to vote in person unless
you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner and present it to the inspector of election with your ballot at the Concho
special meeting. To request a legal proxy, contact your broker, bank or other nominee holder of record. It is suggested you do so in a timely
manner to ensure receipt of your legal proxy prior to the Concho special meeting.

Failure to bring the appropriate documentation may delay your entry into or prevent you from attending the Concho special meeting. The doors to
the meeting room will be closed promptly at the start of the meeting and stockholders will not be permitted to enter after that time.

 
-6-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 18/219

Table of Contents

RSP. Shares of RSP common stock held directly in your name as the stockholder of record as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record
date, may be voted in person at the RSP special meeting. If you choose to attend the RSP special meeting, you will need to bring valid,
government-issued photo identification. If you are a beneficial owner of RSP common stock but not the stockholder of record of such shares of
RSP common stock, you will also need proof of stock ownership to be admitted to the RSP special meeting. A recent brokerage statement or a
letter from a broker, bank or other nominee are examples of proof of ownership. Please note that if your shares are held in “street name” by a
broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the RSP special meeting, you will not be permitted to vote in person unless you first obtain
a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner and present it to the inspector of election with your ballot at the RSP special meeting. To
request a legal proxy, contact your broker, bank or other nominee holder of record. It is suggested you do so in a timely manner to ensure receipt
of your legal proxy prior to the RSP special meeting.

Failure to bring the appropriate documentation may delay your entry into or prevent you from attending the RSP special meeting. The doors to the
meeting room will be closed promptly at the start of the meeting and stockholders will not be permitted to enter after that time.

 
Q: How can I vote my shares without attending the special meetings?
 

A: Concho. If you are a stockholder of record of Concho common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date, you can vote by
proxy by phone, the Internet or mail by following the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card. Please note that if you are a beneficial
owner, you may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, or otherwise by following instructions provided by
your broker, bank or other nominee. Phone and Internet voting may be available to beneficial owners. Please refer to the vote instruction form
provided by your broker, bank or other nominee.

RSP. If you are a stockholder of record of RSP common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date, you can vote by proxy
by phone, the Internet or mail by following the instructions provided in the enclosed proxy card. Please note that if you are a beneficial owner, you
may vote by submitting voting instructions to your broker, bank or other nominee, or otherwise by following instructions provided by your broker,
bank or other nominee. Phone and Internet voting may be available to beneficial owners. Please refer to the vote instruction form provided by
your broker, bank or other nominee.

 
Q: What is the difference between holding shares as a stockholder of record and as a beneficial owner?
 

A: Concho. If your shares of Concho common stock are registered directly in your name with Concho’s transfer agent, American Stock Transfer &
Trust Company, LLC, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and access to proxy materials is being provided
directly to you. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a broker, bank or other nominee, then you are considered the beneficial
owner of those shares, which are considered to be held in “street name.” Access to proxy materials is being provided to you by your broker, bank
or other nominee who is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares.

RSP. If your shares of RSP common stock are registered directly in your name with RSP’s transfer agent, American Stock Transfer & Trust
Company, LLC, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares, and access to proxy materials is being provided directly
to you. If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a broker, bank or other nominee, then you are considered the beneficial owner of
those shares, which are considered to be held in “street name.” Access to proxy materials is being provided to you by your broker, bank or other
nominee who is considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares.

 
Q: What should I do if I receive more than one set of voting materials?
 

A: You may receive more than one set of voting materials relating to the Concho special meeting and/or the RSP special meeting if you hold shares of
both Concho and RSP common stock or if you hold shares of

 
-7-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 19/219

Table of Contents

 
Concho and/or RSP common stock in “street name” and also directly in your name as a stockholder of record or otherwise or if you hold shares of
Concho and/or RSP common stock in more than one brokerage account.

Direct holders (stockholders of record). For shares of Concho and/or RSP common stock held directly, complete, sign, date and return each proxy
card (or cast your vote by phone or the Internet as provided on each proxy card) or otherwise follow the voting instructions provided in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus in order to ensure that all of your shares of Concho and/or RSP common stock are voted.

Shares in “street name.” For shares of Concho and/or RSP common stock held in “street name” through a broker, bank or other nominee, follow
the instructions provided by your broker, bank or other nominee to vote your shares.

 
Q: I hold shares of both Concho and RSP common stock. Do I need to vote separately for each company?
 

A: Yes. You will need to separately follow the applicable procedures described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus both with respect to the voting
of shares of Concho common stock and with respect to the voting of shares of RSP common stock in order to effectively vote the shares of
common stock you hold in each company.

 
Q: If a stockholder gives a proxy, how will the shares of Concho or RSP common stock, as applicable, covered by the proxy be voted?
 

A: If you provide a proxy, regardless of whether you provide that proxy by phone, the Internet or completing and returning the applicable enclosed
proxy card, the individuals named on the enclosed proxy card will vote your shares of Concho common stock or your shares of RSP common
stock, as applicable, in the way that you indicate when providing your proxy in respect of the shares of common stock you hold in such company.
When completing the phone or Internet processes or the proxy card, you may specify whether your shares of Concho or RSP common stock, as
applicable, should be voted for or against, or abstain from voting on, all, some or none of the specific items of business to come before the Concho
special meeting or the RSP special meeting, as applicable.

 
Q: How will my shares of common stock be voted if I return a blank proxy?
 

A: Concho. If you sign, date and return your proxy and do not indicate how you want your shares of Concho common stock to be voted, then your
shares of Concho common stock will be voted “FOR” the approval of the Concho issuance proposal.

RSP. If you sign, date and return your proxy and do not indicate how you want your shares of RSP common stock to be voted, then your shares of
RSP common stock will be voted “FOR” the approval of the merger proposal and “FOR” the approval of the non-binding compensation advisory
proposal.

 
Q: Can I change my vote after I have submitted my proxy?
 

A: Concho. Yes. If you are a stockholder of record of Concho common stock as of the close of business on the record date, whether you vote by
phone, the Internet or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is voted at the Concho special meeting in one of the following ways:

 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again by phone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice of your revocation to the Concho Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the address

provided above; or
 

-8-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 20/219

Table of Contents

 
•  vote in person at the Concho special meeting. Please note that your attendance at the Concho special meeting will not alone serve to revoke

your proxy.

If you are a beneficial owner of Concho common stock as of the close of business on the record date, you must follow the instructions of your
broker, bank or other nominee to revoke or change your voting instructions.

RSP. Yes. If you are a stockholder of record of RSP common stock as of the close of business on the record date, whether you vote by phone, the
Internet or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is voted at the RSP special meeting in one of the following ways:

 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again by phone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 •  give written notice of your revocation to the RSP Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the address provided above; or
 

 
•  vote in person at the RSP special meeting. Please note that your attendance at the RSP special meeting will not alone serve to revoke your

proxy.

If you are a beneficial owner of RSP common stock as of the close of business on the record date, you must follow the instructions of your broker,
bank or other nominee to revoke or change your voting instructions.

 
Q: Where can I find the voting results of the special meetings?
 

A: Within four business days following certification of the final voting results, Concho and RSP each intend to file the final voting results of its
special meeting with the SEC in a Current Report on Form 8-K.

 
Q: If I do not favor the adoption of the merger agreement as a Concho and/or RSP stockholder, what are my rights?
 

A: Concho stockholders. Under Delaware law, Concho stockholders are not entitled to dissenters’ or appraisal rights in connection with the issuance
of shares of Concho common stock as contemplated by the merger agreement. Concho stockholders may vote against the Concho issuance
proposal if they do not favor the merger.

RSP stockholders. Because shares of RSP common stock are listed on the NYSE and holders of shares of RSP common stock are not required to
receive consideration other than shares of Concho common stock, which are listed on the NYSE, and cash in lieu of fractional shares in the
merger, holders of shares of RSP common stock are not entitled to exercise dissenters’ or appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with
the merger. RSP stockholders may vote against the merger proposal if they do not favor the merger.

 
Q: Are there any risks that I should consider as a Concho and/or RSP stockholder in deciding how to vote?
 

A: Yes. You should read and carefully consider the risk factors set forth in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41. You also should
read and carefully consider the risk factors of Concho and RSP contained in the documents that are incorporated by reference in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

 
Q: What happens if I sell my shares before the special meetings?
 

A: Concho stockholders. The record date for Concho stockholders entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting is earlier than the date of the
Concho special meeting. If you transfer your shares of Concho common stock after the record date but before the Concho special meeting, you
will, unless special arrangements are made, retain your right to vote at the Concho special meeting.

 
-9-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 21/219

Table of Contents

RSP stockholders. The record date for RSP stockholders entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting is earlier than the date of the RSP special
meeting. If you transfer your shares of RSP common stock after the record date but before the RSP special meeting, you will, unless special
arrangements are made, retain your right to vote at the RSP special meeting but will have transferred the right to receive the merger consideration
to the person to whom you transferred your shares of RSP common stock.

 
Q: What are the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to RSP stockholders?
 

A: It is a condition to RSP’s and Concho’s respective obligation to complete the merger that each receive a written opinion from its respective
counsel to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions set forth or referred to in such opinions, for U.S. federal income
tax purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended
(which we refer to as the “Internal Revenue Code”).

Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization U.S. holders of shares of RSP common stock generally will not recognize any U.S. federal
income tax gain or loss upon receipt of Concho common stock in exchange for RSP common stock in the merger, except that gain or loss will be
recognized with respect to any cash received in lieu of a fractional share of Concho common stock. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of
the merger are discussed in more detail in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on
page 29. The discussion of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is intended to
provide only a general discussion and is not a complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger
that may vary with, or are dependent on, individual circumstances. In addition, it does not address the effects of any foreign, state or local tax
laws.

TAX MATTERS ARE COMPLICATED AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF
YOUR OWN SITUATION. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES
OF THE MERGER TO YOU IN YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

 
Q: When is the merger expected to be completed?
 

A: Concho and RSP are working to complete the merger as quickly as possible. Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 152, including the approval of the
merger proposal by RSP stockholders at the RSP special meeting and the approval of the Concho issuance proposal by Concho stockholders at the
Concho special meeting, the transaction is expected to close in the third quarter of 2018. However, neither Concho nor RSP can predict the actual
date on which the merger will be completed, nor can the parties assure that the merger will be completed, because completion is subject to
conditions beyond either company’s control.

 
Q: If I am a RSP stockholder, how will I receive the merger consideration to which I am entitled?
 

A: If you are a holder of certificates that represent eligible shares of RSP common stock (which we refer to as “RSP common stock certificates”), a
notice advising you of the effectiveness of the merger and a letter of transmittal and instructions for the surrender of your RSP common stock
certificates will be mailed to you as soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger. After receiving proper documentation from you, the
exchange agent will send to you (i) a statement reflecting the aggregate whole number of shares of Concho common stock (which will be in
uncertificated book-entry form) that you have a right to receive pursuant to the merger agreement and (ii) a check in the amount equal to the cash
payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock
issuable to you as merger consideration.

 
-10-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 22/219

Table of Contents

If you are a holder of book-entry shares representing eligible shares of RSP common stock (which we refer to as “RSP book-entry shares”) which
are held through the Depository Trust Company (which we refer to as “DTC”), the exchange agent will transmit to DTC or its nominees as soon
as reasonably practicable on or after the closing date, the merger consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and
any dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock issuable as merger consideration, in each case, that DTC has the
right to receive.

If you are a holder of record of RSP book-entry shares which are not held through DTC, the exchange agent will deliver to you, as soon as
practicable after the effective time of the merger, (i) a notice advising you of the effectiveness of the merger, (ii) a statement reflecting the
aggregate whole number of shares of Concho common stock (which will be in uncertificated book-entry form) that you have a right to receive
pursuant to the merger agreement and (iii) a check in the amount equal to the cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common
stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock issuable to you as merger consideration.

No interest will be paid or accrued on any amount payable for shares of RSP common stock eligible to receive the merger consideration pursuant
to the merger agreement.

For additional information on the exchange of RSP common stock for the merger consideration, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Payment for Securities; Exchange” beginning on page 125.

 
Q: If I am a holder of RSP common stock certificates, do I need to send in my stock certificates at this time to receive the merger

consideration?
 

A: No. Please DO NOT send your RSP common stock certificates with your proxy card. You should carefully review and follow the instructions set
forth in the letter of transmittal, which will be mailed to you, regarding the surrender of your stock certificates.

 
Q: If I am a RSP Stockholder, will the shares of Concho common stock issued in the merger receive a dividend?
 

A: After the completion of the merger, the shares of Concho common stock issued in connection with the merger will carry with them the right to
receive the same dividends on shares of Concho common stock as all other holders of shares of Concho common stock, for any dividend the
record date for which occurs after the merger is completed.

For the past three years, Concho has not paid a dividend on the shares of Concho common stock, as described in greater detail in the section
entitled “Comparative Per Share Market Price and Dividend Information—Concho Market Price and Dividend Information” beginning on
page 39. Any future Concho dividends will remain subject to approval by the Concho board.

 
Q: Who will solicit and pay the cost of soliciting proxies?
 

A: Concho. Concho has retained Morrow Sodali LLC (which we refer to as “Morrow Sodali”) to assist in the solicitation process. Concho will pay
Morrow Sodali a fee of approximately $25,000, as well as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. Concho also has agreed to
indemnify Morrow Sodali against various liabilities and expenses that relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain
exceptions).

RSP. RSP has retained MacKenzie Partners, Inc. (which we refer to as “MacKenzie Partners”) to assist in the solicitation process. RSP will pay
MacKenzie Partners a fee expected not to exceed $100,000, as well as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. RSP also has agreed to
indemnify MacKenzie Partners against various liabilities and expenses that relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain
exceptions).

 
-11-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 23/219

Table of Contents

Q: What is “householding”?
 

A: To reduce the expense of delivering duplicate proxy materials to stockholders who may have more than one account holding RSP common stock
but who share the same address, RSP has adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure, certain
stockholders of record who have the same address and last name will receive only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus until such
time as one or more of these stockholders notifies RSP that they want to receive separate copies. In addition, the broker, bank or other nominee for
any stockholder who is a beneficial owner of RSP common stock may deliver only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to multiple
stockholders who share the same address, unless that broker, bank or other nominee has received contrary instructions from one or more of the
RSP stockholders. This procedure reduces duplicate mailings and saves printing costs and postage fees, as well as natural resources. RSP
stockholders who participate in householding will continue to have access to and utilize separate proxy voting instructions. Concho has not elected
to institute householding.

 
Q: What should I do now?
 

A: You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus carefully and in its entirety, including the annexes, and return your completed, signed and
dated proxy card by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or submit your voting instructions by phone or the Internet as soon as possible so
that your shares of Concho and/or RSP common stock will be voted in accordance with your instructions.

 
Q: Who can answer my questions about the Concho and/or RSP special meeting or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement?
 

A: Concho stockholders. If you have questions about the Concho special meeting or the information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus, or desire additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or additional proxies, contact Concho’s proxy solicitor:

 

470 West Avenue
Stamford, CT 06902

Banks and Brokers Call: (203) 658-9400
All Others Call Toll-Free: (800) 662-5200
E-mail: Concho.info@morrowsodali.com

RSP stockholders. If you have questions about the RSP special meeting or the information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, or
desire additional copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus or additional proxies, contact RSP’s proxy solicitor:

 

1407 Broadway, 27th Floor
New York, New York 10018

RSP@mackenziepartners.com
Call Collect: (212) 929-5500

Toll-Free: (800) 322-2885
 

-12-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 24/219

Table of Contents

Q: Where can I find more information about Concho, RSP and the merger?
 

A: You can find out more information about Concho, RSP and the merger by reading this joint proxy statement/prospectus and, with respect to
Concho and RSP, from various sources described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.

 
-13-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 25/219

Table of Contents

SUMMARY

This summary highlights selected information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and does not contain all of the information
that may be important to you. You should read this joint proxy statement/prospectus and its annexes carefully and in its entirety and the other
documents to which Concho and RSP refer before you decide how to vote with respect to the proposals to be considered and voted on at the special
meeting for your company. In addition, Concho and RSP incorporate by reference important business and financial information about Concho and
RSP into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as further described in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on
page 201. You may obtain the information incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus without charge by following the
instructions in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201. Each item in this summary includes a
page reference directing you to a more complete description of that item in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Information About the Companies (page 53)

Concho Resources Inc.

One Concho Center
600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701
Phone: (432) 683-7443

Concho, whose legal name is Concho Resources Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in February 2006. Based in Midland, Texas, Concho is
an independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and production of oil and natural gas properties.
Concho’s core operations are primarily focused in the Permian Basin of southeast New Mexico and West Texas. The Permian Basin is one of the
most prolific oil and natural gas producing regions in the United States and is characterized by an extensive production history, long reserve life,
multiple producing horizons and enhanced recovery potential. Currently, the majority of the rigs running in the Permian Basin are drilling
horizontal wells. Concho’s legacy in the Permian Basin provides it with a deep understanding of operating and geological trends. Concho is
actively developing its resource base by utilizing extended length lateral drilling, enhanced completion techniques, multi-well pad locations and
large-scale development projects throughout its four core operating areas: the Northern Delaware Basin, the Southern Delaware Basin, the Midland
Basin and the New Mexico Shelf.

RSP Permian, Inc.

3141 Hood Street, Suite 500
Dallas, Texas 75219
Phone: (214) 252-2700

RSP, whose legal name is RSP Permian, Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in September 2013. Based in Dallas, Texas, RSP is an
independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, development and production of unconventional oil
and associated liquids-rich natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin of West Texas. The vast majority of RSP’s acreage is located on large,
contiguous acreage blocks in the core of the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin, both sub-basins of the Permian Basin. The Midland Basin
properties are primarily in the adjacent counties of Midland, Martin, Andrews, Ector, and Glasscock. The Delaware Basin properties are in Loving
and Winkler counties.

 
-14-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 26/219

Table of Contents

Green Merger Sub Inc.

c/o Concho Resources Inc.
One Concho Center
600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701
Phone: (432) 683-7443

Merger Sub, whose legal name is Green Merger Sub Inc., is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Concho. Upon the completion of the
merger, Merger Sub will cease to exist. Merger Sub was incorporated in Delaware on March  23, 2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the merger.

The Merger and the Merger Agreement (page 123)

The terms and conditions of the merger are contained in the merger agreement, which is attached to this document as Annex A and is
incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. Concho and RSP encourage you to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety, as it is
the legal document that governs the merger.

The Concho board and RSP board each has unanimously approved the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement. Pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions included in the merger agreement, Concho has agreed to acquire RSP by means of a
merger of Merger Sub with and into RSP, with RSP surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho.

Merger Consideration (page 66)

As a result of the merger, each eligible share of RSP common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger will be converted into the right to receive 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock (the merger consideration).

RSP stockholders will not be entitled to receive any fractional shares of Concho common stock in the merger, and no RSP stockholders will
be entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights in respect of any fractional shares of Concho common stock. RSP stockholders that would
have otherwise been entitled to receive a fractional share of Concho common stock will instead be entitled to receive, in lieu of fractional shares, an
amount in cash, without interest, equal to the product of the volume weighted average price of Concho common stock for the five consecutive
trading days immediately prior to the closing date as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., multiplied by the fraction of a share of Concho common stock to
which the holder would otherwise be entitled.

Risk Factors (page 41)

The merger and an investment in Concho common stock involve risks, some of which are related to the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. You should carefully consider the information about these risks set forth under the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on
page 41, together with the other information included or incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, particularly the risk
factors contained in Concho’s and RSP’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K. RSP stockholders should carefully consider the risks set out in that section
before deciding how to vote with respect to the merger proposal and non-binding compensation advisory proposal to be considered and voted on at
the RSP special meeting, and Concho stockholders should carefully consider the risks set out in that section before deciding how to vote with
respect to the Concho issuance proposal to be considered and voted on at the Concho special meeting. For additional information, see the section
entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.

 
-15-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 27/219

Table of Contents

Treatment of RSP Equity Awards (page 115)

RSP Time-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of shares of RSP time-based restricted stock granted under the
RSP stock plan will automatically vest in full and any forfeiture restrictions applicable to such shares of RSP time-based restricted stock will lapse
immediately. As a result, each share of RSP time-based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the same rights as a share of RSP common
stock, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.

RSP Performance-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock granted
under the RSP stock plan will be deemed to have satisfied any continued service or time-based vesting requirements and have the applicable
performance period end. RSP’s performance with respect to the performance goals applicable to such shares of RSP performance-based restricted
stock will be calculated based on actual performance through the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the compensation
committee of the RSP board, in order to determine the number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock that will vest, and any
forfeiture requirements applicable to such earned performance-based restricted stock will lapse immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger. As a result, each share of earned performance-based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the same rights as a share of RSP
common stock for purposes of the merger, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.

Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger (page 76)

The Concho board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal. For the factors considered by the Concho
board in reaching this decision and additional information on the recommendation of the Concho board, see the section entitled “The Merger—
Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 76.

Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger (page 92)

The RSP board unanimously recommends that you vote “FOR” the merger proposal and “FOR” the non-binding compensation advisory
proposal. For the factors considered by the RSP board in reaching this decision and additional information on the recommendation of the RSP
board, see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page  92.

Opinions of Financial Advisors (pages 80 and 96)

Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s financial advisor

Concho retained Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC (which we refer to as “Morgan Stanley”) as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. Morgan Stanley delivered its oral opinion to the Concho board on March 27, 2018, which
opinion was subsequently confirmed in a written opinion dated March 27, 2018, that, as of the date of such opinion, and subject to the various
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan
Stanley as set forth in its written opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Concho.

The full text of Morgan Stanley’s written opinion, dated March 27, 2018, which sets forth assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and limitations on the review undertaken in connection with the

 
-16-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 28/219

Table of Contents

opinion, is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. Concho stockholders
should read Morgan Stanley’s opinion carefully and in its entirety for a discussion of the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion. This summary is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. Morgan Stanley’s opinion was directed to the Concho board, in its capacity as
such, and addressed only the fairness from a financial point of view to Concho of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement as of the
date of such opinion. Morgan Stanley’s opinion did not address any other aspects or implications of the merger. Morgan Stanley’s opinion did not
in any manner address the price at which the Concho common stock would trade following the consummation of the merger or at any time, and
Morgan Stanley expressed no opinion or recommendation to any holder of shares of Concho common stock or RSP common stock as to how such
holder should vote at the Concho special meeting or the RSP special meeting, respectively, or whether to take any other action with respect to the
merger.

For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor” beginning on
page 80 and Annex B.

Opinion of TPH, RSP’s financial advisor

RSP retained Tudor Pickering Holt & Co Advisors LP (which we refer to as “TPH”) as its exclusive financial advisor in connection with a
potential strategic transaction with Concho and other strategic alternatives. On March 27, 2018, TPH rendered to the RSP board its oral opinion,
which was subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 27, 2018, that, based upon and subject to the limitations,
qualifications and assumptions set forth in its opinion, as of the date of the opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of
eligible shares of RSP common stock pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such stockholders.

The full text of TPH’s written opinion, dated March 27, 2018, which describes, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures
followed, factors considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference in its entirety. The summary of TPH’s opinion set forth in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. RSP stockholders are urged to read the TPH opinion
carefully and in its entirety. TPH delivered its opinion for the information and assistance of the RSP board in connection with its evaluation of the
merger. The opinion speaks only as of the date and time it was rendered and not as of the time of the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement or any other time. The TPH opinion is not a recommendation as to how any holder of shares of RSP common stock should vote with
respect to the merger proposal or the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page  96 and
Annex C.

Special Meeting of Concho Stockholders (page 54)

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the Concho Special Meeting

The Concho special meeting will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue,
Midland, Texas 79701. The purpose of the Concho special meeting is to consider and vote on the Concho issuance proposal. Approval of the
Concho issuance proposal is a condition to the obligation of Concho and RSP to complete the merger.

 
-17-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 29/219

Table of Contents

Record Date and Outstanding Shares of Concho Common Stock

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of Concho common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date
for the Concho special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Concho special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the
Concho special meeting.

As of the close of business on the record date, there were 149,069,231 shares of Concho common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to
vote at the Concho special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of Concho common stock that you held as of the close of business on the
record date.

A complete list of Concho stockholders entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting will be available for inspection at Concho’s principal
place of business during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the Concho special meeting and during the Concho
special meeting at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue, Midland, Texas 79701.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of Concho stockholders is necessary for Concho to hold a valid meeting. The presence at the Concho special meeting, in person or
by proxy, of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting constitutes
a quorum.

If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for the proposal or vote to “abstain” in respect of the proposal, your
shares of Concho common stock will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the
Concho special meeting. Concho common stock held in “street name” with respect to which the beneficial owner fails to give voting instructions to
the broker, bank or other nominee, and Concho common stock with respect to which the beneficial owner otherwise fails to vote, will not be
considered present and entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

A broker non-vote will result if your broker, bank or other nominee returns a proxy but does not provide instruction as to how shares should
be voted on a particular matter. It is not expected that there will be any broker non-votes at the Concho special meeting. However, if there are any
broker non-votes, the shares will not be considered present and entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting for the purpose of determining the
presence of a quorum.

Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendation of the Concho board.

Required Vote to Approve the Concho Issuance Proposal

Approval of the Concho issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders entitled to vote on
the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome
of the vote.

The Concho issuance proposal is described in the section entitled “Concho Proposal” beginning on page 59.

Voting by Directors and Executive Officers

As of May 31, 2018, Concho directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, owned and were entitled to vote 1,700,926
shares of Concho common stock, or approximately 1.1% of the total outstanding shares of Concho common stock as of May 31, 2018.

 
-18-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 30/219

Table of Contents

Concho currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal.

Adjournment

If a quorum is not present or if there are not sufficient votes for the approval of the Concho issuance proposal, Concho expects that the
Concho special meeting will be adjourned by the chairman of the Concho special meeting to solicit additional proxies in accordance with the
merger agreement. At any subsequent reconvening of the Concho special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the manner in
which such proxies would have been voted at the original convening of the Concho special meeting, except for any proxies that have been validly
revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent meeting.

Special Meeting of RSP Stockholders (page 60)

Date, Time, Place and Purpose of the RSP Special Meeting

The RSP special meeting will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, at 3141 Hood Street, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75219. The
purpose of the RSP special meeting is to consider and vote on the merger proposal and the non-binding compensation advisory proposal. Approval
of the merger proposal is a condition to the obligation of RSP and Concho to complete the merger. Approval of the non-binding compensation
advisory proposal is not a condition to the obligation of either RSP or Concho to complete the merger.

Record Date and Outstanding Shares of RSP Common Stock

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of RSP common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date for
the RSP special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the RSP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the RSP special
meeting.

As of the close of business on the record date, there were 159,422,836 shares of RSP common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to
vote at the RSP special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of RSP common stock that you held as of the close of business on the record
date.

A complete list of RSP stockholders entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting will be available for inspection at RSP’s principal place of
business during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the RSP special meeting and during the RSP special meeting at
3141 Hood Street, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75219.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of RSP stockholders is necessary for RSP to hold a valid meeting. The presence at the RSP special meeting, in person or by proxy,
of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting constitutes a quorum.

If you submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for the proposal or vote to “abstain” in respect of the proposal, your
shares of RSP common stock will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the RSP
special meeting. RSP common stock held in “street name” with respect to which the beneficial owner fails to give voting instructions to the broker,
bank or other nominee, and RSP common stock with respect to which the beneficial owner otherwise fails to vote, will not be considered present
and entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

 
-19-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 31/219

Table of Contents

A broker non-vote will result if your broker, bank or other nominee returns a proxy but does not provide instruction as to how shares should
be voted on a particular matter. It is not expected that there will be any broker non-votes at the RSP special meeting. However, if there are any
broker non-votes, the shares will not be considered present and entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting for the purpose of determining the
presence of a quorum.

Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the RSP board.

Required Vote to Approve the Merger Proposal

Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote
on the proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal. Failure to vote on the
merger proposal will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal.

The merger proposal is described in the section entitled “RSP Proposals” beginning on page 65.

Required Vote to Approve the Non-Binding Compensation Advisory Proposal

Approval of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of RSP common stock
present in person or represented by proxy at the RSP special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as
a vote “AGAINST” the proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

The non-binding compensation advisory proposal is described in the section entitled “RSP Proposals” beginning on page 65.

Voting by Directors and Executive Officers

As of May 31, 2018, RSP directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, owned and were entitled to vote 13,395,685 shares
of RSP common stock, or approximately 8.4% of the total outstanding shares of RSP common stock as of May 31, 2018.

RSP currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the merger proposal and “FOR” the
non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

Adjournment

If a quorum is not present or if there are not sufficient votes for the approval of the merger proposal, RSP expects that the RSP special
meeting will be adjourned by the chairman of the RSP special meeting to solicit additional proxies in accordance with the merger agreement. At
any subsequent reconvening of the RSP special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the manner in which such proxies would
have been voted at the original convening of the RSP special meeting, except for any proxies that have been validly revoked or withdrawn prior to
the subsequent meeting.

Interests of Concho Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 114)

In considering the recommendation of the Concho board with respect to the Concho issuance proposal, Concho stockholders should be aware
that the executive officers and directors of Concho have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Concho
stockholders generally. These interests are described in more detail in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Concho Directors and
Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 114. The members of the Concho board were aware of and

 
-20-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 32/219

Table of Contents

considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement, in approving the merger agreement and in
determining to recommend that Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal.

Board of Directors and Management of Concho Following Completion of the Merger (page 114)

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Concho has agreed to take all necessary corporate action so that upon and after the effective time
of the merger, the size of the Concho board is increased by one member, and prior to the completion of the merger, one member of the RSP board
determined to be independent by the Concho board and to be mutually agreed between RSP and Concho is appointed to the Concho board to fill the
vacancy on the Concho board created by such increase. Concho, through the Concho board, has agreed to take all necessary action to nominate
such new director for election to the Concho board in the proxy statement relating to the first annual meeting of the stockholders of Concho
following the completion of the merger.

On May 17, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement and in accordance with the Concho certificate of incorporation and Concho
bylaws, the Concho board increased the size of the Concho board by one member (which we refer to as the “board size increase”). In addition, the
Concho board appointed Steven Gray, the current Chief Executive Officer of RSP, who had been unanimously recommended by the RSP board, to
fill the vacancy created by the board size increase. Mr. Gray will serve as a Class III director of Concho until the next annual meeting of
stockholders of Concho in which Class III directors are elected. Both the board size increase and appointment of Mr. Gray to the Concho board are
effective as of, and contingent upon the occurrence of, the effective time of the merger.

Upon completion of the merger, the current directors and executive officers of Concho are expected to continue in their current positions,
other than as may be publicly announced by Concho in the normal course.

Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger (page 115)

In considering the recommendation of the RSP board with respect to the merger proposal and the non-binding compensation advisory
proposal, RSP stockholders should be aware that the executive officers and directors of RSP have interests in the merger that may be different
from, or in addition to, the interests of RSP stockholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to, the treatment in the merger of
awards of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock held by RSP directors and executive officers, potential
benefits upon a qualifying termination of employment in connection with the merger and rights to ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage.

These interests are described in more detail in the sections entitled “The Merger—Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the
Merger,” “The Merger—Treatment of RSP Equity Awards,” “The Merger—Executive Officer Severance Arrangements” and “The Merger—Merger-
Related Compensation” beginning on pages 115, 115, 117 and 118, respectively.

The members of the RSP board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger
agreement, in approving the merger agreement and in determining to recommend that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger (page 152)

Each party’s obligation to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following mutual conditions:
 

 
•  Concho Stockholder Approval. The Concho issuance proposal must have been approved in accordance with applicable law and the

Concho organizational documents, as applicable.

 
-21-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 33/219

Table of Contents

 
•  RSP Stockholder Approval. The merger proposal must have been approved in accordance with applicable law and the RSP

organizational documents, as applicable.
 

 
•  Regulatory Approval. Any waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (which we

refer to as the “HSR Act”) applicable to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement must have expired
or been terminated.

 

 

•  No Injunctions or Restraints. Any governmental entity having jurisdiction over Concho, RSP and Merger Sub must not have issued any
order, decree, ruling, injunction or other action that is in effect (whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) restraining, enjoining or
otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger and any law that makes the consummation of the merger illegal or otherwise
prohibited must not have been adopted.

 

 
•  Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part,

must have been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act and must not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings
seeking a stop order.

 

 
•  NYSE Listing. The shares of Concho common stock issuable to RSP stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement must have been

authorized for listing on the NYSE, upon official notice of issuance.

The obligations of Concho and Merger Sub to complete the merger are subject to the satisfaction or waiver of further conditions, including:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of RSP contained in the merger agreement as of March 27, 2018 and as of the closing

date (other than representations that by their terms speak specifically as of another date or period of time), subject to the materiality
standards provided in the merger agreement;

 

 
•  RSP having performed and complied with in all material respects all of its obligations under the merger agreement required to be

performed or complied with at or prior to the effective time of the merger;
 

 
•  Concho having received a certificate of RSP signed by an executive officer of RSP, dated as of the closing date, confirming that the

conditions set forth in the two bullets directly above have been satisfied; and
 

 

•  Concho having received an opinion from Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Concho, dated as
of the closing date (and, if requested, dated as of the date on which the registration statement, of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC), to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, representations and
assumptions set forth or referred to in such opinion, the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a)
of the Internal Revenue Code.

The obligation of RSP to complete the merger is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following additional conditions:
 

 
•  the accuracy of the representations and warranties of Concho contained in the merger agreement as of March 27, 2018 and as of the

closing date (other than representations that by their terms speak specifically as of another date or period of time), subject to the
materiality standards provided in the merger agreement;

 

 
•  Concho and Merger Sub having performed and complied with in all material respects all of their respective obligations under the

merger agreement required to be performed or complied with by them at or prior to the effective time of the merger;
 

 
•  RSP having received a certificate of Concho signed by an executive officer of Concho, dated as of the closing date, confirming that the

conditions in the two bullets directly above have been satisfied; and

 
-22-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 34/219

Table of Contents

 

•  RSP having received an opinion from Vinson & Elkins LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to RSP, dated as of the
closing date (and, if requested, dated as of the date on which the registration statement, of which this proxy statement/prospectus
supplement forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC), to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions
set forth or referred to in such opinion, the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code.

No Solicitation (page 135)

No Solicitation by Concho

Concho has agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, Concho and its officers and directors will not, will cause Concho’s subsidiaries and
their respective officers and directors not to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of Concho and its
subsidiaries not to, directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit any inquiry or propose the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or would
reasonably be expected to result in, a Concho competing proposal (as such term is defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—Definitions of Competing Proposals” beginning on page 141).

No Solicitation by RSP

RSP has agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, RSP and its officers and directors will, will cause RSP’s subsidiaries and their
respective officers and directors to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of RSP and its subsidiaries to,
immediately cease, and cause to be terminated, any discussion or negotiations ongoing with any third party with respect to any inquiry, proposal or
offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a RSP competing proposal (as such term is defined in the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—Definitions of Competing Proposals” beginning on page 141).

RSP has also agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, RSP and its officers and directors will not, will cause RSP’s subsidiaries and their
respective officers and directors not to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of RSP and its subsidiaries not
to:
 

 
•  initiate, solicit, propose, knowingly encourage, or knowingly facilitate any inquiry or the making of any proposal or offer that

constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a RSP competing proposal;
 

 
•  engage in, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions with any person with respect to or negotiations with any person with

respect to, relating to, or in furtherance of a RSP competing proposal or any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be
expected to lead to a RSP competing proposal;

 

 
•  furnish any information regarding RSP or its subsidiaries, or access to the properties, assets or employees of RSP or its subsidiaries, to

any person in connection with or in response to any RSP competing proposal or any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be
expected to lead to a RSP competing proposal;

 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or agreement in principal, or other agreement providing for a RSP competing proposal (other than certain

confidentiality agreements entered into as permitted by the merger agreement); or
 

 •  submit any RSP competing proposal to the vote of RSP stockholders.

 
-23-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 35/219

Table of Contents

Notwithstanding the agreements described above, prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP
stockholders, RSP may engage in the second and third bullets directly above with any person if (i) RSP receives a bona fide written RSP competing
proposal from such person that was not solicited at any time following March 27, 2018; and (ii) such RSP competing proposal did not arise from a
breach of the obligations described directly above and in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—Definitions of Competing Proposals” beginning on page 141; provided, however, that:
 

 
•  no information that is prohibited from being furnished pursuant to the foregoing obligations may be furnished until RSP receives an

executed confidentiality agreement, subject to certain conditions;
 

 
•  any non-public information furnished to any third party will have previously been made available to Concho or is made available to

Concho prior to or concurrently with the time such information is made available to such third party;
 

 

•  prior to taking any such actions, the RSP board or any committee of the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its
financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that such RSP competing proposal is, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a RSP
superior proposal (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation” beginning
on page 135); and

 

 
•  prior to taking any such actions, the RSP board determines in good faith after consultation with its outside legal counsel that failure to

take such action would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable
law.

Notwithstanding the above restrictions, RSP may, (i) in response to an unsolicited inquiry or proposal, seek to clarify the terms and
conditions of such inquiry or proposal to determine whether such inquiry or proposal constitutes a RSP superior proposal and (ii) in response to an
inquiry or proposal from a third party, inform a third party or its representative of the “no solicitation” obligations described above (without
conveying, requesting or attempting to gather any other information except as otherwise specifically permitted under the merger agreement).

Changes of Recommendation (page 135)

Concho Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the Concho board may not effect a Concho recommendation change (as defined in the section
entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—Concho: Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation”
beginning on page 138).

RSP Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the RSP board may not effect a RSP recommendation change (as defined in the section entitled
“The Merger Agreement—No-Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—RSP: Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page
138).

Concho: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

At any time prior to, but not after, the time that the Concho issuance proposal has been approved by Concho stockholders, if a Concho
intervening event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—Concho: Permitted
Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 139) occurs, Concho may effect a Concho
recommendation change if:
 

 
•  the Concho board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel and financial advisors, that a Concho

intervening event has occurred and, after consultation with its outside

 
-24-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 36/219

Table of Contents

 
legal counsel, that the failure to effect a Concho recommendation change in response to such Concho intervening event would be
inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the Concho board to the Concho stockholders under applicable law; and

 

 
•  Concho provides RSP written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance and

complies with certain obligations, each as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation” beginning on page 135.

RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

Prior to, but not after, the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, in response to a bona fide written RSP competing
proposal from a third party that was not solicited at any time following March 27, 2018 and did not arise from a breach of the “no solicitation”
obligations described above and in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by
RSP,” the RSP board may effect a RSP recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement if:
 

 

•  the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that such RSP
competing proposal is a RSP superior proposal and, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that the failure to effect a RSP
recommendation change in response to such RSP superior proposal would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP
board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law; and

 

 

•  RSP provides Concho written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance
(including a copy of the available proposed RSP competing proposal and any applicable transaction and financing documents) and
complies with certain obligations, each as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal”
beginning on page 139.

RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

Prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, in response to a RSP intervening event (as
defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—RSP: Permitted Changes of
Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 140) that occurs or arises after March 27, 2018 and that did not arise
from or in connection with a breach of the merger agreement by RSP, RSP may effect a RSP recommendation change if:
 

 

•  the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that a RSP intervening
event has occurred and, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failure to effect a RSP recommendation change in response
to such RSP intervening event would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board to the stockholders of RSP under
applicable law; and

 

 
•  RSP provides Concho written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance and

complies with certain obligations, each as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 140.

Termination (page 155)

Concho and RSP may terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to the effective time of the merger by mutual
written consent of Concho and RSP.

 
-25-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 37/219

Table of Contents

The merger agreement may also be terminated by either Concho or RSP at any time prior to the effective time of the merger in any of the
following situations:
 

 

•  if any governmental entity having jurisdiction over any party has issued any order, decree, ruling or injunction or taken any other action
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger and such order, decree, ruling or injunction
or other action has become final and nonappealable, or if any law has been adopted that permanently makes the consummation of the
merger illegal or otherwise permanently prohibited, so long as the terminating party has not breached any material covenant or
agreement under the merger agreement that has caused or resulted in such order, decree, ruling or injunction or other action;

 

 
•  upon an end date termination event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination Rights”

beginning on page 155); or
 

 
•  upon a RSP stockholder approval termination event or a Concho stockholder approval termination event (as each term is defined in the

section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination Rights” beginning on page 155).

In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated by Concho:
 

 
•  if prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, if the RSP board or a committee of the

RSP board has effected a RSP recommendation change, other than as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or
entering into a Concho takeover proposal;

 

 
•  upon a RSP breach termination (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination Rights”

beginning on page 155); or
 

 
•  upon a RSP no solicitation breach termination event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—

Termination Rights” beginning on page 155).

Further, the merger agreement may be terminated by RSP:
 

 
•  upon a RSP superior proposal termination event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination

Rights” beginning on page 155);
 

 
•  upon a Concho breach termination event (as defined in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination—Termination Rights”

beginning on page 155); or
 

 
•  if prior to, but not after, the time the Concho issuance proposal has been approved by Concho stockholders, if the Concho board or a

committee of the Concho board has effected a Concho recommendation change.

Termination Fees (page 156)

Termination Fees Payable by Concho

The merger agreement requires Concho to pay RSP a termination fee of $350 million (which we refer to as the “reverse termination fee”) if:
 

 •  RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho recommendation change;
 

 
•  Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP stockholder approval termination event and on or before such

termination there was a RSP recommendation change as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a
Concho takeover proposal;

 

 
•  (i) (A) Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho stockholder approval termination event, and on or before the

date of any such termination, a Concho competing proposal was

 
-26-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 38/219

Table of Contents

 

publicly announced or publicly disclosed and was not publicly withdrawn without qualification at least seven business days prior to the
Concho special meeting or (B) RSP or Concho terminates the merger agreement due to an end date termination event or RSP
terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho breach termination event and following March 27, 2018 and on or before the date of
any such termination, a Concho competing proposal was announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the Concho board and
not withdrawn without qualification at least seven business days prior to the date of such termination (however, a Concho competing
proposal will not be deemed to have been “publicly withdrawn” by any person if, within 12 months of the termination of the merger
agreement, Concho or any of its subsidiaries have entered into a definitive agreement with respect to, or have consummated, or have
approved or recommended to the Concho stockholders or otherwise not opposed, in the case of a tender offer or exchange offer, a
Concho competing proposal made by or on behalf of such person or any of its affiliates), and (ii) within 12 months after the date of
such termination, Concho enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a Concho competing proposal (or publicly approves or
recommends to the Concho stockholders or otherwise does not oppose, in the case of a tender or exchange offer, a Concho competing
proposal) or consummates a Concho competing proposal. For purposes of this paragraph, any reference in the definition of Concho
competing proposal to “20%” will be deemed to be a reference to “more than 50%” and any Concho competing proposal made prior to
March 27, 2018 will be deemed to have been made following March 27, 2018 if Concho breaches the “no solicitation” obligations
described above and in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by
Concho” with respect to such Concho competing proposal.

In no event will Concho be required to pay the reverse termination fee on more than one occasion.

Termination Fees Payable by RSP

The merger agreement requires RSP to pay Concho a termination fee of $250 million (which we refer to as the “termination fee”) if:
 

 •  RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP superior proposal termination event;
 

 
•  Concho terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP recommendation change (other than as a result of a RSP recommendation

change as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho takeover proposal) or due to a RSP no
solicitation breach termination event;

 

 

•  (i) (A) Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP stockholder approval termination event (other than any such
termination following a RSP recommendation change as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a
Concho takeover proposal) and on or before the date of any such termination, a RSP competing proposal was publicly announced or
publicly disclosed and was not publicly withdrawn without qualification at least seven business days prior to the RSP special meeting
or (B) RSP or Concho terminates the merger agreement due to an end date termination event or Concho terminates the merger
agreement due to a RSP breach termination event and following March 27, 2018 and on or before the date of any such termination, a
RSP competing proposal has been announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the RSP board and not withdrawn without
qualification at least seven business days prior to the date of such termination (however, a RSP competing proposal will not be deemed
to have been “publicly withdrawn” by any person if, within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, RSP or any of its
subsidiaries have entered into a definitive agreement with respect to, or have consummated, or have approved or recommended to the
RSP stockholders or otherwise have not opposed, in the case of a tender offer or exchange offer, a RSP competing proposal made by or
on behalf of such person or any of its affiliates), and (ii) within 12 months after the date of such termination, RSP enters into a
definitive agreement with respect to a RSP

 
-27-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 39/219

Table of Contents

 

competing proposal (or publicly approves or recommends to the RSP stockholders or otherwise does not oppose, in the case of a tender
or exchange offer, a RSP competing proposal) or consummates a RSP competing proposal. For purposes of this paragraph, any
reference in the definition of RSP competing proposal to “20%” will be deemed to be a reference to “more than 50%” and any RSP
competing proposal made prior to March 27, 2018 will be deemed to have been made following March 27, 2018 if RSP breaches the
“no solicitation” obligations described above and in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—No Solicitation by RSP” with respect to such RSP competing proposal.

In no event will RSP be required to pay the termination fee on more than one occasion.

Regulatory Approvals (page 114)

The completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of antitrust clearance in the United States. Under the HSR Act, and the rules
promulgated thereunder, the merger may not be completed until notification and report forms have been filed with the Federal Trade Commission
(which we refer to as the “FTC”) and the Department of Justice (which we refer to as the “DOJ”) and the applicable waiting period (or any
extension of such waiting period) has expired or been terminated.

On April 27, 2018, Concho and RSP received notice of early termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.

Neither Concho nor RSP is aware of any material governmental approvals or actions that are required for completion of the merger other than
as described above. It is presently contemplated that if any such additional material governmental approvals or actions are required, those approvals
or actions will be sought.

For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—HSR and Other Regulatory Approvals” beginning on page 146.

Specific Performance; Remedies (page 158)

Concho, RSP and Merger Sub have agreed that each will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, or any other appropriate form of specific
performance or equitable relief, to prevent breaches of the merger agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the merger
agreement.

Except in the case of fraud or a willful and material breach, the monetary remedies and the specific performance remedies set forth in the
merger agreement will be the receiving party’s sole and exclusive remedy against the paying party.

No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights (page 188)

No dissenters’ or appraisal rights will be available with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

 
-28-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 40/219

Table of Contents

Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger (page 160)

It is a condition to RSP’s and Concho’s respective obligation to complete the merger that each receive a written opinion from its respective
counsel to the effect that, on the basis of facts, representations and assumptions set forth or referred to in such opinions, for U.S. federal income tax
purposes, the merger will qualify as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.

Assuming the merger qualifies as a reorganization U.S. holders of shares of RSP common stock generally will not recognize any gain or upon
receipt of Concho common stock in exchange for RSP common stock in the merger, except that gain or loss will be recognized with respect to any
cash received in lieu of a fractional share of Concho common stock. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger are discussed in more
detail in the section entitled “Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences of the Merger” beginning on page 160. The discussion of the
material U.S. federal income tax consequences contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is intended to provide only a general discussion
and is not a complete analysis or description of all potential U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger that may vary with, or are
dependent on, individual circumstances. In addition, it does not address the effects of any foreign, state or local tax laws.

TAX MATTERS ARE COMPLICATED AND THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER WILL DEPEND ON THE FACTS OF
YOUR OWN SITUATION. YOU SHOULD CONSULT YOUR OWN TAX ADVISOR AS TO THE SPECIFIC TAX CONSEQUENCES AS A
RESULT OF THE MERGER TO YOU IN YOUR PARTICULAR CIRCUMSTANCES.

Litigation Relating to the Merger (page 121)

Following the public announcement of the merger, three putative shareholder class action lawsuits were filed against RSP, the members of the
RSP board, and in two lawsuits, Concho and Merger Sub. All three actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District
of Texas. Among other remedies, the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The defendants have not yet
answered or otherwise responded to the complaints.

For additional information, see the section entitled “Litigation Relating to the Merger” beginning on page 121.

Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights (page 177)

The rights of RSP stockholders who receive shares of Concho common stock in the merger will be governed by the Restated Certificate of
Incorporation of Concho (which we refer to as the “Concho certificate of incorporation”) and the Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Concho
(which we refer to as the “Concho bylaws”), rather than by the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RSP (which we refer to as the
“RSP certificate of incorporation”) and the Amended and Restated Bylaws of RSP (which we refer to as the “RSP bylaws”). As a result, RSP
stockholders will have different rights once they become Concho stockholders due to the differences in the organizational documents of RSP and
Concho. The key differences are described in the section entitled “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights” beginning on page 177.

 
-29-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 41/219

Table of Contents

Listing of Concho Common Stock; Delisting and Deregistration of RSP Shares (page 120)

If the merger is completed, the shares of Concho common stock to be issued in the merger will be listed for trading on the NYSE, shares of
RSP common stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the Exchange Act, and RSP will no longer be required to file periodic
reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

 
-30-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 42/219

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF CONCHO

The following table presents selected historical consolidated financial data for Concho (1) as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017,
2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and (2) as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017. The consolidated financial data for each of the
years ended December 31, 2017, 2016 and 2015, and as of December 31, 2017 and 2016 have been derived from Concho’s selected financial data
and audited consolidated financial statements included in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017, as
amended, and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, each of which is incorporated by reference herein in its
entirety. The selected historical consolidated financial data of Concho for each of the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013 and as of
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from Concho’s selected financial data and audited consolidated financial statements for such
years, which have not been incorporated by reference herein. The selected historical consolidated financial data for the three months ended March
31, 2018 and 2017 and as of March 31, 2018 have been derived from Concho’s unaudited consolidated financial data included in its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. This selected balance sheet
data as of March 31, 2017 has been derived from Concho’s unaudited consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017, which have not been
incorporated by reference herein.

The information set forth below is only a summary and is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations of Concho nor does it
include the effects of the merger. This summary should be read together with the other information contained in Concho’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, including the
sections entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” and the consolidated financial
statements and related notes therein. For additional information, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on
page 201.
 

  

As of and for the
Three Months

Ended March 31,
(unaudited)   As of and for the Years Ended December 31,  

  (in millions, except per share amounts)  
  2018   2017   2017   2016(1)   2015   2014   2013  
Statement of operations data:        

Total operating revenues  $ 947  $ 612  $ 2,586  $ 1,635  $ 1,804  $ 2,660  $ 2,320 
Total operating costs and expenses   75   449   (1,512)   (3,704)   (1,477)   (1,580)   (1,704) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Income (loss) from operations  $1,022  $1,061  $ 1,074  $(2,069)  $ 327  $ 1,080  $ 616 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax  $ 835  $ 650  $ 956  $(1,462)  $ 66  $ 538  $ 239 
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax   —     —     —     —     —     —     12 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders  $ 835  $ 650  $ 956  $(1,462)  $ 66  $ 538  $ 251 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Basic earnings per share:        
Income (loss) from continuing operations  $ 5.60  $ 4.39  $ 6.44  $(10.85)  $ 0.54  $ 4.89  $ 2.28 
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax   —     —     —     —     —     —     0.11 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders  $ 5.60  $ 4.39  $ 6.44  $(10.85)  $ 0.54  $ 4.89  $ 2.39 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-31-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 43/219

Table of Contents

  

As of and for the
Three Months

Ended March 31,
(unaudited)   As of and for the Years Ended December 31,  

  (in millions, except per share amounts)  
  2018   2017   2017   2016(1)   2015   2014   2013  
Diluted earnings per share:        

Income (loss) from continuing operations  $ 5.58  $ 4.37  $ 6.41  $ (10.85)  $ 0.54  $ 4.88  $ 2.28 
Income from discontinued operations, net of tax   —     —     —     —     —     —     0.11 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net income (loss) attributable to common stockholders  $ 5.58  $ 4.37  $ 6.41  $ (10.85)  $ 0.54  $ 4.88  $ 2.39 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Other financial data:        
Net cash provided by operations  $ 488  $ 407  $ 1,695  $ 1,384  $ 1,530  $ 1,746  $ 1,330 
Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities  $ (93)  $ 330  $ (1,719)  $ (2,225)  $ (2,602)  $ (2,618)  $(1,864) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities  $ (395)  $ (19)  $ (29)  $ 665  $ 1,301  $ 872  $ 532 
EBITDAX(2)  $ 570  $ 461  $ 1,893  $ 1,633  $ 1,713  $ 2,033  $ 1,686 

Balance sheet data:        
Cash and cash equivalents  $ —    $ 771  $ —    $ 53  $ 229  $ —    $ —   
Property and equipment, net  $13,611  $11,829  $13,041  $11,302  $10,976  $10,206  $ 8,946 
Total assets  $14,381  $13,319  $13,732  $12,119  $12,642  $11,752  $ 9,508 
Long-term debt, including current maturities  $ 2,370  $ 2,741  $ 2,691  $ 2,741  $ 3,332  $ 3,469  $ 3,577 
Stockholders’ equity  $ 9,738  $ 8,532  $ 8,915  $ 7,623  $ 6,943  $ 5,281  $ 3,758 

 
(1) A non-cash impairment charge of approximately $1.5 billion is included in income (loss) from operations for the year ended December 31,

2016.
(2) For additional information regarding EBITDAX and a reconciliation of the GAAP measure of net income (loss) to EBITDAX (non-GAAP)

for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and for the three months ended March 31, 2018 and 2017, see the
section entitled “—Non-GAAP Financial Measures” directly below.

Non-GAAP Financial Measures

Reconciliation of Net Income (Loss) to EBITDAX

EBITDAX (as defined below) is presented in the Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Concho and reconciled from the GAAP
measure of net income (loss) because of its wide acceptance by the investment community as a financial indicator.

For purposes of the Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of Concho, EBITDAX is defined as net income (loss), plus
(1) exploration and abandonments, (2) depreciation, depletion and amortization, (3) accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations,
(4) impairments of long-lived assets, (5) non-cash stock-based compensation, (6) (gain) loss on derivatives, (7) net cash receipts from (payments
on) derivatives, (8) (gain) loss on disposition of assets, net, (9) interest expense, (10) loss on extinguishment of debt, (11) gain on equity method
investment distribution, (12) federal and state income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations and (13) similar items listed above that are
presented in discontinued operations. EBITDAX is not a measure of net income (loss) or cash flows as determined by GAAP.

EBITDAX provides additional information that may be used to better understand Concho’s operations. EBITDAX is one of several metrics
that Concho uses as a supplemental financial measurement in the evaluation of its business and should not be considered as an alternative to, or
more meaningful than, net income (loss) as an

 
-32-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 44/219

Table of Contents

indicator of operating performance. Certain items excluded from EBITDAX are significant components in understanding and assessing a
company’s financial performance, such as a company’s cost of capital and tax structure, as well as the historic cost of depreciable and depletable
assets. EBITDAX, as used by Concho, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. Concho believes that
EBITDAX is a widely followed measure of operating performance and is one of many metrics used by Concho management team and by other
users of Concho consolidated financial statements. For example, EBITDAX can be used to assess Concho’s operating performance and return on
capital in comparison to other independent exploration and production companies without regard to financial or capital structure and to assess the
financial performance of Concho’s assets and the company without regard to capital structure or historical cost basis.

The following table provides a reconciliation of the GAAP measure of net income (loss) to EBITDAX (non-GAAP) for the periods indicated:
 

   

For the Three
Months Ended

March 31,
(unaudited)   For the Years Ended December 31,  

(in millions)   2018   2017   2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
Net income (loss)   $ 835  $ 650  $ 956  $(1,462)  $ 66  $ 538  $ 251 

Exploration and abandonments    18   15   59   77   59   285   109 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization    317   283   1,146   1,167   1,223   980   773 
Accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations    2   2   8   7   8   7   6 
Impairments of long-lived assets    —     —     —     1,525   61   447   65 
Non-cash stock-based compensation    17   12   60   59   63   47   35 
(Gain) loss on derivatives    35   (286)   126   369   (700)   (891)   124 
Net cash receipts from (payments on) derivatives    (112)   28   79   625   633   72   (32) 
(Gain) loss on disposition of assets, net    (723)   (654)   (678)   (118)   54   9   1 
Interest expense    30   40   146   204   215   217   219 
Loss on extinguishment of debt    —     —     66   56   —     4   29 
Gain on equity method investment distribution    (103)   —     —     —     —     —     —   
Income tax expense (benefit) from continuing operations    254   371   (75)   (876)   31   318   118 
Discontinued operations    —     —     —     —     —     —     (12) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

EBITDAX   $ 570  $ 461  $1,893  $ 1,633  $1,713  $2,033  $1,686 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-33-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 45/219

Table of Contents

SELECTED HISTORICAL CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA OF RSP

The following table sets forth RSP’s selected consolidated historical financial information that has been derived from RSP’s consolidated
financial statements (1) as of and for the years ended December 31, 2017, 2016, 2015, 2014 and 2013 and (2) as of and for the three months ended
March 31, 2018 and 2017. The information set forth below is only a summary and is not necessarily indicative of the results of future operations of
RSP nor does it include the effects of the merger. You should read this financial information together with RSP’s consolidated financial statements,
the related notes and the sections entitled “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in its Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 filed on February 27, 2018, as amended, and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the
quarter ended March 31, 2018 filed on May 2, 2018, each of which is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The
selected statement of operations data and cash flow data for the years ended December 31, 2014 and 2013, and selected balance sheet data as of
December 31, 2015, 2014 and 2013 have been derived from RSP’s audited consolidated financial statements for such years, which have not been
incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. The selected historical consolidated financial data for the three months ended
March 31, 2018 and 2017 and as of March 31, 2018 have been derived from RSP’s unaudited consolidated financial data included in its Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, which is incorporated into this joint proxy statement/prospectus by reference. This
selected balance sheet data as of March 31, 2017 has been derived from RSP’s unaudited consolidated financial statements as of March 31, 2017,
which have not been incorporated by reference herein. For additional information, see the section titled “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 201.
 

  

Three Months Ended
March 31,

(unaudited)   Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data)      2018          2017      2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
Statement of Operations Data:        
Revenues:        

Oil sales  $ 252  $ 152  $ 705  $322  $263  $ 253  $110 
Natural gas sales   8   7   36   14   11   11   6 
NGL sales   16   11   63   18   10   18   7 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total revenues   276   170   804   354   284   282   123 
Operating expenses:        

Lease operating expenses   32   25   123   58   53   35   14 
Production and ad valorem taxes   16   10   49   22   20   20   8 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization   76   61   280   194   154   88   47 
Asset retirement obligation accretion   —     —     1   1   1   —     —   
Impairments of oil and natural gas properties   4   —     59   5   34   4   —   
Exploration expenses   —     3   8   1   2   4   1 
General and administrative expenses   15   12   47   36   27   38   4 
Acquisition costs   3   4   4   6   —     —     —   

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total operating expenses   146   115   571   323   291   189   74 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

(Gain) loss on sale of assets   —     —     —     —     1   —     (23) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Operating income (loss)   130   55   233   31   (8)   93   72 
Other income (expense):        

Other income (expenses), net   1   1   3   2   1   —     1 
Net gain (loss) on derivative instruments   3   17   (39)   (24)   21   81   (3) 
Interest expense   (22)   (19)   (82)   (53)   (44)   (14)   (5) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Total other income (expense)   (18)   (1)   (118)   (75)   (22)   67   (7) 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 
   

 

Income (loss) before taxes   112   54   115   (44)   (30)   160   65 
Income tax (expense) benefit   (22)   (15)   117   19   12   (158)   (2) 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Net Income (loss)  $ 90  $ 39  $ 232  $ (25)  $ (18)  $ 2  $ 63 
   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

 
-34-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 46/219

Table of Contents

  

Three Months Ended
March 31,

(unaudited)   Year Ended December 31,  
(in millions, except per share data)      2018          2017      2017   2016   2015   2014   2013  
Earnings (loss) per common share:        

Basic  $ 0.57  $ 0.27  $ 1.50  $ (0.23)  $(0.21)  $0.03  $1.26 
Diluted  $ 0.57  $ 0.26  $ 1.49  $ (0.23)  $(0.21)  $0.03  $1.26 

Cash Flow Data:        
Net cash provided by operating activities  $ 178  $ 107  $ 498  $ 166  $ 219  $ 223  $ 73 
Net cash used in investing activities   (246)   (735)   (1,517)   (1,029)   (875)   (817)   (120) 
Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities   64   (8)   366   1,411   743   637   8 
 

   

As of
March 31,

(unaudited)    As of December 31,  
(in millions)   2018    2017    2017    2016    2015    2014    2013  
Balance Sheet Data:               
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 34   $ 54   $ 38   $ 691   $ 143   $ 56   $ 13 
Other current assets    158    92    111    85    45    118    34 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total current assets    192    146    149    776    188    174    47 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Property, plant and equipment, net   $6,251   $5,529   $6,081   $4,130   $2,758   $2,095   $516 
Other long-term assets    57    51    40    90    21    10    25 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Total assets   $6,500   $5,726   $6,270   $4,996   $2,967   $2,279   $588 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

Current liabilities   $ 251   $ 113   $ 207   $ 108   $ 77   $ 104   $ 31 
Long-term debt    1,580    1,132    1,509    1,132    687    489    128 
NPI payable    —      —      —      —      —      —      37 
Other long-term liabilities    258    365    232    339    344    360    5 

Total stockholders’/members’ equity    4,411    4,116    4,322    3,417    1,859    1,326    387 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 
    

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’/ members’ equity   $6,500   $5,726   $6,270   $4,996   $2,967   $2,279   $588 
    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

    

 

 
-35-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 47/219

Table of Contents

SUMMARY UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL DATA

The following summary unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet data gives effect to the proposed merger as if it had occurred on March
31, 2018 while the unaudited pro forma combined statement of operations data for the year ended December 31, 2017 and the three months ended
March 31, 2018 is presented as if the merger had occurred on January 1, 2017. The following summary unaudited pro forma combined financial
information has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and is not necessarily indicative of what the combined company’s financial position or
results of operations actually would have been had the merger occurred as of the dates indicated. In addition, the unaudited pro forma combined
financial information does not purport to project the future financial position or operating results of the combined company. Future results may
vary significantly from the results reflected because of various factors, including those discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning
on page 41. The following summary unaudited pro forma combined financial information should be read in conjunction with the section titled
“Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 163 and the related notes included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.
 

(in millions, except per share amounts)   
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2018    
Year Ended

December 31, 2017 
Pro Forma Statement of Combined

Operations Data:     
Operating revenues   $ 1,223   $ 3,390 
Net income   $ 923   $ 1,190 
Earnings per share, basic   $ 4.62   $ 5.98 
Earnings per share, diluted   $ 4.59   $ 5.95 

 
(in millions)   

As of
March 31, 2018 

Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet Data:   
Cash and cash equivalents   $ 34 
Total assets   $ 24,125 
Long-term debt   $ 4,014 
Stockholders’ equity   $ 16,655 

 
-36-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 48/219

Table of Contents

SUMMARY PRO FORMA OIL, NATURAL GAS AND NGL RESERVE INFORMATION

The following tables present the estimated pro forma combined net proved developed and undeveloped oil, natural gas and NGL reserves as
of December 31, 2017, along with a summary of changes in quantities of net remaining proved reserves during the year ended December 31, 2017.
The pro forma reserve information set forth below gives effect to the merger as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2017. The
following summary pro forma reserve information has been prepared for illustrative purposes only and is not intended to be a projection of future
results of the combined company. Future results may vary significantly from the results reflected because of various factors, including those
discussed in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41. The summary pro forma reserve information should be read in conjunction
with the section titled “Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 163 and the related notes included in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.
 

   
Year Ended

December 31, 2017  

   
Concho

Historical   
RSP

Historical   

Concho
Pro Forma

Combined(a) 
Estimated proved reserves:       

Natural Gas (Bcf)    2,043    295    2,476 
NGLs (MMBbls)    —      65    —   
Oil and Condensate (MMBbls)    500    262    762 
Crude oil equivalents (MMBoe)    840    376    1,175 

Estimated proved developed reserves:       
Natural Gas (Bcf)    1,512    133    1,708 
NGLs (MMBbls)    —      30    —   
Oil and Condensate (MMBbls)    336    107    443 
Crude oil equivalents (MMBoe)    588    159    728 

 
(a) Adjusted for conversion from three-stream to two-stream reserves based on dry natural gas residue sold and the shrink factor related to NGL

content, resulting in wet gas volumes produced.
 

   
Year Ended

December 31, 2017  

   
Concho

Historical   
RSP

Historical   

Concho Pro
Forma

Combined(a) 
Production:       

Natural Gas (Bcf)    161    15    183 
NGLs (MMBbls)    —      3    —   
Oil and Condensate (MMBbls)    43    14    57 

Crude oil equivalents (MMBoe)    70    20    88 
 
(a) Adjusted for conversion from three-stream to two-stream production based on dry natural gas residue sold and the shrink factor related to

NGL content, resulting in wet gas volumes produced.
 

   
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2018  

   
Concho

Historical   
RSP

Historical   

Concho Pro
Forma

Combined(a) 
Production:       

Natural Gas (Bcf)    45    4    51 
NGLs (MMBbls)    —      1    —   
Oil and Condensate (MMBbls)    13    4    17 

Crude oil equivalents (MMBoe)    21    6    26 
 
(a) Adjusted for conversion from three-stream to two-stream production based on dry natural gas residue sold and the shrink factor related to

NGL content, resulting in wet gas volumes produced.

 
-37-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 49/219

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE HISTORICAL AND UNAUDITED PRO FORMA PER SHARE DATA

The following table presents Concho’s and RSP’s historical and pro forma per share data for the year ended December 31, 2017 and as of and
for the three months ended March 31, 2018. The pro forma per share data for the year ended December 31, 2017 and as of and for the three months
ended March 31, 2018 is presented as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2017. Except for the historical information for the year ended
December 31, 2017, the information provided in the table below is unaudited. This information should be read together with the historical
consolidated financial statements and related notes of Concho and RSP, filed by each with the SEC, and incorporated by reference in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, and with the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements included in the section entitled “Unaudited Pro
Forma Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 163.
 

   

For the Year
Ended

December 31, 2017   

As of and for the
Three Months Ended

March 31, 2018  
Concho     
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

basic share)   $ 6.44   $ 5.60 
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

diluted share)   $ 6.41   $ 5.58 
Cash dividends declared per share    —      —   
Net book value per share    —     $ 64.98 

RSP     
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

basic share)   $ 1.50   $ 0.57 
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

diluted share)   $ 1.49   $ 0.57 
Cash dividends declared per share    —      —   
Net book value per share    —     $ 27.67 

Pro Forma Combined (Unaudited)     
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

basic share)   $ 5.98   $ 4.62 
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

diluted share)   $ 5.95   $ 4.59 
Cash dividends declared per share    —      —   
Net book value per share    —     $ 82.91 

Equivalent RSP     
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

basic share)   $ 1.91   $ 1.48 
Net income attributable to common stockholders (per

diluted share)   $ 1.90   $ 1.47 
Cash dividends declared per share    —      —   
Net book value per share    —     $ 26.53 

 
-38-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 50/219

Table of Contents

COMPARATIVE PER SHARE MARKET PRICE AND DIVIDEND INFORMATION

Concho Market Price and Dividend Information

Concho common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “CXO.” The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share for
Concho common stock for the periods indicated and the cash dividends per share declared with respect to Concho common stock in the periods
indicated, in each case rounded to the nearest whole cent. Concho’s fiscal year ends on December 31.
 

   High ($)    Low ($)    Dividend ($) 
2016:       
First Quarter    107.00    69.94    —   
Second Quarter    130.03    95.87    —   
Third Quarter    137.83    114.33    —   
Fourth Quarter    147.55    123.88    —   
2017:       
First Quarter    145.60    122.65    —   
Second Quarter    136.93    112.73    —   
Third Quarter    134.03    106.73    —   
Fourth Quarter    155.05    128.86    —   
2018:       
First Quarter    162.91    133.58    —   
Second Quarter (through May 31, 2018)    163.11    131.35    —   

RSP Market Price and Dividend Information

RSP common stock is listed on the NYSE under the symbol “RSPP.” The following table sets forth the high and low prices per share for RSP
common stock for the periods indicated and the regular cash dividends per share declared with respect to RSP common stock in the periods
indicated, in each case rounded to the nearest whole cent. RSP’s fiscal year ends on December 31.
 

   High ($)   Low ($)   Dividend ($) 
2016:       
First Quarter    30.14    16.74    —   
Second Quarter    36.50    27.19    —   
Third Quarter    40.74    33.14    —   
Fourth Quarter    46.44    34.93    —   
2017:       
First Quarter    46.92    37.74    —   
Second Quarter    42.37    29.67    —   
Third Quarter    35.58    28.76    —   
Fourth Quarter    41.09    31.08    —   
2018:       
First Quarter    47.17    32.24    —   
Second Quarter (through May 31, 2018)    51.51    40.83    —   

Comparison of Concho and RSP Market Prices and Implied Share Value of the Stock Consideration

The following table sets forth the closing sale price per share of Concho common stock and RSP common stock as reported on the NYSE on
March 27, 2018, the last trading day prior to the public announcement of the

 
-39-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 51/219

Table of Contents

merger, and on May 31, 2018, the last practicable trading day prior to the mailing of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. The table also shows the
estimated implied value of the merger consideration proposed for each share of RSP common stock as of the same two dates. This implied value
was calculated by multiplying the closing price of a share of Concho common stock on the relevant date by the exchange ratio of 0.320 of a share
of Concho common stock for each share of RSP common stock.
 

   
Concho

Common Stock   
RSP

Common Stock   

Implied Per
Share Value
of Merger

Consideration 
March 27, 2018   $ 157.00   $ 38.92   $ 50.24 
May 31, 2018   $ 137.31   $ 43.74   $ 43.94 

Concho and RSP stockholders are encouraged to obtain current market quotations for Concho common stock and RSP common stock and to
review carefully the other information contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. No assurance can be
given concerning the market price of Concho common stock before or after the effective date of the merger. For additional information, see the
section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.

 
-40-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 52/219

Table of Contents

RISK FACTORS

In addition to the other information contained in or incorporated by reference herein, including the matters addressed in the section entitled
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51, RSP stockholders should carefully consider the following risks
before deciding how to vote with respect to the merger proposal and non-binding compensation advisory proposal to be considered and voted on at the
RSP special meeting, and Concho stockholders should carefully consider the following risks before deciding how to vote with respect to the Concho
issuance proposal to be considered and voted on at the Concho special meeting. RSP and Concho stockholders should also consider the other
information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the other documents incorporated by reference herein, particularly the risk factors contained in
Concho’s and RSP’s Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. For additional information, see the section entitled “Where
You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.

Because the exchange ratio is fixed and because the market price of Concho common stock may fluctuate, RSP stockholders cannot be certain
of the precise value of any merger consideration they may receive in the merger.

At the time the merger is completed, each issued and outstanding eligible share of RSP common stock will be converted into the right to receive
the merger consideration of 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock. The exchange ratio for the merger consideration is fixed, and there will be no
adjustment to the merger consideration for changes in the market price of Concho common stock or RSP common stock prior to the completion of the
merger. If the merger is completed, there will be a time lapse between each of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the dates on which RSP
stockholders vote to approve the RSP merger proposal at the RSP special meeting and Concho stockholders vote to approve the Concho issuance
proposal at the Concho special meeting, and the date on which RSP stockholders entitled to receive the merger consideration actually receive the merger
consideration. The market value of shares of Concho common stock may fluctuate during and after these periods as a result of a variety of factors,
including general market and economic conditions, changes in Concho’s businesses, operations and prospects and regulatory considerations. Such
factors are difficult to predict and in many cases may be beyond the control of Concho and RSP. Consequently, at the time RSP stockholders must
decide whether to approve the merger proposal, they will not know the actual market value of any merger consideration they will receive when the
merger is completed. The actual value of any merger consideration received by RSP stockholders at the completion of the merger will depend on the
market value of the shares of Concho common stock at that time. This market value may differ, possibly materially, from the market value of shares of
Concho common stock at the time the merger agreement was entered into or at any other time. RSP stockholders should obtain current stock quotations
for shares of Concho common stock before voting their shares of RSP common stock. For additional information about the merger consideration, see the
sections entitled “The Merger—Consideration to RSP Stockholders” and “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger
Consideration” beginning on page 66 and 124, respectively.

The market price of Concho common stock will continue to fluctuate after the merger.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of RSP common stock who receive merger consideration will become holders of shares of Concho
common stock. The market price of Concho common stock may fluctuate significantly following completion of the merger and holders of RSP common
stock could lose some or all of the value of their investment in Concho common stock. In addition, the stock market has experienced significant price
and volume fluctuations in recent times which, if they continue to occur, could have a material adverse effect on the market for, or liquidity of, the
Concho common stock, regardless of Concho’s actual operating performance.
 

-41-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 53/219

Table of Contents

RSP stockholders will have a reduced ownership and voting interest in the combined company after the merger compared to their ownership in
RSP and will exercise less influence over management.

Currently, RSP stockholders have the right to vote in the election of the RSP board and the power to approve or reject any matters requiring
stockholder approval under Delaware law and the RSP certificate of incorporation and bylaws. Upon completion of the merger, each RSP stockholder
who receives shares of Concho common stock in the merger will become a stockholder of Concho with a percentage ownership of Concho that is
smaller than the RSP stockholder’s current percentage ownership of RSP. Based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of Concho common
stock and shares of RSP common stock as of May 31, 2018 and the exchange ratio of 0.320, after the merger RSP stockholders are expected to become
owners of approximately 25.5% of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock, without giving effect to any shares of Concho common stock held
by RSP stockholders prior to the completion of the merger. Even if all former RSP stockholders voted together on all matters presented to Concho
stockholders from time to time, the former RSP stockholders would exercise significantly less influence over Concho after the completion of the merger
relative to their influence over RSP prior to the completion of the merger, and thus would have a less significant impact on the approval or rejection of
future Concho proposals submitted to a stockholder vote.

The merger may not be completed and the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms.

The merger is subject to a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger, which are described in the
section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 152. These conditions to the completion of
the merger may not be satisfied or waived in a timely manner or at all, and, accordingly, the merger may be delayed or may not be completed.

In addition, if the merger is not completed by October 31, 2018, either Concho or RSP may choose not to proceed with the merger, and the parties
can mutually decide to terminate the merger agreement at any time, before or after stockholder approval. In addition, Concho and RSP may elect to
terminate the merger agreement in certain other circumstances as further detailed in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination”
beginning on page 155.

The merger agreement limits Concho’s ability and RSP’s ability to pursue alternatives to the merger.

The merger agreement contains provisions that may discourage a third party from submitting a Concho competing proposal or a RSP competing
proposal that might result in greater value to Concho’s or RSP’s respective stockholders than the merger, or may result in a potential acquirer of Concho,
or a potential competing acquirer of RSP, proposing to pay a lower per share price to acquire Concho or RSP, respectively, than it might otherwise have
proposed to pay. These provisions include a general prohibition on Concho and RSP from soliciting or, with respect to RSP subject to certain exceptions
relating to the exercise of fiduciary duties by the RSP board, entering into discussions with any third party regarding any RSP competing proposal or
offer for a competing transaction. Concho has an unqualified obligation to submit the Concho issuance proposal to a vote by its stockholders, unless
RSP terminates the merger agreement in accordance with its terms prior to such time. For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 155.

Failure to complete the merger could negatively impact the price of shares of Concho common stock and the price of shares of RSP common
stock, as well as Concho’s and RSP’s respective future businesses and financial results.

The merger agreement contains a number of conditions that must be satisfied or waived prior to the completion of the merger. There can be no
assurance that all of the conditions to the completion of the merger will be so satisfied or waived. If these conditions are not satisfied or waived, Concho
and RSP will be unable to complete the merger.
 

-42-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 54/219

Table of Contents

If the merger is not completed for any reason, including the failure to receive the required approvals of the Concho and RSP stockholders,
Concho’s and RSP’s respective businesses and financial results may be adversely affected, including as follows:
 

 
•  Concho and RSP may experience negative reactions from the financial markets, including negative impacts on the market price of Concho

common stock and RSP common stock;
 

 
•  the manner in which customers, vendors, business partners and other third parties perceive Concho and RSP may be negatively impacted,

which in turn could affect Concho’s and RSP’s marketing operations or their ability to compete for new business or obtain renewals in the
marketplace more broadly;

 

 •  Concho and RSP may experience negative reactions from employees; and
 

 
•  Concho and RSP will have expended time and resources that could otherwise have been spent on Concho’s and RSP’s existing businesses

and the pursuit of other opportunities that could have been beneficial to each company, and Concho’s and RSP’s ongoing business and
financial results may be adversely affected.

In addition to the above risks, if the merger agreement is terminated and either party’s board seeks an alternative transaction, such party’s
stockholders cannot be certain that such party will be able to find a party willing to engage in a transaction on more attractive terms than the merger. If
the merger agreement is terminated under specified circumstances, either Concho or RSP may be required to pay the other party a termination fee,
reverse termination fee or other termination-related payment. For a description of these circumstances, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Termination” beginning on page 155.

Required regulatory approvals may not be received, may take longer than expected to be received or may impose conditions that are not
presently anticipated or cannot be met.

Completion of the merger is conditioned upon the approval by the NYSE of the listing of the shares of Concho common stock to be issued in the
merger upon official notice of issuance and the expiration or termination of the waiting period applicable to the merger under the HSR Act. On April 27,
2018, the FTC granted early termination of the waiting period under the HSR Act with respect to the merger. Although each party has agreed to use its
respective reasonable best efforts to obtain the requisite stock exchange approval, there can be no assurance that such approval will be obtained and that
the other conditions to completing the merger will be satisfied.

Concho and RSP will be subject to business uncertainties while the merger is pending, which could adversely affect their respective businesses.

Uncertainty about the effect of the merger on employees and customers may have an adverse effect on Concho and RSP. These uncertainties may
impair Concho’s and RSP’s ability to attract, retain and motivate key personnel until the merger is completed and for a period of time thereafter and
could cause customers and others that deal with Concho and RSP to seek to change their existing business relationships with Concho and RSP,
respectively. Employee retention at RSP may be particularly challenging during the pendency of the merger, as employees may experience uncertainty
about their roles with Concho following the merger. In addition, the merger agreement restricts Concho and RSP from entering into certain corporate
transactions and taking other specified actions without the consent of the other party, and generally requires each party to continue its operations in the
ordinary course, until completion of the merger. These restrictions may prevent Concho and RSP from pursuing attractive business opportunities that
may arise prior to the completion of the merger. For a description of the restrictive covenants to which Concho and RSP are subject, see the section
entitled “The Merger Agreement—Interim Operations of RSP and Concho Pending the Merger” beginning on page 131.
 

-43-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 55/219

Table of Contents

Directors and executive officers of Concho may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of Concho
stockholders.

Concho’s executive officers and directors have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Concho
stockholders generally. The members of the Concho board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, when they approved the
merger agreement and recommended that Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal. These interests are described in more detail in the
section entitled “The Merger—Interests of Concho Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 114.

Directors and executive officers of RSP may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of RSP
stockholders.

Directors and executive officers of RSP may have interests in the merger that are different from, or in addition to, the interests of RSP
stockholders generally. These interests include, among others, the treatment of outstanding equity and equity-based awards pursuant to the merger
agreement, potential severance and other benefits upon a qualifying termination in connection with the merger, Concho’s agreement to appoint a
mutually agreed director of RSP as a director of Concho, and rights to ongoing indemnification and insurance coverage. These interests are described in
more detail in the section entitled “The Merger—Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 115.

The merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to Concho’s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market price of Concho
common stock.

Because shares of Concho common stock will be issued in the merger, it is possible that, although Concho currently expects the merger to be
accretive to earnings per share, the merger may be dilutive to Concho’s earnings per share, which could negatively affect the market price of Concho
common stock.

In connection with the completion of the merger, based on the number of issued and outstanding shares of RSP common stock as of May 31, 2018
and the number of outstanding RSP equity awards currently estimated to be payable in Concho common stock following the merger, Concho will issue
up to approximately 51,015,555 shares of Concho common stock. The issuance of these new shares of Concho common stock could have the effect of
depressing the market price of Concho common stock, through dilution of earnings per share or otherwise. Any dilution of, or delay of any accretion to,
Concho’s earnings per share could cause the price of shares of Concho common stock to decline or increase at a reduced rate.

Concho and RSP will incur significant transaction and merger-related costs in connection with the merger, which may be in excess of those
anticipated by Concho or RSP.

Each of Concho and RSP has incurred and expect to continue to incur a number of non-recurring costs associated with negotiating and completing
the merger, combining the operations of the two companies and achieving desired synergies. These fees and costs have been, and will continue to be,
substantial. The substantial majority of non-recurring expenses will consist of transaction costs related to the merger and include, among others,
employee retention costs, fees paid to financial, legal and accounting advisors, severance and benefit costs and filing fees.

Concho and RSP will also incur transaction fees and costs related to formulating and implementing integration plans, including facilities and
systems consolidation costs and employment-related costs. Concho and RSP will continue to assess the magnitude of these costs, and additional
unanticipated costs may be incurred in the merger and the integration of the two companies’ businesses. Although Concho and RSP each expect that the
elimination of duplicative costs, as well as the realization of other efficiencies related to the integration of the businesses, should allow Concho and RSP
to offset integration-related costs over time, this net benefit may not be achieved in the near term, or at all. For additional information, see the risk factor
entitled “The integration of RSP into Concho may not be as successful as anticipated” below.
 

-44-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 56/219

Table of Contents

The costs described above, as well as other unanticipated costs and expenses, could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and
operating results of Concho following the completion of the merger.

Many of these costs will be borne by Concho or RSP even if the merger is not completed.

The opinions of Concho’s and RSP’s respective financial advisors will not reflect changes in circumstances between the signing of the merger
agreement and the completion of the merger.

Concho and RSP have received opinions from their respective financial advisors in connection with the signing of the merger agreement, but have
not obtained updated opinions from their respective financial advisors as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. Changes in the operations
and prospects of Concho or RSP, general market and economic conditions and other factors that may be beyond the control of Concho or RSP, and on
which Concho’s and RSP’s financial advisors’ opinions were based, may significantly alter the value of Concho or RSP or the prices of the shares of
Concho common stock or of the shares of RSP common stock by the time the merger is completed. The opinions do not speak as of the time the merger
will be completed or as of any date other than the date of such opinions. Because Concho and RSP do not currently anticipate asking their respective
financial advisors to update their opinions, the opinions will not address the fairness of the merger consideration from a financial point of view at the
time the merger is completed. The Concho board’s recommendation that Concho stockholders vote “FOR” approval of the Concho issuance proposal
and the RSP board’s recommendation that RSP stockholders vote “FOR” approval of the merger proposal and the non-binding compensation advisory
proposal, however, is made as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

For a description of the opinions that Concho and RSP received from their respective financial advisors, see the sections entitled “The Merger—
Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor” and “The Merger—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor” beginning on pages 80 and 96,
respectively. A copy of the opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s financial advisor, is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and a
copy of the opinion of TPH, RSP’s financial advisor, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus, and each is incorporated by
reference herein in its entirety.

Completion of the merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which RSP is a party.

The completion of the merger may trigger change in control or other provisions in certain agreements to which RSP is a party. If Concho and RSP
are unable to negotiate waivers of those provisions, the counterparties may exercise their rights and remedies under the agreements, potentially
terminating the agreements or seeking monetary damages. Even if Concho and RSP are able to negotiate waivers, the counterparties may require a fee
for such waivers or seek to renegotiate the agreements on terms less favorable to RSP.

The combined company’s debt may limit its financial flexibility.

As of March 31, 2018, Concho had approximately $2.4 billion of outstanding indebtedness, consisting of amounts outstanding under its senior
unsecured notes and existing credit facility. As of March 31, 2018, RSP had approximately $1.6 billion of outstanding indebtedness, consisting of
amounts outstanding under its $2.5 billion senior secured credit facility and its senior unsecured notes. Concho continues to review the treatment of its
and RSP’s existing indebtedness and Concho may seek to repay, refinance, repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate its or RSP’s existing
indebtedness prior to, in connection with or following the completion of the merger. If Concho does seek to refinance its or RSP’s existing indebtedness,
there can be no guarantee that Concho would be able to execute the refinancing on favorable terms or at all. Assuming Concho does not repay,
repurchase, redeem, exchange or otherwise terminate any of its or RSP’s existing indebtedness, immediately following the completion of the merger,
Concho is expected to have outstanding indebtedness of approximately $4.0 billion, based on Concho’s and RSP’s outstanding indebtedness as of March
31, 2018.
 

-45-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 57/219

Table of Contents

Any increase in Concho’s indebtedness could have adverse effects on its financial condition and results of operations, including:
 

 
•  imposing additional cash requirements on Concho in order to support interest payments, which reduces the amount Concho has available to

fund its operations and other business activities;
 

 •  increasing the risk that Concho may default on its debt obligations;
 

 
•  increasing Concho’s vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic and industry conditions, economic downturns and adverse

developments in its business;
 

 
•  limiting Concho’s ability to sell assets, engage in strategic transactions or obtain additional financing for working capital, capital

expenditures, general corporate and other purposes;
 

 •  limiting Concho’s flexibility in planning for or reacting to changes in its business and the industry in which it operates; and
 

 
•  increasing Concho’s exposure to a rise in interest rates, which will generate greater interest expense to the extent Concho does not have

applicable interest rate fluctuation hedges.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial information and unaudited forecasted financial information included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is presented for illustrative purposes only and does not represent the actual financial position or results of operations of
the combined company following the completion of the merger. Future results of Concho or RSP may differ, possibly materially, from the
unaudited pro forma combined financial information and unaudited forecasted financial information presented in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and unaudited forecasted financial information contained in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is presented for illustrative purposes only, contains a variety of adjustments, assumptions and preliminary estimates and does not
represent the actual financial position or results of operations of Concho and RSP prior to the merger or that of the combined company following the
merger for several reasons. Specifically, the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements do not reflect the effect of any potential divestitures that
may occur prior to or subsequent to the completion of the merger, integration costs or Concho’s projected reduction of its debt to capitalization ratio
following the completion of the merger. For additional information, see the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements”
beginning on page 163. In addition, the merger and post-merger integration process may give rise to unexpected liabilities and costs, including costs
associated with the defense and resolution of transaction-related litigation or other claims. Unexpected delays in completing the merger or in connection
with the post-merger integration process may significantly increase the related costs and expenses incurred by Concho. The actual financial positions
and results of operations of Concho and RSP prior to the merger and that of the combined company following the merger may be different, possibly
materially, from the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements or forecasted financial information included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus. In addition, the assumptions used in preparing the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements and forecasted financial
information included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus may not prove to be accurate and may be affected by other factors. Any significant
changes in the market price of Concho common stock may cause a significant change in the purchase price used for Concho’s accounting purposes and
the unaudited pro forma financial statements contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

The impact of the recent significant federal tax reform on the combined company is uncertain and may significantly affect the operations of the
combined company after the merger.

On December 22, 2017, the President signed the budget reconciliation act commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (which we refer to
as the “TCJA”) into law. The TCJA makes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code. The TCJA will change how the combined company’s
earnings are taxed, including, among
 

-46-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 58/219

Table of Contents

other items, (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 21 percent; (2) repealing the corporate alternative minimum tax and
changing how existing credits can be utilized; (3) temporarily providing for elective immediate expensing for certain depreciable property; (4) creating a
new limitation on the deductibility of interest expense; and (5) changing rules related to uses and limitations of net operating losses created in tax years
beginning after December 31, 2017. Concho and RSP are continuing to evaluate the impact of the TCJA on the combined company’s business and such
impact remains uncertain, and may be adverse.

The integration of RSP into Concho may not be as successful as anticipated.

The merger involves numerous operational, strategic, financial, accounting, legal, tax and other risks, potential liabilities associated with the
acquired businesses, and uncertainties related to design, operation and integration of RSP’s internal control over financial reporting. Difficulties in
integrating RSP into Concho may result in RSP performing differently than expected, in operational challenges or in the failure to realize anticipated
expense-related efficiencies. Concho’s and RSP’s existing businesses could also be negatively impacted by the merger. Potential difficulties that may be
encountered in the integration process include, among other factors:
 

 
•  the inability to successfully integrate the businesses of RSP into Concho in a manner that permits Concho to achieve the full revenue and

cost savings anticipated from the merger;
 

 •  complexities associated with managing the larger, more complex, integrated business;
 

 •  not realizing anticipated operating synergies;
 

 •  integrating personnel from the two companies and the loss of key employees;
 

 •  potential unknown liabilities and unforeseen expenses, delays or regulatory conditions associated with the merger;
 

 •  integrating relationships with customers, vendors and business partners;
 

 
•  performance shortfalls at one or both of the companies as a result of the diversion of management’s attention caused by completing the

merger and integrating RSP’s operations into Concho; and
 

 
•  the disruption of, or the loss of momentum in, each company’s ongoing business or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and

policies.

Concho’s results may suffer if it does not effectively manage its expanded operations following the merger.

Following completion of the merger, Concho’s success will depend, in part, on its ability to manage its expansion, which poses numerous risks
and uncertainties, including the need to integrate the operations and business of RSP into its existing business in an efficient and timely manner, to
combine systems and management controls and to integrate relationships with customers, vendors and business partners.

Even if Concho and RSP complete the merger, Concho may fail to realize all of the anticipated benefits of the merger.

The success of the merger will depend, in part, on Concho’s ability to realize the anticipated benefits and cost savings from combining Concho’s
and RSP’s businesses, including operational and other synergies in excess of $2 billion (based on present value) that Concho believes the combined
company will achieve. The anticipated benefits and cost savings of the merger may not be realized fully or at all, may take longer to realize than
expected or could have other adverse effects that Concho does not currently foresee. Some of the assumptions that Concho has made, such as the
achievement of operating synergies, may not be realized. The integration process may, for each of Concho and RSP, result in the loss of key employees,
the disruption of ongoing businesses or inconsistencies in standards, controls, procedures and policies. There could be potential unknown liabilities and
unforeseen expenses associated with the merger that were not discovered in the course of performing due diligence.
 

-47-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 59/219

Table of Contents

Uncertainties associated with the merger may cause a loss of management personnel and other key employees, which could adversely affect the
future business and operations of the combined company.

Concho and RSP are dependent on the experience and industry knowledge of their officers and other key employees to execute their business
plans. Each company’s success until the merger and the combined company’s success after the merger will depend in part upon the ability of Concho
and RSP to retain key management personnel and other key employees. Current and prospective employees of Concho and RSP may experience
uncertainty about their roles within the combined company following the merger, which may have an adverse effect on the ability of each of Concho and
RSP to attract or retain key management and other key personnel. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that the combined company will be able to
attract or retain key management personnel and other key employees of Concho and RSP to the same extent that Concho and RSP have previously been
able to attract or retain their own employees.

The market price of Concho common stock may decline in the future as a result of the sale of shares of Concho common stock held by former
RSP stockholders or current Concho stockholders.

Based on the number of shares of RSP common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2018 and the number of outstanding RSP equity awards currently
estimated to be payable in Concho common stock following the merger, Concho expects to issue up to approximately 51,015,555 shares of Concho
common stock to RSP stockholders in the merger. Following their receipt of shares of Concho common stock as merger consideration in the merger,
former RSP stockholders may seek to sell the shares of Concho common stock delivered to them, and the merger agreement contains no restriction on
the ability of former RSP stockholders to sell such shares of Concho common stock following completion of the merger. Other Concho stockholders
may also seek to sell shares of Concho common stock held by them following, or in anticipation of, completion of the merger. These sales (or the
perception that these sales may occur), coupled with the increase in the outstanding number of shares of Concho common stock, may affect the market
for, and the market price of, Concho common stock in an adverse manner.

The combined company will record goodwill and other intangible assets that could become impaired and result in material non-cash charges to
the results of operations of the combined company in the future.

The merger will be accounted for as an acquisition by Concho in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States
(which we refer to as “GAAP”). Under the acquisition method of accounting, the assets and liabilities of RSP and its subsidiaries will be recorded, as of
completion, at their respective fair values and added to those of Concho. The reported financial condition and results of operations of Concho for
periods after completion of the merger will reflect RSP balances and results after completion of the merger but will not be restated retroactively to
reflect the historical financial position or results of operations of RSP and its subsidiaries for periods prior to the merger. For additional information, see
the section entitled “Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Financial Statements” beginning on page 163.

Under the acquisition method of accounting, the total purchase price will be allocated to RSP’s tangible assets and liabilities and identifiable
intangible assets based on their fair values as of the date of completion of the merger. The excess of the purchase price over those fair values will be
recorded as goodwill. Concho and RSP expect that the merger will result in the creation of goodwill based upon the application of the acquisition
method of accounting. To the extent the value of goodwill or intangibles becomes impaired, the combined company may be required to incur material
non-cash charges relating to such impairment. The combined company’s operating results may be significantly impacted from both the impairment and
the underlying trends in the business that triggered the impairment.

Shares of Concho common stock received by RSP stockholders as a result of the merger will have different rights from shares of RSP common
stock.

Upon completion of the merger, RSP stockholders will no longer be stockholders of RSP, and RSP stockholders who receive merger consideration
will become Concho stockholders. There will be important
 

-48-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 60/219

Table of Contents

differences between the current rights of RSP stockholders and the rights to which such stockholders will be entitled as Concho stockholders. For a
discussion of the different rights associated with shares of Concho common stock, see the section entitled “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights”
beginning on page 177.

The market price of Concho common stock may be affected by factors different from those that historically have affected RSP common stock.

Upon completion of the merger, holders of RSP common stock who receive merger consideration will become holders of Concho common stock.
The businesses of Concho differ from those of RSP in certain respects, and, accordingly, the financial position or results of operations and/or cash flows
of Concho after the merger, as well as the market price of Concho common stock, may be affected by factors different from those currently affecting the
financial position or results of operations and/or cash flows of RSP. Following the completion of the merger, RSP will be part of a larger company, so
decisions affecting RSP may be made in respect of the larger combined business as a whole rather than the RSP businesses individually. For a discussion
of the businesses of Concho and RSP and of some important factors to consider in connection with those businesses, see the section entitled
“Information About the Companies” and the documents incorporated by reference in the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information”
beginning on page 53 and 201, respectively, including, in particular, in the sections entitled “Risk Factors” in each of Concho’s and RSP’s Annual
Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018.

Following the completion of the merger, Concho may incorporate RSP’s hedging activities into Concho’s business, and Concho may be exposed
to additional commodity price risks arising from such hedges.

To mitigate its exposure to changes in commodity prices, RSP hedges oil, natural gas and NGL prices from time to time, primarily through the use
of certain derivative instruments. If Concho assumes existing RSP hedges, the Concho will bear the economic impact of all of RSP’s current hedges
following the completion of the merger. Actual crude oil, natural gas and NGL prices may differ from the combined company’s expectations and, as a
result, such hedges may or may not have a negative impact on Concho’s business.

Lawsuits have been filed against RSP and the RSP Board and other lawsuits may be filed against RSP, Concho and/or their respective boards
challenging the merger. An adverse ruling in any such lawsuit may prevent the merger from being completed.

Following the public announcement of the merger, three putative shareholder class action lawsuits were filed against RSP, the members of the
RSP board, and in two lawsuits, Concho and Merger Sub. All three actions were filed in the United States District Court for the Northern District of
Texas. Among other remedies, the plaintiffs seek to enjoin the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. The defendants have not yet
answered or otherwise responded to the complaints.

See the section entitled “The Merger—Litigation Relating to the Merger” beginning on page 121 for more information about litigation related to
the merger that has been commenced prior to the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus. There can be no assurance that additional complaints will
not be filed with respect to the merger.

Concho and RSP may be targets of further securities class action and derivative lawsuits which could result in substantial costs and may delay
or prevent the merger from being completed.

Securities class action lawsuits and derivative lawsuits are often brought against public companies that have entered into merger agreements. Even
if the lawsuits are without merit, defending against these claims can result in substantial costs and divert management time and resources. An adverse
judgment could result in monetary
 

-49-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 61/219

Table of Contents

damages, which could have a negative impact on Concho’s and RSP’s respective liquidity and financial condition. Additionally, if a plaintiff is
successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting completion of the merger, then that injunction may delay or prevent the merger from being completed,
which may adversely affect Concho’s and RSP’s respective business, financial position and results of operation.

Risks Relating to Concho’s Business.

You should read and consider risk factors specific to Concho’s businesses that will also affect the combined company after the completion of the
merger. These risks are described in Part I, Item 1A of Concho’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and in Part
II, Item 1A of Concho’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, and in other documents that are incorporated by
reference herein. For the location of information incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, see the section entitled “Where You
Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.

Risks Relating to RSP’s Business.

You should read and consider risk factors specific to RSP’s businesses that will also affect the combined company after the completion of the
merger. These risks are described in Part I, Item 1A of RSP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and in Part II,
Item 1A of RSP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, and in other documents that are incorporated by reference
herein. For the location of information incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find
More Information” beginning on page 201.
 

-50-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 62/219

Table of Contents

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This joint proxy statement/prospectus, and the documents to which RSP and Concho refer you in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, as well as oral
statements made or to be made by RSP and Concho, include certain “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities
Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, included in this joint proxy
statement/prospectus that address activities, events or developments that Concho or RSP expects, believes or anticipates will or may occur in the future
are forward-looking statements. Words such as “estimate,” “project,” “predict,” “believe,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “potential,” “create,” “intend,”
“could,” “may,” “foresee,” “plan,” “will,” “guidance,” “look,” “outlook,” “goal,” “future,” “assume,” “forecast,” “build,” “focus,” “work,” “continue” or
the negative of such terms or other variations thereof and words and terms of similar substance used in connection with any discussion of future plans,
actions, or events identify forward-looking statements. However, the absence of these words does not mean that the statements are not forward-looking.
These forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding the merger, pro forma descriptions of the combined company and
its operations, integration and transition plans, synergies, opportunities and anticipated future performance. There are a number of risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus. These include:
 

 •  the risk that the merger agreement may be terminated in accordance with its terms and that the merger may not be completed;
 

 •  the possibility that Concho stockholders may not approve the Concho issuance proposal;
 

 •  the possibility that RSP stockholders may not approve the merger proposal;
 

 •  the risk that the parties may not be able to satisfy the conditions to the completion of the merger in a timely manner or at all;
 

 
•  the risk that the merger may not be accretive, and may be dilutive, to Concho’s earnings per share, which may negatively affect the market

price of Concho shares;
 

 
•  the possibility that Concho and RSP will incur significant transaction and other costs in connection with the merger, which may be in excess

of those anticipated by Concho or RSP;
 

 •  the risk that Concho may fail to realize the benefits expected from the merger;
 

 
•  the risk that the combined company may be unable to achieve operational or corporate synergies or that it may take longer than expected to

achieve those synergies;
 

 
•  the risk that any announcements relating to, or the completion of, the merger could have adverse effects on the market price of Concho

common stock;
 

 
•  the risk that the merger and its announcement and/or completion could have an adverse effect on the ability of Concho and RSP to retain

customers and retain and hire key personnel and maintain relationships with their suppliers and customers; and
 

 •  the risks to their operating results and businesses generally.

Such factors are difficult to predict and in many cases may be beyond the control of Concho and RSP. Concho’s and RSP’s forward-looking
statements are based on assumptions that Concho and RSP, respectively, believe to be reasonable but that may not prove to be accurate. Consequently,
all of the forward-looking statements Concho and RSP make in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are qualified by the information contained or
incorporated by reference herein, including the information contained under this heading and the information detailed in Concho’s Annual Report on
Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and Concho’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018,
and in RSP’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2017 and RSP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
 

-51-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 63/219

Table of Contents

for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018. For additional information, see the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Where You Can Find More
Information” beginning on page 41 and 201, respectively.

Concho and RSP undertake no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions to any such forward-looking statements that may be made
to reflect events or circumstances that occur, or which they become aware of, except as required by applicable law or regulation. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof.
 

-52-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 64/219

Table of Contents

INFORMATION ABOUT THE COMPANIES

Concho Resources Inc.

One Concho Center
600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701
Phone: (432) 683-7443

Concho, whose legal name is Concho Resources Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in February 2006. Based in Midland, Texas, Concho is an
independent oil and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, development, exploration and production of oil and natural gas properties.
Concho’s core operations are primarily focused in the Permian Basin of southeast New Mexico and West Texas. The Permian Basin is one of the most
prolific oil and natural gas producing regions in the United States and is characterized by an extensive production history, long reserve life, multiple
producing horizons and enhanced recovery potential. Currently, the majority of the rigs running in the Permian Basin are drilling horizontal wells.
Concho’s legacy in the Permian Basin provides it with a deep understanding of operating and geological trends. Concho is actively developing its
resource base by utilizing extended length lateral drilling, enhanced completion techniques, multi-well pad locations and large-scale development
projects throughout its four core operating areas: the Northern Delaware Basin, the Southern Delaware Basin, the Midland Basin and the New Mexico
Shelf.

RSP Permian, Inc.

3141 Hood Street, Suite 500
Dallas, Texas 75219
Phone: (214) 252-2700

RSP, whose legal name is RSP Permian, Inc., was incorporated in Delaware in September 2013. Based in Dallas, Texas, RSP is an independent oil
and natural gas company engaged in the acquisition, exploration, exploitation, development and production of unconventional oil and associated liquids-
rich natural gas reserves in the Permian Basin of West Texas. The vast majority of RSP’s acreage is located on large, contiguous acreage blocks in the
core of the Midland Basin and the Delaware Basin, both sub-basins of the Permian Basin. The Midland Basin properties are primarily in the adjacent
counties of Midland, Martin, Andrews, Ector, and Glasscock. The Delaware Basin properties are in Loving and Winkler counties.

Green Merger Sub Inc.

c/o Concho Resources Inc.
One Concho Center
600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701
Phone: (432) 683-7443

Merger Sub, whose legal name is Green Merger Sub Inc., is a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Concho. Upon the completion of the merger,
Merger Sub will cease to exist. Merger Sub was incorporated in Delaware on March 23, 2018 for the sole purpose of effecting the merger.
 

-53-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 65/219

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF CONCHO STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

The Concho special meeting will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue, Midland,
Texas 79701.

Purpose of the Concho Special Meeting

The purpose of the Concho special meeting is to consider and vote on the Concho issuance proposal.

Concho will transact no other business at the Concho special meeting.

Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors

The Concho board unanimously recommends that Concho stockholders vote “FOR” the approval of the Concho issuance proposal.

For additional information on the recommendation of the Concho board, see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Concho
Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 76.

Record Date and Outstanding Shares of Concho Common Stock

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of Concho common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date for
the Concho special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Concho special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the Concho
special meeting.

As of the close of business on the record date, there were 149,069,231 shares of Concho common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote
at the Concho special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of Concho common stock that you held as of the close of business on the record
date.

A complete list of Concho stockholders entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting will be available for inspection at Concho’s principal place
of business during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the Concho special meeting and during the Concho special meeting
at One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue, Midland, Texas 79701.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of Concho stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. The presence at the Concho special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting constitutes a quorum. If you
submit a properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for the proposal or vote to “abstain” in respect of the proposal, your shares of Concho
common stock will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the Concho special meeting.

Concho common stock held in “street name” with respect to which the beneficial owner fails to give voting instructions to the broker, bank or
other nominee, and Concho common stock with respect to which the beneficial owner otherwise fails to vote, will not be considered present and entitled
to vote at the Concho special meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

A broker non-vote will result if your broker, bank or other nominee returns a proxy but does not provide instruction as to how shares should be
voted on a particular matter. Under the current rules of the NYSE, brokers,
 

-54-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 66/219

Table of Contents

banks or other nominees do not have discretionary authority to vote on the Concho issuance proposal. Because the only proposal for consideration at the
Concho special meeting is a non-discretionary proposal, it is not expected that there will be any broker non-votes at the Concho special meeting.
However, if there are any broker non-votes, the shares will not be considered present and entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting for the purpose
of determining the presence of a quorum.

Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the Concho board.

Required Vote

Approval of the Concho issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders present in person or by
proxy at the Concho special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal, and
broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

The Concho issuance proposal is described in the section entitled “Concho Proposal” beginning on page 59.

Methods of Voting

Concho stockholders, whether holding shares directly as stockholders of record or beneficially in “street name,” may vote on the Internet by going
to the web address provided on the enclosed proxy card and following the instructions for Internet voting, by phone using the toll-free phone number
listed on the enclosed proxy card, or by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided.

Concho stockholders of record may vote their shares in person by ballot at the Concho special meeting or by submitting their proxies:
 

 •  by phone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018;
 

 •  by the Internet until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018; or
 

 
•  by completing, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card via mail. If you vote by mail, your proxy card must be received

by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018.

Concho stockholders who hold their shares in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee should refer to the proxy card, voting instruction
form or other information forwarded by their broker, bank or other nominee for instructions on how to vote their shares.

Voting in Person

Shares held directly in your name as stockholder of record may be voted in person at the Concho special meeting. If you choose to vote your
shares in person at the Concho special meeting, bring your enclosed proxy card and proof of identification. Even if you plan to attend the Concho
special meeting, the Concho board recommends that you vote your shares in advance as described below so that your vote will be counted if you later
decide not to attend the Concho special meeting.

If you are a beneficial holder, you will receive separate voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee explaining how to vote your
shares. Please note that if your shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the Concho special meeting,
you will not be permitted to vote in person unless you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner. You are encouraged to
request a legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee promptly as the process can be lengthy.
 

-55-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 67/219

Table of Contents

Voting by Proxy

Whether you hold your shares of Concho common stock directly as the stockholder of record or beneficially in “street name,” you may direct your
vote by proxy without attending the Concho special meeting. You can vote by proxy by phone, the Internet or mail by following the instructions
provided in the enclosed proxy card.

Questions About Voting

If you have any questions about how to vote or direct a vote in respect of your shares of Concho common stock, you may contact Morrow Sodali,
Concho’s proxy solicitor, toll-free at (800) 662-5200 or, for brokers and banks, collect at (203) 658-9400.

Adjournment

In accordance with the Concho bylaws, whether or not a quorum is present, the chairman of the Concho special meeting will have the power to
adjourn the Concho special meeting from time to time for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. If the Concho special
meeting is adjourned, Concho stockholders who have already submitted their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use. At any
subsequent reconvening of the Concho special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the manner in which such proxies would have
been voted at the original convening of the Concho special meeting, except for any proxies that have been validly revoked or withdrawn prior to the
subsequent meeting.

In addition, the merger agreement provides that Concho (1) will be required to adjourn or postpone the Concho special meeting to the extent
necessary to ensure that any legally required supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is provided to the Concho stockholders
or if, as of the time the Concho special meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Concho common stock represented to constitute a quorum
necessary to conduct business at the Concho special meeting, and (2) may adjourn or postpone the Concho special meeting if, as of the time for which
the Concho special meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Concho common stock represented to obtain the approval of the Concho
issuance proposal. However, the Concho special meeting will not be adjourned or postponed to a date that is more than 10 business days after the date
for which the Concho special meeting was previously scheduled (though the Concho special meeting may be adjourned or postponed every time the
circumstances described in (1) exist, and, with RSP’s consent, every time the circumstances described in the (2) exist) or to a date on or after two
business days prior to October 31, 2018.

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record of Concho, whether you vote by phone, the Internet or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is
voted at the meeting in one of the following ways:
 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again by phone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice before the meeting to the Concho Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the above address

stating that you are revoking your proxy; or
 

 
•  attend the Concho special meeting and vote your shares in person. Please note that your attendance at the meeting will not alone serve to

revoke your proxy.

Proxy Solicitation Costs

The enclosed proxy card is being solicited by Concho and the Concho board. In addition to solicitation by mail, Concho’s directors, officers and
employees may solicit proxies in person, by phone or by electronic means. These persons will not be specifically compensated for conducting such
solicitation.
 

-56-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 68/219

Table of Contents

Concho has retained Morrow Sodali to assist in the solicitation process. Concho will pay Morrow Sodali a fee of approximately $25,000, as well
as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. Concho also has agreed to indemnify Morrow Sodali against various liabilities and expenses that
relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

Concho will ask brokers, banks and other nominees to forward the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of shares of Concho
common stock held of record by such nominee holders. Concho will reimburse these nominee holders for their customary clerical and mailing expenses
incurred in forwarding the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners.

No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

Under Delaware law, Concho stockholders are not entitled to dissenters’ or appraisal rights in connection with the issuance of shares of Concho
common stock as contemplated by the merger agreement.

Other Information

The matter to be considered at the Concho special meeting is of great importance to the Concho stockholders. Accordingly, you are urged to read
and carefully consider the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and submit your proxy by
phone or the Internet or complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you submit your
proxy by phone or the Internet, you do not need to return the enclosed proxy card.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the Concho special meeting, contact:
 

470 West Avenue
Stamford, CT 06902

Banks and Brokers Call: (203) 658-9400
All Others Call Toll-Free: (800) 662-5200
E-mail: Concho.info@morrowsodali.com

Vote of Concho’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of May 31, 2018, Concho directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, owned and were entitled to vote 1,700,926 shares of
Concho common stock, or approximately 1.1% of the total outstanding shares of Concho common stock as of May 31, 2018.

Concho currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal.

Attending the Concho Special Meeting

You are entitled to attend the Concho special meeting only if you were a stockholder of record of Concho at the close of business on the record
date or you held your shares of Concho beneficially in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee as of the record date, or you hold a valid proxy for
the Concho special meeting.
 

-57-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 69/219

Table of Contents

If you were a stockholder of record of Concho at the close of business on the record date and wish to attend the Concho special meeting, so
indicate on the appropriate proxy card or as prompted by the phone or Internet voting system. Your name will be verified against the list of stockholders
of record prior to your being admitted to the Concho special meeting.

If a broker, bank or other nominee is the record owner of your shares of Concho common stock, you will need to have proof that you are the
beneficial owner as of the record date to be admitted to the Concho special meeting. A recent statement or letter from your broker, bank or other
nominee confirming your ownership as of the record date, or presentation of a valid proxy from a broker, bank or other nominee that is the record owner
of your shares, would be acceptable proof of your beneficial ownership.

You should be prepared to present government-issued photo identification for admittance. If you do not provide photo identification or comply
with the other procedures outlined above upon request, you might not be admitted to the Concho special meeting.

Results of the Concho Special Meeting

Within four business days following the Concho special meeting, Concho intends to file the final voting results with the SEC on a Current Report
on Form 8-K. If the final voting results have not been certified within that four business day period, Concho will report the preliminary voting results on
a Current Report on Form 8-K at that time and will file an amendment to the Current Report on Form 8-K to report the final voting results within four
days of the date that the final results are certified.

CONCHO STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR
MORE DETAILED INFORMATION CONCERNING THE CONCHO ISSUANCE PROPOSAL.
 

-58-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 70/219

Table of Contents

CONCHO PROPOSAL

Concho Issuance Proposal

It is a condition to the completion of the merger that Concho stockholders approve the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in the merger.
In the merger, each RSP stockholder will receive, for each eligible share of RSP common stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger, the merger consideration of 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock, further described in the sections entitled “The
Merger—Consideration to RSP Stockholders” and “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger Consideration” beginning
on page 66 and 124, respectively.

Under NYSE rules, a company is required to obtain stockholder approval prior to the issuance of shares of common stock if the number of shares
of common stock to be issued is, or will be upon issuance, equal to or in excess of 20% of the number of shares of common stock outstanding before the
issuance of the shares of common stock. If the merger is completed pursuant to the merger agreement, Concho expects to issue up to approximately
51,015,555 shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger based on the number of shares of RSP common stock outstanding as of
May 31, 2018. Accordingly, the aggregate number of shares of Concho common stock that Concho will issue in the merger will exceed 20% of the
shares of Concho common stock outstanding before such issuance, and for this reason, Concho is seeking the approval of Concho stockholders for the
issuance of shares of Concho common stock pursuant to the merger agreement. In the event the Concho issuance proposal is not approved by Concho
stockholders, the merger will not be completed.

In the event the Concho issuance proposal is approved by Concho stockholders, but the merger agreement is terminated (without the merger being
completed) prior to the issuance of shares of Concho common stock pursuant to the merger agreement, Concho will not issue any shares of Concho
common stock as a result of the approval of the Concho issuance proposal.

Approval of the Concho issuance proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of votes cast by Concho stockholders present in person or by
proxy at the Concho special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal, and
broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

The Concho board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal.
 

-59-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 71/219

Table of Contents

SPECIAL MEETING OF RSP STOCKHOLDERS

Date, Time and Place

The RSP special meeting will be held on July 17, 2018, at 10 a.m., Central Time, at 3141 Hood Street, Suite 700 Dallas, Texas 75219.

Purpose of the RSP Special Meeting

The purpose of the RSP special meeting is to consider and vote on:
 

 •  the merger proposal; and
 

 •  the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

RSP will transact no other business at the RSP special meeting.

Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors

The RSP board unanimously recommends that RSP stockholders vote:
 

 •  “FOR” the merger proposal; and
 

 •  “FOR” the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.

For additional information on the recommendation of the RSP board, see the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the RSP Board of
Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 92.

Record Date and Outstanding Shares of RSP Common Stock

Only holders of record of issued and outstanding shares of RSP common stock as of the close of business on June 1, 2018, the record date for the
RSP special meeting, are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the RSP special meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the RSP special meeting.

As of the close of business on the record date, there were 159,422,836 shares of RSP common stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at
the RSP special meeting. You may cast one vote for each share of RSP common stock that you held as of the close of business on the record date.

A complete list of RSP stockholders entitled to vote at the Concho special meeting will be available for inspection at RSP’s principal place of
business during regular business hours for a period of no less than 10 days before the RSP special meeting and during the RSP special meeting at 3141
Hood Street, Suite 700, Dallas, Texas 75219.

Quorum; Abstentions and Broker Non-Votes

A quorum of RSP stockholders is necessary to hold a valid meeting. The presence at the RSP special meeting, in person or by proxy, of the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting constitutes a quorum. If you submit a
properly executed proxy card, even if you do not vote for one or both of the proposals or vote to “abstain” in respect of one or both of the proposals,
your shares of RSP common stock will be counted for purposes of calculating whether a quorum is present for the transaction of business at the RSP
special meeting.

RSP common stock held in “street name” with respect to which the beneficial owner fails to give voting instructions to the broker, bank or other
nominee, and RSP common stock with respect to which the beneficial owner otherwise fails to vote, will not be considered present and entitled to vote
at the RSP special meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.
 

-60-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 72/219

Table of Contents

A broker non-vote will result if your broker, bank or other nominee returns a proxy but does not provide instruction as to how shares should be
voted on a particular matter. Under the current rules of the NYSE, brokers, banks or other nominees do not have discretionary authority to vote on any
of the proposals at the RSP special meeting. Because the only proposals for consideration at the RSP special meeting are nondiscretionary proposals, it
is not expected that there will be any broker non-votes at the RSP special meeting. However, if there are any broker non-votes, the shares will not be
considered present and entitled to vote at the RSP special meeting for the purpose of determining the presence of a quorum.

Executed but unvoted proxies will be voted in accordance with the recommendations of the RSP board.

Required Votes

Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote on the
proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the proposal. Failure to vote on the merger proposal will
have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal.

Approval of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of RSP common stock
present in person or represented by proxy at the RSP special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

The merger proposal and non-binding compensation advisory proposal are described in the section entitled “RSP Proposals” beginning on
page 65.

Methods of Voting

RSP stockholders, whether holding shares directly as stockholders of record or beneficially in “street name,” may vote on the Internet by going to
the web address provided on the enclosed proxy card and following the instructions for Internet voting, by phone using the toll-free phone number listed
on the enclosed proxy card, or by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the postage-paid envelope provided.

RSP stockholders of record may vote their shares in person by ballot at the RSP special meeting or by submitting their proxies:
 

 •  by phone until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018;
 

 •  by the Internet until 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018; or
 

 
•  by completing, signing and returning your proxy or voting instruction card via mail. If you vote by mail, your proxy card must be received

by 11:59 p.m. Eastern Time on July 16, 2018.

RSP stockholders who hold their shares in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee should refer to the proxy card, voting instruction
form or other information forwarded by their broker, bank or other nominee for instructions on how to vote their shares.

Voting in Person

Shares held directly in your name as stockholder of record may be voted in person at the RSP special meeting. If you choose to vote your shares in
person at the RSP special meeting, bring your enclosed proxy card and proof of identification. Even if you plan to attend the RSP special meeting, the
RSP board recommends that you vote your shares in advance as described below so that your vote will be counted if you later decide not to attend the
RSP special meeting.
 

-61-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 73/219

Table of Contents

If you are a beneficial holder, you will receive separate voting instructions from your broker, bank or other nominee explaining how to vote your
shares. Please note that if your shares are held in “street name” by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the RSP special meeting, you
will not be permitted to vote in person unless you first obtain a legal proxy issued in your name from the record owner. You are encouraged to request a
legal proxy from your broker, bank or other nominee promptly as the process can be lengthy.

Voting by Proxy

Whether you hold your shares of RSP common stock directly as the stockholder of record or beneficially in “street name,” you may direct your
vote by proxy without attending the RSP special meeting. You can vote by proxy by phone, the Internet or mail by following the instructions provided in
the enclosed proxy card.

Questions About Voting

If you have any questions about how to vote or direct a vote in respect of your shares of RSP common stock, you may contact MacKenzie
Partners, RSP’s proxy solicitor, toll-free at (800) 322-2885 or collect at (212) 929-5500.

Adjournment

In accordance with the RSP bylaws, whether or not a quorum is present, the chairman of the RSP special meeting will have the power to adjourn
the RSP special meeting from time to time for the purpose of, among other things, soliciting additional proxies. If the RSP special meeting is adjourned,
RSP stockholders who have already submitted their proxies will be able to revoke them at any time prior to their use. At any subsequent reconvening of
the RSP special meeting, all proxies will be voted in the same manner as the manner in which such proxies would have been voted at the original
convening of the RSP special meeting, except for any proxies that have been validly revoked or withdrawn prior to the subsequent meeting.

In addition, the merger agreement provides that RSP (1) will be required to adjourn or postpone the RSP special meeting to the extent necessary to
ensure that any legally required supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is provided to the RSP stockholders or if, as of the
time the RSP special meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of RSP common stock represented to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct
business at the RSP special meeting, and (2) may adjourn or postpone the RSP special meeting if, as of the time for which the RSP special meeting is
scheduled, there are insufficient shares of RSP common stock represented to obtain the approval of the merger proposal. However, the RSP special
meeting will not be adjourned or postponed to a date that is more than 10 business days after the date for which the RSP special meeting was previously
scheduled (though the RSP special meeting may be adjourned or postponed every time the circumstances described in (1) exist, and, with Concho’s
consent, every time the circumstances described in the (2) exist) or to a date on or after two business days prior to October 31, 2018.

Revocability of Proxies

If you are a stockholder of record of RSP, whether you vote by phone, the Internet or mail, you can change or revoke your proxy before it is voted
at the meeting in one of the following ways:
 

 •  submit a new proxy card bearing a later date;
 

 •  vote again by phone or the Internet at a later time;
 

 
•  give written notice before the meeting to the RSP Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the above address stating that

you are revoking your proxy; or
 

 
•  attend the RSP special meeting and vote your shares in person. Please note that your attendance at the meeting will not alone serve to revoke

your proxy.
 

-62-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 74/219

Table of Contents

Proxy Solicitation Costs

The enclosed proxy card is being solicited on behalf of the RSP board. In addition to solicitation by mail, RSP’s directors, officers and employees
may solicit proxies in person, by phone or by electronic means. These persons will not be specifically compensated for conducting such solicitation.

RSP has retained MacKenzie Partners to assist in the solicitation process. RSP will pay MacKenzie Partners a fee expected not to exceed
$100,000, as well as reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses. RSP also has agreed to indemnify MacKenzie Partners against various
liabilities and expenses that relate to or arise out of its solicitation of proxies (subject to certain exceptions).

RSP will ask brokers, banks and other nominees to forward the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners of shares of RSP common
stock held of record by such nominee holders. RSP will reimburse these nominee holders for their customary clerical and mailing expenses incurred in
forwarding the proxy solicitation materials to the beneficial owners.

No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

Because shares of RSP common stock are listed on the NYSE and holders of shares of RSP common stock are not required to receive
consideration other than shares of Concho common stock, which are listed on the NYSE, and cash in lieu of fractional shares in the merger, holders of
shares of RSP common stock are not entitled to exercise dissenters’ or appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with the merger.

Other Information

The matters to be considered at the RSP special meeting are of great importance to the RSP stockholders. Accordingly, you are urged to read and
carefully consider the information contained in or incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus and submit your proxy by phone
or the Internet or complete, date, sign and promptly return the enclosed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you submit your proxy by
phone or the Internet, you do not need to return the enclosed proxy card.

Assistance

If you need assistance in completing your proxy card or have questions regarding the RSP special meeting, contact:
 

1407 Broadway, 27th Floor
New York, New York 10018

RSP@mackenziepartners.com
Call Collect: (212) 929-5500

Toll-Free: (800) 322-2885

Vote of RSP’s Directors and Executive Officers

As of May 31, 2018, RSP directors and executive officers, and their affiliates, as a group, owned and were entitled to vote 13,395,685 shares of
RSP common stock, or approximately 8.4% of the total outstanding shares of RSP common stock as of May 31, 2018.

RSP currently expects that all of its directors and executive officers will vote their shares “FOR” the merger proposal and “FOR” the non-binding
compensation advisory proposal.
 

-63-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 75/219

Table of Contents

Attending the RSP Special Meeting

You are entitled to attend the RSP special meeting only if you were a stockholder of record of RSP at the close of business on the record date or
you held your shares of RSP beneficially in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee as of the record date, or you hold a valid proxy for the RSP
special meeting.

If you were a stockholder of record of RSP at the close of business on the record date and wish to attend the RSP special meeting, so indicate on
the appropriate proxy card or as prompted by the phone or Internet voting system. Your name will be verified against the list of RSP stockholders of
record prior to your being admitted to the RSP special meeting.

If a broker, bank or other nominee is the record owner of your shares of RSP common stock, you will need to have proof that you are the
beneficial owner as of the record date to be admitted to the RSP special meeting. A recent statement or letter from your broker, bank or other nominee
confirming your ownership as of the record date, or presentation of a valid proxy from a broker, bank or other nominee that is the record owner of your
shares, would be acceptable proof of your beneficial ownership.

You should be prepared to present government-issued photo identification for admittance. If you do not provide photo identification or comply
with the other procedures outlined above upon request, you might not be admitted to the RSP special meeting.

Results of the RSP Special Meeting

Within four business days following the RSP special meeting, RSP intends to file the final voting results with the SEC on a Current Report on
Form 8-K. If the final voting results have not been certified within that four business day period, RSP will report the preliminary voting results on a
Current Report on Form 8-K at that time and will file an amendment to the Current Report on Form 8-K to report the final voting results within four
days of the date that the final results are certified.

RSP STOCKHOLDERS SHOULD CAREFULLY READ THIS JOINT PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS IN ITS ENTIRETY FOR MORE
DETAILED INFORMATION CONCERNING THE MERGER PROPOSAL AND THE NON-BINDING COMPENSATION ADVISORY
PROPOSAL.
 

-64-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 76/219

Table of Contents

RSP PROPOSALS

Merger Proposal

It is a condition to completion of the merger that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal. In the merger, each RSP stockholder will receive,
for each eligible share of RSP common stock that is issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, the merger
consideration of 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock, further described in the sections entitled “The Merger—Consideration to RSP Stockholders”
and “The Merger Agreement—Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger Consideration” beginning on page 66 and 124, respectively.

The approval by such stockholders of this proposal is required by Section 251 of the DGCL and is a condition to the completion of the merger.

Approval of the merger proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock entitled to vote on the
proposal. Abstentions and broker non-votes will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal. Failure to vote on the merger proposal
will have the same effect as a vote “AGAINST” the merger proposal.

The RSP board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the merger proposal.

Non-Binding Compensation Advisory Proposal

As required by Section 14A of the Exchange Act and the applicable SEC rules issued thereunder, which were enacted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, RSP is required to provide its stockholders the opportunity to vote to approve, on a non-binding,
advisory basis, certain compensation that may be paid or become payable to RSP’s named executive officers that is based on or otherwise relates to the
merger, as described in the section entitled “The Merger—Merger-Related Compensation” beginning on page 118. Accordingly, RSP stockholders are
being provided the opportunity to cast an advisory vote on such payments.

As an advisory vote, this proposal is not binding upon RSP or the RSP board or Concho or the Concho board, and approval of this proposal is not
a condition to completion of the merger and is a vote separate and apart from the merger proposal. Accordingly, you may vote to approve the merger
proposal and vote not to approve the non-binding compensation advisory proposal and vice versa. Because the merger-related executive compensation
to be paid in connection with the merger is based on the terms of the merger agreement as well as the contractual arrangements with RSP’s named
executive officers, such compensation will be payable, regardless of the outcome of this advisory vote, if the merger proposal is approved (subject only
to the contractual conditions applicable thereto). However, RSP seeks the support of its stockholders and believes that stockholder support is appropriate
because RSP has a comprehensive executive compensation program designed to link the compensation of its executives with RSP’s performance and the
interests of RSP stockholders. Accordingly, holders of shares of RSP common stock are being asked to vote on the following resolution:

RESOLVED, that the stockholders of RSP Permian, Inc. approve, on an advisory, non-binding basis, certain compensation that may be paid or
become payable to the named executive officers of RSP Permian, Inc. that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger, as disclosed pursuant to
Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K under the heading “The Merger—Merger-Related Compensation.”

Approval of the non-binding compensation advisory proposal requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of RSP common stock
present in person or represented by proxy at the RSP special meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Abstentions will have the same effect as a vote
“AGAINST” the proposal, and broker non-votes will have no effect on the outcome of the vote.

The RSP board unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” the non-binding compensation advisory proposal.
 

-65-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 77/219

Table of Contents

THE MERGER

This discussion of the merger is qualified in its entirety by reference to the merger agreement, which is attached to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus as Annex A and incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. You should read the entire merger agreement carefully as it is the
legal document that governs the merger.

Transaction Structure

At the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub will merge with and into RSP. As a result of the merger, the separate corporate existence of
Merger Sub will cease, and RSP will continue as the surviving corporation in the merger and as a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho.

Consideration to RSP Stockholders

As a result of the merger, each eligible share of RSP common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger
will be converted into the right to receive 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock (the merger consideration).

RSP stockholders will not be entitled to receive any fractional shares of Concho common stock in the merger, and no RSP stockholders will be
entitled to dividends, voting rights or any other rights in respect of any fractional shares of Concho common stock. RSP stockholders that would have
otherwise been entitled to receive a fractional share of Concho common stock will instead be entitled to receive, in lieu of fractional shares, an amount
in cash, without interest, equal to the product of the volume weighted average price of Concho common stock for the five consecutive trading days
immediately prior to the closing date as reported by Bloomberg, L.P., multiplied by the fraction of a share of Concho common stock to which the holder
would otherwise be entitled.

Background of the Merger

The RSP board regularly reviews the strategic direction of RSP and evaluates potential opportunities to enhance stockholder value, including
potential strategic combinations and acquisition opportunities. Since RSP’s initial public offering in January 2014, the RSP board has focused on
positioning RSP as a returns-oriented oil and gas producer operating in the Permian Basin, and has sought to grow RSP’s business both organically
through its drilling program, and through an acquisition strategy that targeted premier assets in the Permian Basin, while preserving a strong balance
sheet and liquidity position.

The Concho board and Concho management also periodically review the strategic direction of Concho and evaluate potential opportunities to
enhance stockholder value, including through potential acquisitions and combination transactions.

In early March of 2016, the Chief Executive Officer of another oil and gas exploration and development company (which we refer to as
“Company A”) informed Messrs. Ted Collins and Michael Wallace, each of whom were then members of the RSP board and also two of RSP’s largest
stockholders, that Company A was interested in engaging in discussions with RSP regarding a potential combination. Shortly thereafter, the Chief
Executive Officer of Company A (who we refer to as the “Company A CEO”) delivered to Mr. Steven Gray, Chief Executive Officer of RSP and a
member of the RSP board, an oral proposal with respect to an all-stock combination. This proposal came during a time that the relative trading price of
RSP’s common stock, as compared to the trading price of Company A’s common stock, was near an all-time low, and the proposed pro forma ownership
position of RSP stockholders in the combined company implied an exchange ratio and RSP stock price that was at a meaningful discount to the then-
current RSP trading price. Members of senior management of RSP discussed the proposal with representatives of TPH, who were already known to RSP
management, and subsequently, at a meeting held on March 15, 2016, the RSP board reviewed the details of the oral proposal from Company A and
determined that the proposed ownership percentage and implied exchange
 

-66-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 78/219

Table of Contents

ratio significantly undervalued RSP relative to its contribution to the pro forma company and advised Mr. Gray to communicate to the Company A CEO
that RSP was not interested in pursuing such a proposal. Shortly after the meeting, Mr. Gray communicated this position to the Company A CEO.

In response to Mr. Gray’s communication, the Company A CEO delivered a revised oral proposal to Mr. Gray that would result in RSP
stockholders receiving equity representing a higher ownership percentage in the combined company, but the implied exchange ratio still resulted in per
share consideration valued at less than the then-current trading price of RSP common stock. The revised proposal was evaluated by the RSP board at a
meeting held on March 29, 2016. After consideration, the RSP board again determined that the proposed ownership and implied exchange ratio
undervalued RSP and its contribution to the pro forma company and that it was not in the best interest of RSP and its stockholders to engage in further
discussions with respect to the proposal. Shortly after the meeting, Mr. Gray delivered the RSP board’s determination to reject the proposal to the
Company A CEO and discussions with the Company A CEO regarding a potential combination then ceased.

In February 2017, after consultation with the Concho board, at an industry event, Tim Leach, Chief Executive Officer of Concho and Chairman of
the Concho board, indicated to Mr. Gray that Mr. Leach would be interested in discussing a potential strategic combination of Concho and RSP.
Mr. Gray indicated that although the Company would consider any offers that it received, he believed that given the current energy backdrop and the
industry coming off historically low commodity prices and the fact that RSP had just completed the first half of the $2.4 billion Silver Hill acquisition
and was soon to complete the second half, and RSP was focused on the integration of Silver Hill, that it was not the right time to pursue such a
combination. Mr. Leach agreed to defer any further discussions until such time as RSP was prepared to discuss a potential strategic combination with
Concho.

On February 1 and 2, 2018, Mr. Gray attended an industry event that was also attended by Mr. Leach. During that event, Mr. Leach indicated to
Mr. Gray that Mr. Leach would be interested in discussing a potential strategic combination of Concho and RSP at the right time, but only if Mr. Gray
and the remainder of the RSP board welcomed such discussions. Mr. Gray advised Mr. Leach that RSP was currently focused on reporting its year-end
earnings and results, and its 2018 plans, and would prefer to defer any discussions regarding RSP considering a potential combination until the two
companies had reported year-end financial results and updated reserve reports. Mr. Leach agreed to defer any further discussions until such time. Shortly
thereafter, Mr. Gray reported the approach from Mr. Leach to members of the RSP board.

During the week of February 4, 2018, at an industry conference, the Company A CEO requested a meeting with Mr. Gray sometime the week of
February 11, 2018, when the Company A CEO was scheduled to be in Dallas, Texas. On February 15, 2018, the Company A CEO, who was then in
Dallas, contacted Mr. Gray to ask for a meeting and Mr. Gray agreed. At the meeting, Company A’s Chief Executive Officer delivered to Mr. Gray,
orally and in writing, Company A’s proposal (which we refer to as the “Company A February 15 Proposal”) to combine with RSP in an all-stock
transaction, with an exchange ratio to be set immediately prior to announcement at a value necessary to provide RSP stockholders with a 10% premium
to the then-current trading price of RSP common stock. As of the close of trading on February 15, 2018, the proposed premium implied a price of
$39.12 per RSP share. The Company A February 15 Proposal also expressed Company A’s willingness to provide RSP with appropriate board
representation on the combined company’s board and to pay up to 10% of the consideration in cash. In addition, Company A requested that RSP agree
to negotiate exclusively with Company A in respect of a strategic transaction until a definitive agreement were signed. The proposal also asserted that
the combined company would be well-received by investors and could generate a valuation uplift through a higher trading multiple. Company A
requested a response from Mr. Gray regarding RSP’s intent in pursuing a combination with Company A by February 22, 2018.

On February 16, 2018, Mr. Gray reported the substance of the meeting to members of the RSP board. That same day, Mr. Gray, Mr. Scott McNeill,
Chief Financial Officer of RSP and a member of the RSP board, and Mr. Michael Grimm, Chairman of the RSP board, requested that representatives of
TPH, who had previously
 

-67-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 79/219

Table of Contents

assisted RSP in evaluating a proposal from Company A, prepare preliminary financial analyses with respect to the Company A February 15 Proposal to
assist the RSP board as it evaluated a response.

On February 19, 2018, the Concho board met to discuss the potential strategic combination of Concho and RSP, including the potential merits and
risks of such a combination. At the meeting, the Concho board authorized Mr. Leach to continue discussions with Mr. Gray regarding a proposed
combination. Throughout the transaction process, the Concho board was updated periodically and upon significant developments regarding the proposed
combination by Mr. Leach as well as other members of Concho senior management. Shortly after the February 19, 2018 meeting, Concho senior
management consulted with Morgan Stanley and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP (which we refer to as “Sullivan & Cromwell”), Concho’s financial and legal
advisors, respectively, regarding the potential strategic combination of Concho and RSP.

On February 20, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting to discuss the Company A February 15 Proposal and the most recent approach from Concho
regarding a strategic combination. After reviewing the terms of the Company A February 15 Proposal and the preliminary financial analyses of TPH, the
RSP board determined that the Company A February 15 Proposal undervalued RSP on a relative basis and was not sufficiently compelling to warrant
RSP engaging in more extensive discussions with Company A regarding a potential transaction at that time. The RSP board authorized Mr. Gray to send
a written response to Company A rejecting the Company A February 15 Proposal and also authorized Mr. Gray to encourage Company A to make a
more compelling proposal and to engage with Concho to obtain a more concrete proposal.

Also at the February 20 meeting, the RSP board discussed the likelihood that one or both of Company A or Concho, and potentially other third
parties, may make further proposals in the near future, including on terms that may be attractive to RSP, and determined it would be prudent for RSP to
engage financial and legal advisors to assist the RSP board in evaluating and responding to any such proposals. The members of the RSP board also
discussed the potential benefits to engaging in a strategic combination with a similarly situated Permian Basin “pure play” operator of substantial scale
compared to continuing to operate on a stand-alone basis, including operational synergies associated with more efficient development of large,
contiguous acreage positions, a stronger balance sheet and credit profile and a further enhancement of drilling inventory.

On February 22, 2018, as authorized by the RSP board, Mr. Gray delivered a letter to Company A rejecting the Company A February 15 Proposal.
Later that day, Messrs. Gray and McNeill had a follow-up call with the Company A CEO and advised him that, while the Company A February 15
Proposal was not compelling enough to warrant further discussion, if Company A were to make a more compelling proposal that fairly valued the
relative contribution that RSP would make to a combined company, RSP would be willing to consider such a proposal. Mr. Gray emphasized that RSP
was focused on reporting its year-end results and updated reserve report, and its 2018 plans, and would prefer to defer any discussions until RSP had
finalized such work. The Company A CEO agreed to defer any further discussions until such time.

After discussions by Messrs. Gray, McNeill, Grimm and members of RSP management on the merits of several different potential financial
advisors, they elected to meet again with TPH to discuss their qualifications and to interview representatives from another internationally-recognized
investment bank with experience in the upstream oil and gas industry with respect to a potential engagement as RSP’s financial advisor in connection
with its evaluation of any business combination proposals. Members of RSP management engaged in similar discussions with TPH and the other
internationally-recognized investment bank on multiple subsequent occasions.

On February 27, 2018, RSP announced its financial and operating results for the fourth quarter and full year ended December 31, 2017 and its
proved reserves as of December 31, 2017, issued initial guidance with respect to 2018, and filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017 with the SEC.

On March 6, 2018, while attending an industry conference in Houston, Texas, Mr. Gray met with Mr. Leach and Jack Harper, President and Chief
Financial Officer of Concho. During that meeting, Mr. Gray advised
 

-68-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 80/219

Table of Contents

Messrs. Leach and Harper that, while RSP was focused on maximizing the value of its stand-alone business, to the extent Concho was still interested in
making a proposal with respect to a strategic combination, he was prepared to deliver the proposal to the RSP board for its consideration and that as
another interested party had approached RSP, it was likely an appropriate time for Concho to make an offer to RSP. Messrs. Leach and Harper confirmed
that Concho was still interested and that they would deliver a written proposal in the near future.

Also on March 6, 2018, RSP engaged Potter Anderson & Corroon LLP (which we refer to as “Potter Anderson”) as Delaware counsel to RSP in
connection with any potential transaction.

On March 7, 2018, after consultation with the Concho board, Mr. Leach delivered to Mr. Gray a written proposal (which we refer to as the
“Concho March 7 Proposal”) for Concho to combine with RSP in an all-stock transaction valuing each share of RSP common stock at $46.50, which
represented a 14% premium to the closing trading price of RSP common stock on March 6, 2018. Concho delivered with the Concho March 7 Proposal
a draft mutual confidentiality agreement, which included a mutual and customary “standstill” provision and an obligation for RSP to negotiate
exclusively with Concho in respect of a strategic combination for a period of 30 days. Mr. Leach also advised Mr. Gray that the Concho March 7
Proposal was intended to imply that Concho believed RSP’s pro forma ownership in the combined company should be in the range of 24-25%, which
RSP and its advisors interpreted as implying an exchange ratio of 0.295 to 0.311.

On March 8, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting to evaluate the Concho March 7 Proposal and Company A February 15 Proposal and to consider
potential responses. During this meeting, the RSP board discussed not only the specific proposals received, but also the larger strategic question of
whether there were other potential merger partners that could provide similar long-term value to RSP stockholders and whether engaging in a
combination at that time would maximize stockholder value as compared to continuing to operate on a stand-alone basis. As part of that preliminary
discussion, the RSP board felt that there continued to be significant upside for value creation in the Permian Basin. Thus, if RSP did pursue a
combination, the RSP board believed it would be in RSP’s stockholders’ best interests to align RSP with another “pure play” Permian operator and not
for RSP to be sold to a third party for cash or to combine with a third party in a stock transaction if the third party did not have the majority of its
operations in the Permian Basin, as either type of transaction would not permit RSP stockholders to fully participate in the upside associated with RSP’s
assets and full exposure to the Permian Basin.

The RSP board also discussed, however, that in recent years the relative success of Permian Basin operators was becoming more dependent on
their ability to efficiently develop their assets and less dependent on their ability to discover or acquire new resources. The RSP board discussed how
this emphasis on efficiency reinforces the importance of scale for Permian Basin producers, and discussed the potential benefits associated with a
merger with another Permian Basin “pure play” producer, including operational efficiencies and synergies associated with large, contiguous acreage
positions, economies of scale, a more predictable quarterly growth profile, and a larger balance sheet with an improved credit rating. The RSP board also
discussed its consensus that large-scale horizontal development of its resources would ultimately result in the highest efficiency and greatest recoveries
of its resources. The RSP board also discussed that any combination with another Permian-focused operator would permit RSP stockholders to share in
the potential upside of a combined Permian “pure play” company. At the conclusion of these discussions, the RSP board determined to engage financial
and legal advisors to assist the RSP board with evaluating and responding to the proposals and otherwise considering any other potential proposals or
strategic alternatives available to RSP. Messrs. Gray, McNeill, Grimm and RSP management recommended to the RSP board the engagement of TPH as
financial advisor, subject to negotiation of an acceptable engagement letter and review of its relationships with potential counterparties, due to the results
of its meetings with TPH and the other internationally recognized investment bank, TPH’s expertise in upstream oil and gas M&A generally and its
familiarity with RSP’s, Concho’s and Company A’s assets and respective CEOs, and executive teams specifically, which would help inform any
discussions between the parties. Mr. Jim Mutrie, Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of RSP, also recommended to the RSP board
 

-69-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 81/219

Table of Contents

the engagement of Vinson & Elkins LLP (which we refer to as “V&E”), RSP’s longtime outside corporate counsel, as legal advisor. The RSP board
supported these recommendations and authorized management to negotiate engagement letters with TPH and V&E.

On the evening of March 11, 2018, the RSP board, together with representatives from RSP management and each of TPH and V&E, held a board
meeting to consider the Concho March 7 Proposal and Company A February 15 Proposal. During the meeting, TPH reviewed with the RSP board
information related to its historical relationships with each of Concho and Company A and TPH’s expertise in upstream oil and gas M&A. The RSP
board then formally engaged TPH as its financial advisor. In addition, TPH reviewed with the RSP board certain preliminary analyses of the proposals,
and preliminary thoughts with respect to other potential counterparties RSP may want to consider approaching in connection with evaluating any
potential response to Concho and Company A.

On the morning of March 13, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting to further consider the Concho March 7 Proposal and Company A February 15
Proposal. At the outset of the meeting, representatives from Potter Anderson reviewed with the members of the RSP board their fiduciary duties in
considering and responding to the proposals that had been received from each of Concho and Company A, and in ultimately determining to enter into a
strategic transaction, if such a determination were made. Also during the March 13 meeting, representatives from TPH reviewed for the RSP board
preliminary financial analyses and asset overviews with respect to potential combinations with Concho and Company A. In connection with this review,
the RSP board members also discussed, together with their advisors, certain relative benefits and challenges presented by a combination with either
Concho or Company A, including with respect to the combined company’s scale, asset base, credit rating, growth prospects, and market perception, the
opportunities for synergies available from a combination with each company, and the likely composition of the post-closing board of directors and
management team following a combination with each company, with the RSP board assuming that the combined leadership team would have limited
representation from RSP in the event of a Concho-RSP combination and potentially meaningful representation from RSP in the event of a Company
A-RSP combination.

The RSP board also discussed with TPH whether any third parties would potentially be a more attractive merger partner than either Concho or
Company A, and the potential risks and benefits associated with contacting other potential strategic counterparties, including the risk of leaks and the
RSP board’s concern that one or both of Concho and Company A would be unwilling to participate in negotiations with respect to a transaction if they
believed RSP was broadly soliciting interest from potential strategic counterparties, given that representatives of each had directly stated this to
Mr. Gray. In connection with that discussion, the RSP board discussed the request from each of Concho and Company A for RSP to grant exclusivity
with respect to merger discussions. After discussion, the RSP board determined that a combination with another Permian “pure play” company would be
a value-enhancing transaction for RSP’s stockholders, that the two most attractive potential strategic counterparties were Concho and Company A, and
that, on balance, it would not be advisable to solicit interest from other potential counterparties at that time. The RSP board then authorized TPH to
contact each of Concho and Company A, to advise them of the existence of a targeted process with more than one interested party, and to request that
they each deliver a revised proposal, expressed as a fixed exchange ratio, by no later than March 16.

Following the RSP board meeting on March 13, representatives from TPH contacted the Company A CEO and Mr. Harper, to advise them of the
RSP board’s request for a revised proposal by March 16, 2018. TPH subsequently contacted representatives of Morgan Stanley at Mr. Harper’s request
to reiterate the discussion with Mr. Harper. During each of those conversations, the TPH representatives indicated that, while RSP was not engaging in
an auction of the company for cash, the RSP board was seriously considering the possibility of a strategic stock-for-stock combination following the
receipt of such proposals from more than one counterparty. Accordingly, each of Concho and Company A were advised to provide the most competitive
economic proposal it believed it could offer.

On March 16, 2018, Mr. Leach, in consultation with the Concho board, delivered a revised written proposal to RSP. The revised proposal from
Concho (which we refer to as the “Concho March 16 Proposal”), provided for
 

-70-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 82/219

Table of Contents

an all-stock combination of RSP and Concho in which RSP stockholders would receive 0.317 shares of Concho common stock for each share of RSP
common stock held, which implied a per share price of $47.07 based on the close of trading on March 16, a 20.5% premium over the closing price of
RSP’s common stock that day, and 25.3% pro forma ownership of the combined company for former RSP stockholders. The Concho March 16 Proposal
also represented an improvement to the Concho March 7 Proposal, which had referenced a $46.50 per share price and implied a 0.306 exchange ratio
and a 24-25% pro forma ownership of the combined company for former RSP stockholders. Concho enclosed with the Concho March 16 Proposal a
draft mutual confidentiality agreement, which included a mutual and customary “standstill” provision and an obligation for RSP to negotiate exclusively
with Concho in respect of a strategic combination for a period of 30 days. Concho stated in the Concho March 16 Proposal that the 0.317 exchange ratio
was premised on RSP accepting the proposed exclusivity.

On March 16, 2018, Company A also delivered a revised written proposal to RSP. The revised written proposal from Company A (which we refer
to as the “Company A March 16 Proposal”) also provided for a stock-for-stock transaction, with an exchange ratio that implied a 12.5% premium to
RSP stockholders or a consideration value of $43.93 based on March 16 closing prices. The exchange ratio proposed by Company A was an
improvement over the implied exchange ratio contemplated by the Company A February 15 Proposal, and also represented an increase in the absolute
value of proposed consideration of $4.81, compared to the Company A February 15 Proposal and based on the trading prices of each of Company A and
RSP on the dates of each offer. However, the Company A March 16 Proposal represented $3.14 less per share of RSP common stock than the Concho
March 16 proposal based on stock prices as of the close of trading on March 16. Because the RSP common stock had traded relatively higher than the
Company A common stock during the period preceding the offer, the exchange ratio proposed by Company A also represented an approximate 9%
increase in the exchange ratio implied by the Company A February 15 Proposal. Like Concho, Company A included in the Company A March 16
Proposal a request that RSP negotiate exclusively with Company A with respect to a potential transaction.

On March 17, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting to review the proposals and consider potential responses. During that meeting, representatives
from TPH reviewed with the RSP board the terms of the proposals and preliminary combination analyses with respect to a combination with each of
Concho and Company A. Following this review by TPH, the RSP board members and their advisors discussed the relative merits of the proposals and
the relative benefits and drawbacks presented by a merger with each of Concho and Company A, including as compared to RSP continuing to operate on
a stand-alone basis. During this discussion, the RSP board focused on the asset profiles of the two companies and the extent to which they would
complement RSP’s assets; the balance sheet and scale of the companies, in particular the ability to fund substantial drilling programs within cash flow;
the potential for multiple expansion; track record and growth history; credibility with the investing community; governance practices and other factors.
The RSP board also noted that the Concho March 16 Proposal represented a significant upfront premium compared to the Company A March 16
Proposal (a 20.5% premium compared to a 12.5% premium, representing an additional $3.14 per share). The RSP board members also discussed their
general consensus that, with respect to a strategic combination with Concho, the quality and complementary nature of Concho’s and RSP’s assets and
the scale of the combined company and its development program in the Permian Basin (which was expected to be the largest in the Permian Basin),
together with Concho’s demonstrated track record of operational success, strong balance sheet and investment-grade rating, established credibility with
the investor community, strong leadership team and an experienced board of directors and governance practices, would strongly position a pro forma
company in the marketplace. Following these discussions, the RSP board determined that, based on the totality of the factors considered, the Concho
March 16 Proposal was more attractive than the Company A March 16 Proposal and that, if Concho would be willing to further increase its proposed
exchange ratio, RSP would enter into a confidentiality agreement, exchange confidential information to confirm valuation and evaluate synergies, and
begin negotiating definitive documentation with respect to a merger. Accordingly, at the conclusion of the March 17 board meeting, the RSP board
authorized Mr. Gray to contact Mr. Leach to make a counterproposal of an exchange ratio of 0.340 shares of Concho common stock for each share of
RSP common stock and engage in negotiations and discussions with
 

-71-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 83/219

Table of Contents

Mr. Leach regarding the exchange ratio, in each case in a further effort to obtain an increased proposal from Concho.

Following the RSP board meeting on March 17, 2018, Mr. Gray contacted Mr. Leach and delivered RSP’s counterproposal of an exchange ratio of
0.340 shares of Concho common stock for each share of RSP common stock. That same day, the Company A CEO contacted Mr. Gray to reiterate his
views as to why a combination of RSP and Company A would be well received by the investment community and create significant value for RSP
stockholders.

On March 18, 2018, Mr. Harper, after consultation with the Concho board, contacted Mr. Gray and advised him that, based on publicly available
information, he did not believe Concho could increase its proposed exchange ratio from the 0.317 reflected in the Concho March 16 Proposal. In
response, at the direction of RSP management and consistent with prior authorization of the RSP board, representatives of TPH proposed an in person
diligence session involving members of senior management of each of Concho and RSP, during which RSP would be able to provide additional
information on its business and operations that could facilitate Concho increasing its offer. Mr. Harper agreed to this meeting.

The next day, March 19, 2018, Messrs. Gray, McNeill and Grimm of RSP, together with other RSP management and representatives of TPH, met
with members of the senior management of Concho and representatives of Morgan Stanley in Midland, Texas, to discuss financial, operational and
asset-related topics in general, and outline potential synergistic opportunities in a combined company. During these meetings, the representatives of RSP
restated RSP’s prior counterproposal of an exchange ratio of 0.340 shares of Concho common stock for each share of RSP common stock. In response,
members of the senior management of Concho advised the representatives of RSP that Concho would only consider the additional information provided
and the potential of raising its offer if RSP would enter into Concho’s proposed mutual confidentiality agreement that would provide Concho with an
exclusive right to negotiate with RSP for up to 30 days.

On the evening of March 19, 2018, the Concho board met to discuss the status of negotiations regarding the potential strategic combination with
RSP and to consider increasing the proposed exchange ratio above 0.317 in response to the request of the RSP board to do so and the information
provided in the meetings in Midland earlier in the day on March 19. The Concho board authorized an increased exchange ratio of 0.320 and Concho
management to continue negotiations with RSP regarding the potential combination. The Concho board also expressed its strong preference to continue
discussions with RSP on an exclusive basis.

Following the conclusion of the diligence session and the March 19, 2018 meeting of the Concho board, on the evening of March 19, 2018,
Concho delivered a revised proposal to RSP, which included an increase in the proposed exchange ratio from 0.317 to 0.320 (which we refer to as the
“Concho March 19 Proposal”). Enclosed with the Concho March 19 Proposal was a draft mutual confidentiality agreement that was identical to the
version previously provided, except that the requested exclusivity period had been shortened to 21 days from 30 days, as well as an initial draft merger
agreement.

Also on March 19, 2018, Company A’s financial advisor contacted TPH to further comment on Company A’s views regarding the potential
benefits to RSP stockholders of a combination with Company A. TPH advised Company A’s financial advisor to focus on Company A improving the
exchange ratio that Company A was offering, but Company A did not revise the economic terms of its bid.

On the night of March 19, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting to consider the Concho March 19 Proposal, the most recent communications with
Company A and potential responses, with representatives of TPH and V&E joining the meeting. The general consensus of the RSP board was that the
Concho March 19 Proposal continued to be more attractive than the Company A March 16 Proposal, and was attractive enough to proceed to signing a
confidentiality agreement with Concho and exchanging confidential information. However, the RSP board directed Mr. Gray to reach out to Company A
to confirm that Company A was not willing to increase its offer from the Company A March 16 Proposal prior to moving forward with Concho.
 

-72-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 84/219

Table of Contents

On the morning of March 20, 2018, Mr. Gray advised the Company A CEO that Company A’s proposal was less attractive to RSP than a
competing proposal, and thus Company A would need to raise its bid for RSP to engage in additional discussions regarding a strategic transaction. The
Company A CEO expressed his views that Company A would most likely not be willing to raise its offer materially. Mr. Gray conveyed this
development to the RSP board, which authorized Mr. Gray to continue discussions with Concho and to enter into a mutually agreeable confidentiality
agreement with Concho.

In the afternoon of March 20, 2018, Mr. Gray advised Mr. Harper that, while the 0.320 proposed exchange ratio was lower than the RSP board’s
counterproposal, the RSP board was willing to enter into a mutual confidentiality agreement and begin exchanging confidential information so that each
company could further review the other’s assets and financial performance. Following that call, RSP distributed a mutual confidentiality agreement to
Concho, which agreement contained mutual confidentiality provisions and a customary “standstill” provision in favor of RSP, but no exclusivity
provisions. Upon receipt of the draft mutual confidentiality agreement, Mr. Harper called Mr. Gray and advised him that Concho was not willing to
proceed with diligence and the negotiation of definitive agreements unless RSP agreed to negotiate exclusively with Concho, and that if RSP continued
to refuse to grant Concho exclusivity, Concho would consider ceasing discussions.

Following the call from Mr. Harper, Mr. Gray solicited input from other directors on the RSP board as to how to proceed, with the individual
board members agreeing that granting Concho a short exclusivity period was acceptable to the extent necessary to ensure they remained an active suitor
of RSP, particularly given the RSP board’s belief that Concho would continue to be a forthright negotiator if exclusivity were granted and not seek to
revise any terms of the offer it had previously communicated to RSP, and because Mr. Gray and TPH had not received a revised offer from Company A
since the discussion between Mr. Gray and the Company A CEO on the morning of March 20, 2018. After receiving this feedback, RSP distributed a
revised draft mutual confidentiality agreement to Concho later that evening, which contained a seven day exclusivity period.

Concho and RSP executed the mutual confidentiality agreement, dated March 20, 2018, on March 21, 2018, with the exclusivity provisions
scheduled to expire at midnight on March 27, 2018. The mutual confidentiality agreement also contained customary mutual “standstill” obligations.
Shortly following the execution of the mutual confidentiality agreement on March 21, 2018, RSP distributed to Concho a draft merger agreement and
requested that Concho and its legal advisor review and provide comments on the RSP draft (as opposed to using the initial draft merger agreement that
Concho had delivered to RSP on March 19).

The March 21 draft merger agreement provided for, among other things, that RSP would require representation on the Concho board, that RSP
would be prohibited from soliciting alternatives to the merger, that RSP would be permitted to terminate the merger agreement to enter into a superior
unsolicited competing proposal, generally reciprocal obligations and rights with respect to each party’s ability to change its board recommendation and a
bifurcated arrangement for termination fees under which, in specified circumstances, RSP would pay a termination fee equal to 2% or 4% of RSP’s
equity value, in other specified circumstances, Concho would pay a termination fee equal to 4% of Concho’s equity value and, in the event the merger
agreement was terminated because of a party’s failure to obtain the necessary approval of its stockholders, a “no vote” fee equal to 1% of its equity
value.

Following the execution of the mutual confidentiality agreement and throughout the transaction process, the parties and their respective advisors
each conducted ongoing legal, financial and commercial due diligence on the other party, including by means of in-person meetings, conference calls,
and the exchange of information, contracts and other documentation (including through electronic data sites).

On the evening of March 21, 2018 and then on March 22, 2018, representatives of Company A’s financial advisor attempted to contact
representatives of TPH, requesting to speak with them regarding RSP and a potential revised offer. In accordance with the terms of the mutual
confidentiality agreement with Concho, TPH did not respond to the requests. On March 22, 2018, Mr. Gray received a brief voicemail message from the
Company A
 

-73-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 85/219

Table of Contents

CEO regarding RSP. Also in accordance with the terms of the mutual confidentiality agreement with Concho, Mr. Gray did not return this call.
Company A did not communicate a revised offer as part of, or following, these communications, and RSP did not engage in any further communications
with Company A regarding a potential combination.

On the evening of March 23, 2018, Sullivan & Cromwell distributed to V&E a revised draft of the merger agreement (revising the draft that was
provided by RSP to Concho on March 21, 2018). Between the evening of March 23 and the evening of March 27, V&E and Sullivan and Cromwell
exchanged multiple drafts of the merger agreement reflecting various discussions between the parties and the parties’ respective positions on open items,
including, among other things, RSP representation on the Concho board, the parties’ obligations to not solicit competing proposals, the circumstances
and manner in which Concho could respond to competing proposals, the obligation of each party to hold a meeting for the vote of its stockholders
irrespective of a change of recommendation by such party’s board (known as a “force-the-vote” provision), termination provisions, termination fee
triggers and fee amounts and the amount of expense reimbursement upon a “no vote” by a party’s stockholders.

On March 25, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting. Members of RSP management and representatives of TPH and V&E were also present. During
the meeting, representatives from TPH reviewed with the RSP board financial analyses with respect to a potential combination of Concho and RSP. TPH
and RSP management also advised the RSP board regarding the nature and status of its financial and legal review of Concho. Following that discussion,
the RSP board discussed, in consultation with its advisors, whether or not engaging in a strategic combination at that time would be in the best interest
of RSP stockholders compared to continuing to operate on a stand-alone basis, which the members of the RSP board believed would offer attractive
returns to RSP stockholders at current commodity prices, and whether, given the terms of the proposed transaction with Concho, it would be
advantageous to permit the exclusivity period to expire and to solicit any further proposals from either Company A or other third parties. The RSP board
members discussed their belief that a combination with Concho on the proposed terms represented a compelling opportunity for RSP stockholders to
participate in a combined company with a leading position in the Permian Basin, an experienced and talented leadership team, a strong balance sheet
and large, blocky, premier acreage positions that would achieve operational synergies through efficient large-scale development of its assets, while
receiving a substantial upfront premium. The RSP board members also discussed their belief, based on their own expertise, past experiences (including
Company A’s unwillingness on multiple occasions to provide an increased bid when advised to do so or risk losing the transaction) and input from TPH,
that it was unlikely that Company A would make a revised proposal that, on the whole, was as compelling for RSP stockholders as the proposed
combination with Concho and that the possibility that reaching out to other potential counterparties would result in a more compelling transaction was
small and should be weighed against the risk that such outreach may result in Concho abandoning its pursuit of the proposed merger or result in a leak
among the contacted parties which could cause market disruption and make any transaction unfeasible.

Also during the March 25 meeting, representatives of V&E reviewed with the RSP board materials summarizing the key provisions of the
March 23 merger agreement draft received from Sullivan & Cromwell and the material ways in which that draft deviated from the March 21 merger
agreement draft that had been initially sent to Concho, which materials had previously been provided to the RSP board. Among other things, the RSP
board, together with the representatives of V&E and management, discussed the RSP board’s priorities that it wished to be reflected in the terms of the
merger agreement, including regarding conditionality, RSP’s and Concho’s ability to solicit and enter into competing proposals, termination provisions,
fee triggers and amounts, board representation, and certain interim restrictions on Concho. Specifically, the RSP board identified as key priorities for
merger negotiations (i) preserving the ability of the RSP board to terminate the merger agreement in the event a third party proposed an alternative
transaction that would be more favorable to RSP’s stockholders than the merger with Concho, and the desire to make the termination fees payable by
RSP in such a scenario as low as possible, (ii) ensuring that the termination fees that would be payable by Concho to RSP in the event Concho’s
stockholders voted against the merger, with or without a change in the Concho board’s
 

-74-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 86/219

Table of Contents

recommendation, would as much as possible compensate RSP for the costs associated with a failed merger, (iii) imposing reasonable restrictions on
Concho’s ability to issue equity, incur debt, and engage in acquisitions and dispositions during the pendency of the merger and (iv) implementing
retention and severance arrangements that would promote employee retention during the pendency of the merger. The RSP board also discussed the fact
that, while RSP had initially proposed that two directors from the RSP board continue as directors of Concho following the merger, the March 23 merger
agreement draft from Sullivan & Cromwell had proposed that only one RSP director would continue on the Concho board. Given the existing
composition of the Concho board, however, the RSP board believed that only having one continuing director would be acceptable and that more
material ongoing representation on the Concho board was not necessary to safeguard stockholder value following the merger closing. Accordingly, the
RSP board generally acknowledged its willingness to accept only a single director position on the combined company board, particularly if doing so
would be helpful when negotiating for other key priorities, including flexibility to implement necessary retention and severance arrangements and a
commitment from Concho to keep RSP’s corporate headquarters in Dallas open for some period of time following the merger.

After such discussion, the RSP board instructed Mr. Mutrie and the representatives of V&E to deliver a revised draft of the merger agreement to
Concho consistent with the RSP board’s expressed priorities. The RSP board also directed Mr. Mutrie, with the assistance of V&E, to continue to
negotiate the terms of the merger agreement in a manner consistent with the RSP board’s expressed priorities, with a goal of announcing a merger as
early as the morning of March 28, 2018. In the early morning of March 26, V&E delivered a revised draft of the merger agreement to Sullivan &
Cromwell.

On March 26, 2018, the Concho board held a meeting. Members of Concho management, as well as representatives of Morgan Stanley and
Sullivan & Cromwell, were also in attendance. Mr. Leach updated the Concho board on the events and developments since the prior meeting of the
Concho board and over the prior week. During the meeting, representatives from Morgan Stanley reviewed with the Concho board preliminary financial
analyses with respect to a potential combination of Concho and RSP. Concho management also advised the Concho board regarding the nature and
status of its financial and legal due diligence of Concho. Also during the March 26 meeting, representatives of Sullivan & Cromwell reviewed with the
Concho board the fiduciary duties of the Concho directors and materials summarizing the key provisions of the current draft of the merger agreement,
which materials had previously been provided to the Concho board. At the meeting, the Concho board also discussed and considered Concho
management’s expectation that the merger would produce operational and other synergies in excess of $2 billion based on present value, including
development efficiencies, complementary acreage providing for improved asset optimization and shared infrastructure.

Over the course of March 26, 2018 and March 27, 2018, Mr. Mutrie and representatives of V&E participated in multiple conference calls with
Mr. Counts and representatives of Sullivan & Cromwell to negotiate and resolve the remaining open issues in the merger agreement, including, among
other things, the parties’ obligations to not solicit competing proposals, the ability of Concho to undertake certain acquisitions between signing and
closing, the circumstances and manner in which Concho could respond to competing proposals, termination provisions, termination fee triggers and fee
amounts and expense reimbursement. During the course of these discussions, the parties agreed that only one RSP director would be appointed to serve
on the Concho board at closing of the merger. On the night of March 27, 2018, the parties and their respective advisors resolved the major open issues in
the draft merger agreement, subject to approval by each party’s board. For additional information regarding the final terms of the merger agreement, see
the section entitled “The Merger Agreement” beginning on page 123 and a copy of the merger agreement is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy
statement/prospectus.

On the evening of March 27, 2018, the RSP board held a meeting. During the meeting, representatives from TPH reviewed with the RSP board its
financial analyses with respect to the proposed merger with Concho and, upon the request of the RSP board, rendered its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed in writing, dated March 27, 2018, that, as of such date and based on and subject to the limitations, qualifications and
assumptions
 

-75-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 87/219

Table of Contents

set forth in the written opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of eligible shares pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from
a financial point of view, to such holders. Also during the meeting, representatives from V&E, together with Mr. Mutrie, reviewed with the RSP board
the fiduciary duties of the RSP directors and materials summarizing the proposed substantially final terms of the merger agreement, which had
previously been provided to the RSP board. Following discussion, the RSP board unanimously: (i) declared the merger agreement and the transactions
contemplated thereby, including the merger, fair to, and in the best interests of RSP and the RSP stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, (iii) directed that the merger agreement be submitted to the RSP
stockholders for adoption at a meeting of such stockholders and (iv) recommended that the RSP stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement. The RSP board also unanimously determined to postpone the annual meeting of RSP stockholders during the pendency of the merger. Later
that evening, the final draft of the merger agreement was circulated to and approved by all members of the RSP board.

On the evening of March 27, 2018, the Concho board held a meeting. Members of Concho management, as well as representatives of Morgan
Stanley and Sullivan & Cromwell, were also in attendance. During the meeting, representatives from Morgan Stanley reviewed with the Concho board
its financial analyses with respect to the proposed merger with RSP and, upon the request of the Concho board, rendered its oral opinion, which was
subsequently confirmed in writing, dated March 27, 2018, that, as of March 27, 2018, and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures
followed, matters considered, and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in preparing its opinion, the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair a financial point of view to Concho. Also during the meeting, representatives from Sullivan &
Cromwell, together with Mr. Counts, reviewed with the Concho board the fiduciary duties of the Concho directors and materials summarizing the
proposed substantially final terms of the merger agreement, which had previously been provided to the Concho board. Following discussion, the Concho
board unanimously: (i) determined that the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of Concho
common stock in connection with the merger, were fair to, and in the best interests of, Concho and the holders of Concho common stock, (ii) approved
and declared advisable the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in
connection with the merger, and (iii) resolved to recommend that the holders of Concho common stock approve the Concho issuance proposal. Later that
evening, the final draft of the merger agreement was circulated to and approved by all members of the Concho board.

On the night of March 27, 2018, Concho and RSP executed the definitive merger agreement.

On the morning of March 28, 2018, Concho and RSP issued a joint press release announcing the merger.

Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

The Concho board unanimously determined the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of
Concho common stock in connection with the merger, to be fair to, and in the best interests of, Concho and its stockholders and approved the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger. The
Concho board unanimously recommends that Concho stockholders vote “FOR” the Concho issuance proposal.

In evaluating the merger, the Concho board consulted with Concho management, as well as Concho’s legal and financial advisors, and considered
a number of factors, weighing both perceived benefits of the merger as well as potential risks of the merger.
 

-76-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 88/219

Table of Contents

In the course of its deliberations, the Concho board considered a variety of factors and information that it believes support its determinations and
recommendations, including the following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  Concho’s expectation that the increased size, scale, and resources of Concho following the merger will create additional stockholder value

and allow Concho to be even more competitive in leveraging its operating capabilities and capturing strategic opportunities.
 

 
•  Concho’s expectation that the merger will reinforce its leadership position as the premier Permian pure-play company and create the largest

crude oil and natural gas producer from unconventional shale in the Permian Basin, with 27 rigs on a large, highly-complementary acreage
position, consisting of approximately 640,000 net acres.

 

 
•  Concho’s expectation that the merger will be accretive in the first year to Concho’s key per-share metrics (before operational synergies),

including net asset value, earnings, cash flow and debt-adjusted growth.
 

 
•  Concho’s expectation that the merger will enhance Concho’s three-year annualized production growth outlook within cash flow from

operations.
 

 
•  Concho’s expectation that the merger will be balance sheet neutral and credit accretive and that following the merger Concho will have a

stronger financial and credit profile and balance sheet, as well as a more diverse asset base, which will maintain Concho’s investment grade
credit ratings and provide enhanced access to equity and debt capital (and on more favorable terms).

 

 

•  Concho’s expectation that the merger will produce operational and other synergies in excess of $2 billion based on present value, which
includes synergies resulting from drilling and completion (D&C) cost improvements, improved cycle times, data aggregation benefits,
estimated ultimate recovery (EUR) enhancements, longer lateral exposure, inventory high grading, saltwater disposal (SWD) infrastructure
benefits, multi-well pad drilling and field-level infrastructure rationalization. This synergies figure also includes over $60 million in annual
corporate level savings (including $45 million of cash savings), including administrative and financial cost savings.

 

 
•  Concho’s past record of successfully integrating acquisitions and realizing the projected financial goals and benefits of acquisitions and

Concho management’s belief that Concho will be able to integrate RSP with Concho successfully.
 

 
•  The attractiveness of the merger to Concho in comparison to other acquisition opportunities reasonably available to Concho, including the

belief that Concho and RSP have similar execution-focused cultures, values, businesses and operational models and exceptional technical
teams with complementary skill sets, which will facilitate the integration of RSP into the Concho corporate group.

 

 
•  The Concho board’s knowledge of, and discussions with Concho management and its advisors regarding, each of Concho’s and RSP’s

business operations, financial condition, earnings and prospects, taking into account RSP’s publicly-filed information and the results of
Concho’s due diligence investigation of RSP.

 

 •  The recommendation of the merger by Concho’s senior management team.
 

 

•  The oral opinion of Morgan Stanley rendered on March 27, 2018 and the written opinion of Morgan Stanley, dated March 27, 2018, to the
Concho board to the effect that as of the date of such opinion, and subject to the various assumptions made, procedures followed, matters
considered, and qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley as set forth therein, the exchange
ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Concho. For additional information regarding the opinion
of Morgan Stanley, see the section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 80.
The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley is attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

 
-77-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 89/219

Table of Contents

 
•  That the Concho board believes the restrictions imposed on Concho’s business and operations during the pendency of the merger are

reasonable and not unduly burdensome.
 

 
•  That the exchange ratio is fixed and will not fluctuate in the event that the market price of RSP common stock increases relative to the

market price of Concho common stock between the date of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger.
 

 •  The likelihood of consummation of the merger and the Concho board’s evaluation of the likely time period necessary to close the merger.
 

 
•  That Concho will continue to be led by the current strong, experienced Concho management team and that the addition of a current RSP

director to the Concho board post-merger will add further valuable expertise and experience and in-depth familiarity with RSP to the
Concho board, which will enhance the likelihood of realizing the strategic benefits that Concho expects to derive from the merger.

 

 
•  That the Concho stockholders will have the opportunity to vote on the Concho issuance proposal, which is a condition precedent to the

merger.
 

 
•  The representations, warranties, covenants and conditions contained in the merger agreement, including the following (which are not

necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  That Concho has the ability, in specified circumstances, to provide information to and to engage in discussions or negotiations with a

third party that makes an unsolicited acquisition proposal, as further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 135.

 

 
•  That the Concho board has the ability, in specified circumstances, to change its recommendation to Concho stockholders in favor of

the Concho issuance proposal, as further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—Concho: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events” beginning on page 139.

 

 

•  That there are limited circumstances in which the RSP board may terminate the merger agreement or change its recommendation that
RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal, and if the merger agreement is terminated by Concho as a result of a change in
recommendation of the RSP board (except in certain limited circumstances related to a Concho takeover proposal) or by RSP in
order to enter into a definitive agreement with a third party providing for the consummation of a RSP superior proposal, then in each
case RSP has agreed to pay Concho a termination fee of $250 million. For additional information, see the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 155.

 

 

•  That if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because RSP stockholders have not approved the merger proposal (except
in certain limited circumstances related to a Concho takeover proposal), then RSP has agreed to pay Concho an expense
reimbursement fee of $50 million. For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination”
beginning on page 155.

In the course of its deliberations, the Concho board also considered a variety of risks, uncertainties and other potentially negative factors,
including the following (which are not necessarily presented in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  That the merger may not be completed in a timely manner or at all and the potential consequences of non-completion or delays in

completion.
 

 
•  The effect that the length of time from announcement of the merger until completion of the merger could have on the market price of

Concho common stock, Concho’s operating results and the relationship with Concho’s employees, stockholders, customers, suppliers,
regulators and others who do business with Concho.

 
-78-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 90/219

Table of Contents

 
•  That the anticipated benefits of the merger may not be realized in full or in part, including the risk that synergies and cost-savings may not

be achieved or not achieved in the expected time frame.
 

 
•  That the attention of Concho’s senior management may be diverted from other strategic priorities to implement the merger and make

arrangements for the integration of RSP’s and Concho’s operations, assets and employees following the merger.
 

 •  That RSP stockholders may not approve the merger proposal or that Concho stockholders may not approve the Concho issuance proposal.
 

 
•  The impact of the merger on the existing debt financing arrangements of Concho and RSP and the risk that any refinancing that may be

undertaken in connection with the merger may not ultimately be available at all or on the terms anticipated by Concho.
 

 
•  The risk that antitrust regulatory authorities may not approve the merger or may impose terms and conditions on their approvals that

adversely affect the business and financial results of Concho following the merger.
 

 
•  That the exchange ratio is fixed and will not fluctuate in the event that the market price of Concho common stock increases relative to the

market price of RSP common stock between the date of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger.
 

 
•  That the merger agreement imposes restrictions on Concho’s ability to solicit alternative transactions and make certain acquisitions, which

are described in the sections entitled “The Merger Agreement—Interim Operations of RSP and Concho Pending the Merger” and “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 131 and 135, respectively.

 

 

•  That there are limited circumstances in which the Concho board may terminate the merger agreement or change its recommendation that
Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal, and if the merger agreement is terminated by RSP as a result of a change in
recommendation of the Concho board, then Concho has agreed to pay RSP a reverse termination fee of $350 million. For additional
information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 155.

 

 
•  That if the merger agreement is terminated by either party because Concho stockholders have not approved the merger proposal, then

Concho has agreed to pay RSP an expense reimbursement fee of $100 million. For additional information, see the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Termination” beginning on page 155.

 

 

•  The requirement that Concho hold a stockholder vote on the approval of the Concho issuance proposal, even if the Concho board has
withdrawn or changed its recommendation in favor of the Concho issuance proposal, and the inability of Concho to terminate the merger
agreement in connection with an acquisition proposal. For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No
Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation” beginning on page 135.

 

 •  The transaction costs to be incurred by Concho in connection with the merger.
 

 
•  The risks associated with the occurrence of events that may materially and adversely affect the financial condition, properties, assets,

liabilities, business or results of operations of RSP and its subsidiaries but that will not entitle Concho to terminate the merger agreement.
 

 
•  The potential impact on the market price of Concho common stock as a result of the issuance of the merger consideration to RSP

stockholders.
 

 •  Various other risks described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41.

The Concho board considered all of these factors as a whole and unanimously concluded that they supported a determination to approve the
merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the issuance of shares of Concho common stock in connection with the merger.
The foregoing discussion of the
 

-79-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 91/219

Table of Contents

information and factors considered by the Concho board is not exhaustive. In view of the wide variety of factors considered by the Concho board in
connection with its evaluation of the merger and the complexity of these matters, the Concho board did not consider it practical to, nor did it attempt to,
quantify, rank or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors that it considered in reaching its decision. In considering the factors described
above and any other factors, individual members of the Concho board may have viewed factors differently or given different weight or merit to different
factors.

In considering the recommendation of the Concho board that the Concho stockholders vote to approve the Concho issuance proposal, Concho
stockholders should be aware that the executive officers and directors of Concho may have certain interests in the merger that may be different from, or
in addition to, the interests of Concho stockholders generally. The Concho board was aware of these interests and considered them when approving the
merger agreement and recommending that Concho stockholders vote to approve the Concho issuance proposal, which are described in the section
entitled “The Merger—Interests of Concho’s Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 114.

The foregoing discussion of the information and factors considered by the Concho board is forward-looking in nature and should be read in light
of the factors described in the section entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51.

Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor

Concho retained Morgan Stanley to provide it with financial advisory services in connection with the merger and to provide a financial opinion to
the Concho board. Concho selected Morgan Stanley to act as its financial advisor based on Morgan Stanley’s qualifications, expertise and reputation and
its knowledge of the business and affairs of Concho. On March 27, 2018, at a meeting of the Concho board, Morgan Stanley rendered its oral opinion,
subsequently confirmed by delivery of a written opinion, dated March 27, 2018, that, as of such date and based upon and subject to the various
assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and qualifications and limitations on the scope of review undertaken by Morgan Stanley as
set forth in the written opinion, the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was fair from a financial point of view to Concho.

The full text of the written opinion of Morgan Stanley delivered to the Concho board, dated as of March 27, 2018, is attached as Annex B
to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated herein by reference in its entirety. Concho stockholders should read Morgan
Stanley’s opinion carefully and in its entirety for a discussion of the assumptions made, procedures followed, matters considered and
qualifications and limitations on the scope of the review undertaken by Morgan Stanley in rendering its opinion. This summary is qualified in
its entirety by reference to the full text of such opinion. Morgan Stanley’s opinion was directed to the Concho board, in its capacity as such, and
addressed only the fairness from a financial point of view to Concho of the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement as of the date of
such opinion. Morgan Stanley’s opinion did not address any other aspects or implications of the merger. Morgan Stanley’s opinion did not in
any manner address the price at which the Concho common stock would trade following the consummation of the merger or at any time, and
Morgan Stanley expressed no opinion or recommendation to any holder of shares of Concho common stock or RSP common stock as to how
such holder should vote at the Concho special meeting or the RSP special meeting, respectively, or whether to take any other action with respect
to the merger.

For purposes of rendering its opinion, Morgan Stanley, among other things:
 

 1. reviewed certain publicly available financial statements and other business and financial information of RSP and Concho, respectively;
 

 2. reviewed certain internal financial statements and other financial and operating data concerning RSP and Concho, respectively;
 

-80-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 92/219

Table of Contents

 
3. reviewed certain financial projections of Concho and RSP provided by the management of Concho (which included certain forecast data

prepared by RSP);
 

 
4. reviewed information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the

management of Concho;
 

 5. discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of RSP with senior executives of RSP;
 

 
6. discussed the past and current operations and financial condition and the prospects of Concho, including information relating to certain

strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the management of Concho, with senior executives of
Concho;

 

 7. reviewed the pro forma impact of the merger on Concho’s cash flow, consolidated capitalization and certain financial ratios;
 

 8. reviewed the reported prices and trading activity for RSP common stock and Concho common stock;
 

 
9. compared the financial performance of RSP and Concho and the prices and trading activity of RSP common stock and Concho common

stock with that of certain other publicly-traded companies comparable with RSP and Concho, respectively, and their securities;
 

 10. reviewed the financial terms, to the extent publicly available, of certain comparable acquisition transactions;
 

 11. participated in certain discussions and negotiations among representatives of RSP and Concho and their financial and legal advisors;
 

 12. reviewed the merger agreement and certain related documents; and
 

 13. performed such other analyses, reviewed such other information and considered such other factors as Morgan Stanley deemed appropriate.

Morgan Stanley assumed and relied upon, without independent verification, the accuracy and completeness of the information that was publicly
available or supplied or otherwise made available to Morgan Stanley by RSP and Concho, and formed a substantial basis for its opinion. At the direction
of Concho management, Morgan Stanley’s analyses relating to the business and financial prospects of RSP and Concho for purposes of the Morgan
Stanley opinion were made on the bases of the financial projections provided by the management of Concho (which included certain forecast data
prepared by RSP) and the information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the
management of Concho. With respect to the financial projections provided by the management of Concho (which included certain forecast data prepared
by RSP) and the information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the management of
Concho, Morgan Stanley assumed, with the consent of Concho management, that they had been reasonably prepared on bases reflecting the best
currently available estimates and judgments of the respective managements of RSP and Concho of the future financial performance of RSP and Concho,
respectively, and of the strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated to result from the merger, including the potential impact of recent
changes in the U.S. tax laws and regulations pursuant to the TCJA. Morgan Stanley expressed no view as to the financial projections prepared by the
management of Concho and the information relating to certain strategic, financial and operational benefits anticipated from the merger, prepared by the
management of Concho, nor the assumptions on which they were based, including the potential impact of the TCJA. Morgan Stanley further noted that
(i) the actual and estimated financial and operating performance and the share price data that Morgan Stanley reviewed for the companies with publicly
traded equity securities that Morgan Stanley deemed to be relevant and (ii) the financial terms of certain acquisition transactions that Morgan Stanley
deemed relevant might not, in whole or in part, reflect the potential impact of the TCJA. In addition, Morgan Stanley assumed, with the consent of
Concho management, that the merger will be consummated in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations and in accordance with the terms set
forth in the merger agreement without any waiver, amendment or delay of any terms or conditions, including,
 

-81-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 93/219

Table of Contents

among other things, that the merger will be treated as a tax-free reorganization pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code and that the definitive merger
agreement would not differ in any material respect from the draft thereof furnished to Morgan Stanley. Morgan Stanley assumed, with the consent of
Concho management, that in connection with the receipt of any governmental, regulatory or other approvals, consents or agreements required in
connection with the merger, no delays, limitations, conditions or restrictions would be imposed that would have a material adverse effect on RSP,
Concho, their respective subsidiaries or the contemplated benefits expected to be derived in the merger. Morgan Stanley noted that it was not a legal, tax
or regulatory advisor. Morgan Stanley noted that it is a financial advisor only and relied upon, without independent verification, the assessment of
Concho and RSP and their legal, tax and regulatory advisors with respect to legal, tax and regulatory matters. Morgan Stanley did not perform any tax
assessment in connection with the merger. Morgan Stanley expressed no opinion with respect to the fairness of the amount or nature of the
compensation to any of RSP’s officers, directors or employees, or any class of such persons, relative to the consideration to be paid to the holders of
shares of RSP common stock in the transaction. Morgan Stanley was not requested to make, and did not make, any independent valuation or appraisal of
the assets or liabilities (contingent or otherwise) of RSP or Concho, nor was Morgan Stanley furnished with any such valuations or appraisals. Morgan
Stanley’s opinion was necessarily based on financial, economic, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to
Morgan Stanley as of, the date of its opinion. Events occurring after the date of Morgan Stanley’s opinion may affect Morgan Stanley’s opinion and the
assumptions used in preparing it, and Morgan Stanley did not assume any obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion.

Summary of Financial Analyses of Morgan Stanley

The following is a summary of the material financial analyses performed by Morgan Stanley in connection with its oral opinion and the
preparation of its written opinion to the Concho board, both provided as of March 27, 2018. The following summary is not a complete description of the
financial analyses performed and factors considered by Morgan Stanley in connection with its opinion, nor does the order of analyses described
represent the relative importance or weight given to those analyses. Except as otherwise noted, the following quantitative information, to the extent that
it is based on market data, is based on market data as it existed on or before March 26, 2018. Some of these summaries of financial analyses include
information presented in tabular format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses used by Morgan Stanley, the tables must be read together
with the text of each summary. The tables alone do not constitute a complete description of the financial analyses. The analyses listed in the tables and
described below must be considered as a whole. Assessing any portion of such analyses and of the factors reviewed, without considering all analyses
and factors, could create a misleading or incomplete view of the process underlying Morgan Stanley’s opinion. Furthermore, mathematical analysis is
not in itself a meaningful method of using the data referred to below.

In performing the financial analyses summarized below and in arriving at its opinion, at the direction of the Concho board, Morgan Stanley
utilized and relied upon certain financial projections relating to RSP and Concho, provided by the management of Concho (which included certain
forecast data prepared by RSP) and which are described below. In addition, Morgan Stanley utilized and relied upon the number of issued and
outstanding shares of RSP and Concho provided by management of Concho. For further information regarding the financial and operating projections,
see the section entitled “The Merger—Concho Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information” beginning on page 108. Other than the Accretion / Dilution
Analysis (which was based in part on pre-tax annual corporate level cash savings of $45 million), none of the financial analyses performed by Morgan
Stanley considered, relied upon or reflected the estimated $2 billion of operational and other synergies identified by Concho management, as described
in the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on page 76.

Comparable Company Analysis

In order to assess how the public market values shares of similar publicly traded companies, Morgan Stanley reviewed and compared specific
financial and operating data relating to each of RSP and Concho with
 

-82-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 94/219

Table of Contents

selected companies that Morgan Stanley deemed comparable to each of RSP and Concho, based on size, location of assets, expected growth and
leverage profile.

Morgan Stanley analyzed, among other things, the following financial metrics of each of the comparable companies as of March 26, 2018:
 

 

•  the ratio of aggregate value (defined as market capitalization plus net debt, preferred equity and minority interests) to 2018 and 2019
estimated EBITDAX (calculated as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and exploration expenses) (based on median
research consensus per S&P Capital IQ (such median research consensus we refer to, for purposes of this section entitled “The Merger—
Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor,” as “Wall Street consensus estimates”));

 

 •  the ratio of share price to estimated 2018 and 2019 cash flow per share (based on Wall Street consensus estimates);
 

 •  the ratio of aggregate value to 2017 year end proved reserves (measured in barrels of oil equivalent); and
 

 •  the ratio of aggregate value to Q4 2017 production (measured in barrels of oil equivalent per day).

The metrics for each of the comparable companies are summarized as follows:

Comparable Companies
 

   

AV /
2018E

EBITDAX
(x)    

AV /
2019E

EBITDAX
(x)    

P / 2018E
Cash Flow
Per Share

(x)    

P / 2019E
Cash Flow
Per Share

(x)    

AV /
Proved

Reserves
($ / Boe)    

AV /
Current

Production
($ / Boepd) 

Pioneer Natural Resources Company    9.2x    7.8x    9.7x    8.1x   $ 31.00   $100,171 
Diamondback Energy, Inc.    10.1x    7.4x    9.4x    6.8x   $ 44.06   $159,095 
Parsley Energy, Inc.    8.7x    6.3x    8.3x    5.5x   $ 25.28   $131,097 
Energen Corporation    6.6x    5.0x    6.1x    4.8x   $ 14.81   $ 67,496 
Centennial Resources Development, Inc.    8.8x    6.3x    7.8x    6.0x   $ 29.56   $124,389 
Matador Resources Company    8.4x    6.6x    7.5x    6.0x   $ 24.96   $ 87,231 
Callon Petroleum Company    7.6x    5.6x    6.4x    4.6x   $ 22.60   $116,745 
Jagged Peak Energy Inc.    6.7x    4.7x    6.5x    4.5x   $ 34.32   $117,589 

Based on the analysis of the relevant metrics for each of the comparable companies, and upon the application of its professional judgment and
experience (which included the exclusion of outliers and weighting more heavily the comparable companies which Morgan Stanley deemed most
comparable to Concho and RSP in the relevant metrics), Morgan Stanley selected a reference range of financial multiples of the comparable companies
and applied this range of multiples to the relevant RSP and Concho financial statistics (based on Wall Street consensus estimates for RSP and Concho
EBITDAX and cash flow per share).

Morgan Stanley calculated the following ranges of the implied per share values of RSP common stock:
 

   
RSP

Statistic    Reference Range    

Implied Value
Per

Share Range for RSP  
Public Trading Comparables       
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2018 EBITDAX   $ 946MM    7.6x – 10.1x    $ 35.56 – $50.30 
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2019 EBITDAX   $ 1,218MM    5.6x – 7.8x    $ 33.62 – $49.97 
Price to Estimated 2018 Cash Flow per Share   $ 5.33/Sh    6.4x – 9.7x    $ 34.34 – $51.58 
Price to Estimated 2019 Cash Flow per Share   $ 7.06/Sh    4.6x – 8.1x    $ 32.41 – $56.96 
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves (Boe)    376MMBoe    $22.60 – $31.00    $ 43.96 – $63.79 
Aggregate Value to Current Production (Boepd)    62Mboepd    $116,745 – $150,000    $ 36.34 – $49.34 
 

-83-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 95/219

Table of Contents

Morgan Stanley calculated the following ranges of the implied per share values of Concho common stock:
 

   
Concho
Statistic    Reference Range    

Implied Value
Per

Share Range for Concho  
Public Trading Comparables       
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2018 EBITDAX   $ 2,290MM    7.6x – 10.1x    $ 99.93 – $138.08 
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2019 EBITDAX   $ 2,764MM    5.6x – 7.8x    $ 87.97 – $127.67 
Price to Estimated 2018 Cash Flow per Share   $ 14.20/Sh    6.4x – 9.7x    $ 91.49 – $137.41 
Price to Estimated 2019 Cash Flow per Share   $ 17.60/Sh    4.6x – 8.1x    $ 80.78 – $142.01 
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves (Boe)    841MMBoe    $22.60 – $31.00    $ 113.81 – $161.22 
Aggregate Value to Current Production (Boepd)    211Mboepd    $116,745 – $150,000    $ 151.72 – $198.80 

No company utilized in the comparable company analysis is identical to RSP or Concho. In evaluating comparable companies, Morgan Stanley
made judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, economic, market and financial conditions and other matters,
which are beyond the control of RSP and Concho. These include, among other things, the impact of competition on the businesses of RSP and Concho
and the industry generally, industry growth, and the absence of any adverse material change in the financial condition and prospects of RSP, Concho or
the industry, or in the financial markets in general.

Precedent Transactions Analyses

Morgan Stanley performed a precedent transactions analysis, which is designed to imply a value of a company based on publicly available
financial terms for selected transactions.

In connection with its analysis, Morgan Stanley compared publicly available statistics for five transactions involving exploration and production
targets with assets primarily located in Permian Basin and four transactions with exploration and production targets with diversified assets located in
multiple regions. Morgan Stanley deemed these U.S. public company transactions to be comparable based on target asset location, transaction size, and
transaction structure.

For purposes of the analysis of the precedent transactions, Morgan Stanley analyzed, among other things, the following statistics:
 

 •  the ratio of aggregate value to year end proved reserves (measured in barrels of oil equivalent);
 

 •  the ratio of aggregate value to latest quarter production (measured in barrels of oil equivalent per day);
 

 
•  the ratio of aggregate value to fiscal year + 1 (defined as the fiscal year in which the transaction was announced) EBITDAX (based on Wall

Street consensus estimates); and
 

 •  the ratio of share price to fiscal year + 1 cash flow per share (based on Wall Street consensus estimates).
 

-84-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 96/219

Table of Contents

The metrics for each of the precedent transactions are summarized as follows:

Precedent Transactions
 

Transaction   

AV / Proved
Reserves
($/ Boe)    

AV / Current
Production
($/ Boepd)    

AV / FY + 1
EBITDAX (x)   

P / FY + 1
Cash Flow Per

Share (x)  
Permian Basin         
Noble Energy, Inc. / Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. (2017)   $ 78.15   $ 271,599    29.6x    112.5x 
Encana Corporation / Athlon Energy Inc. (2014)   $ 40.91   $ 247,829    15.7x    13.8x 
SandRidge Energy Inc. / Arena Resources, Inc. (2010)   $ 23.11   $ 194,798    10.1x    10.3x 
Petrohawk Energy Corporation / Mission Resources Corporation

(2005)   $ 14.74   $ 48,985    5.5x    4.5x 
Cimarex Energy Co. / Magnum Hunter Resources (2005)   $ 13.22   $ 54,094    5.7x    4.4x 
Diversified         
Noble Energy, Inc. / Rosetta Resources, Inc. (2015)   $ 13.69   $ 58,750    8.7x    5.4x 
Statoil ASA / Brigham Exploration Company (2011)   $ 71.83   $ 285,625    14.7x    14.3x 
BHP Billiton Group / Petrohawk Energy Corp (2011)   $ 27.87   $ 114,395    10.7x    9.9x 
Denbury Resources Incorporated / Encore Acquisition Company

(2009)   $ 20.17   $ 98,414    10.5x    6.5x 

Based on the analysis of the relevant metrics for each of the precedent transactions, and upon the application of its professional judgment and
experience (which included the exclusion of outliers and weighting more heavily the precedent transactions which Morgan Stanley deemed most
comparable to the contemplated combination between Concho and RSP in the relevant metrics), Morgan Stanley selected a representative range of
financial multiples of the precedent transactions and applied this range of multiples to the relevant RSP and Concho statistics (based on Wall Street
consensus estimates for RSP and Concho EBITDAX and cash flow per share). Morgan Stanley calculated the following ranges of the implied per share
value of RSP common stock.
 

   RSP Statistic    Reference Range    

Implied Value
Per

Share Range for RSP  
Precedent Transactions       
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves (Boe)    376MMBoe     $20.00 – $30.00    $ 37.84 – $61.42 
Aggregate Value to Current Production (Boepd)    62Mboepd     $100,000 – $175,000    $ 29.79 – $59.12 
Aggregate Value to FY + 1 EBITDAX    $946MM     8.0x – 12.0x    $ 38.13 – $61.86 
Price to FY + 1 Cash Flow Per Share    $5.33/Sh     6.0x – 12.0x    $ 31.98 – $63.96 

Morgan Stanley calculated the following ranges of the implied per share value of Concho common stock.
 

   
Concho
Statistic    Reference Range    

Implied Value
Per

Share Range for Concho  
Precedent Transactions       
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves (Boe)    841MMBoe     $20.00 – $30.00    $ 99.17 – $155.55 
Aggregate Value to Current Production (Boepd)    211Mboepd     $100,000 – $175,000    $ 128.00 – $234.20 
Aggregate Value to FY + 1 EBITDAX    $2,290MM     8.0x – 12.0x    $ 106.58 – $168.02 
Price to FY + 1 Cash Flow Per Share    $14.20/Sh     6.0x – 12.0x    $ 85.20 – $170.40 

No company or transaction utilized in the precedent transaction analysis is identical to RSP, Concho or the merger. In evaluating the precedent
transactions, Morgan Stanley made judgments and assumptions with regard
 

-85-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 97/219

Table of Contents

to general business, market and financial conditions and other matters, which are beyond the control of RSP and Concho. These include, among other
things, the impact of competition on the business of RSP, Concho or the industry generally, industry growth and the absence of any adverse material
change in the financial condition of RSP, Concho, the industry or in the financial markets in general, which could affect the public trading value of the
companies and the aggregate value and equity value of the transactions to which they are being compared.

Net Asset Valuation Analysis

Morgan Stanley performed an illustrative net asset value analysis of RSP and Concho. Morgan Stanley calculated indications of the present value
of the after-tax future cash flows that RSP and Concho could be expected to generate from their respective existing proved developed producing
reserves, proved developed non-producing reserves and undeveloped resources as of April 1, 2018 using forecasts provided by Concho management
(including forecasts relating to RSP prepared by Concho management), and adjusted such value to take into account net debt, working capital and other
assets and liabilities as provided by the management of Concho. The present value of the future after-tax cash flows was determined using discount rates
ranging from 9% to 12% and assuming tax rates of 23%, which tax rate assumptions were provided by the management of Concho (based on the
estimated blended federal and state income tax rate using currently enacted tax rates).

At the direction of the management of Concho, Morgan Stanley conducted net asset valuation analyses for RSP and Concho based on two
different commodity price assumptions: strip pricing and Wall Street consensus pricing. Strip price assumptions were based on New York Mercantile
Exchange Strip Pricing as of March 19, 2018 (which we refer to as “NYMEX strip pricing”). NYMEX strip pricing was used until 2022, after which
gradual increases in oil and gas prices were assumed such that prices of $55.00 per barrel for oil and $3.00 per Mcf for gas were reached by 2024. Wall
Street consensus price assumptions were based on Bloomberg median consensus pricing as of March 19, 2018, which was used until 2020, after which
prices were held flat at 2020 levels (which we refer to, for purposes of this section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s
Financial Advisor,” as “Wall Street consensus pricing”). The commodity price assumptions were as follows:
 

   
Henry Hub Price Assumptions

($/Mcf)    
WTI Price Assumptions

($/Bbl)  
Year       Strip           Consensus           Strip           Consensus         
2018    2.79    3.00    60.99    60.00 
2019    2.80    3.00    57.01    60.00 
2020    2.76    3.05    53.99    61.50 
2021    2.80    3.05    52.10    61.50 
2022    2.85    3.05    51.19    61.50 
2023    2.95    3.05    53.00    61.50 
2024+    3.00    3.05    55.00    61.50 

Morgan Stanley calculated the net asset value of RSP by adding (i) the present value of the pre-tax cash flows generated by RSP’s proved
developed producing reserves, proved developed non-producing reserves and undeveloped resources, as estimated by the management of Concho, minus
(ii) the cash value of facilities capital expenses as estimated by the management of Concho, minus (iii) the book value of net debt, working capital and
other assets and liabilities, as provided by the management of Concho, minus (iv) the sum of the present values of general and administrative expenses,
taxes and existing hedges, as estimated by the management of Concho.

The analyses yielded the following ranges of implied per share values of RSP common stock:
 

   Strip    Consensus  
RSP (Net Asset Value per share)   $ 42.02 – $52.09   $ 58.42 – $70.93 

 
-86-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 98/219

Table of Contents

Morgan Stanley calculated the net asset value of Concho by adding (i) the present value of the pre-tax cash flows generated by Concho’s proved
developed producing reserves, proved developed non-producing reserves and undeveloped resources, as provided by the management of Concho, and
the value of Concho’s interest in Oryx Southern Delaware Holdings (based on Concho management estimate), minus (ii) the cash value of facilities
capital expenses as estimated by the management of Concho, minus (iii) debt, working capital and other assets and liabilities, as provided by the
management of Concho, minus (iv) the sum of the present values of general and administrative expenses, taxes and existing hedges, as provided by the
management of Concho.

The analyses yielded the following ranges of implied per share values of Concho common stock:
 

   Strip    Consensus  
Concho (Net Asset Value per share)   $ 133.58 – $165.33   $ 172.23 – $210.41 

Other Information

Historical Trading Prices

For reference purposes only, Morgan Stanley reviewed the historical trading ranges of RSP and Concho common stock for the period between
January 17, 2014 (the date of RSP’s initial public offering) and March 26, 2018. Morgan Stanley noted that, on March 26, 2018, the closing price of
RSP stock was $39.11 per share and the closing price of Concho stock was $157.22. Morgan Stanley noted that, for the period between January 17, 2014
and March 26, 2018, the low and high closing prices for RSP and Concho common stock were as follows:
 

   Low    High  
Company     
RSP   $18.29   $ 46.11 
Concho   $72.52   $161.66 

Morgan Stanley noted that, for the period between January 1, 2018 and March 26, 2018, the low and high closing prices for RSP and Concho
common stock were as follows:
 

   Low    High  
Company     
RSP   $ 33.44   $ 42.75 
Concho   $138.98   $161.66 

Morgan Stanley noted that the historical trading prices were presented for reference purposes only and were not relied upon for valuation
purposes.

Equity Research Valuation

RSP

Morgan Stanley reviewed sell-side analyst price targets per share of RSP common stock prepared and published by 29 equity research analysts
during the time period from February 28, 2018 to March 26, 2018. These targets generally reflect each analyst’s estimate of the 12-month future public
market trading price per share of RSP common stock and were not discounted to reflect present values. The range of undiscounted price targets for
shares of RSP common stock was $43.00 per share to $69.00 per share.

In order to better compare the price targets with the offer consideration, Morgan Stanley discounted such price targets to present value by
applying, for a one-year discount period, an illustrative discount rate of 11.8%, which was selected by Morgan Stanley based on RSP’s assumed cost of
equity of 11.8%. This analysis indicated an implied range of equity values for shares of RSP common stock of $38.46 per share to $53.67 per share, with
one outlier discounted broker target of $61.72.
 

-87-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 99/219

Table of Contents

The price targets published by equity research analysts do not necessarily reflect current market trading prices for shares of RSP common stock
and these estimates are subject to uncertainties, including the future financial performance of RSP and future financial market conditions.

Morgan Stanley noted that the equity research analysts’ price targets were presented for reference purposes only and were not relied upon for
valuation purposes.

Concho

Morgan Stanley reviewed sell-side analyst price targets per share of Concho common stock prepared and published by 27 equity research analysts
during the time period from February 20, 2018 to March 26, 2018. These targets generally reflect each analyst’s estimate of the 12-month future public
market trading price per share of Concho common stock and were not discounted to reflect present values. The range of undiscounted price targets for
shares of Concho common stock was $130.00 per share to $277.00 per share.

In order to better compare the price targets with the offer consideration, Morgan Stanley discounted such price targets to present value by
applying, for a one-year discount period, an illustrative discount rate of 9.8%, which was selected by Morgan Stanley based on Concho’s assumed cost
of equity of 9.8%. This analysis indicated an implied range of equity values for shares of Concho common stock of $118.35 per share to $199.37 per
share, with one outlier discounted broker target of $252.17.

The price targets published by equity research analysts do not necessarily reflect current market trading prices for shares of Concho common stock
and these estimates are subject to uncertainties, including the future financial performance of Concho and future financial market conditions.

Morgan Stanley noted that the equity research analysts’ price targets were presented for reference purposes only and were not relied upon for
valuation purposes.
 

-88-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 100/219

Table of Contents

Pro Forma Merger Analysis

Relative Contribution Analysis

Morgan Stanley compared the respective percentage ownership of RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders of the combined company to RSP’s
and Concho’s respective percentage contribution (and the implied ownership based on such contribution) to the combined company’s net acres (with
certain exclusions), net resource, proved reserves, current production, estimated 2018 and 2019 production, estimated 2018 and 2019 EBITDAX
(hedged and unhedged), estimated 2018 and 2019 operating cash flow, net asset valuation (strip pricing and consensus pricing), equity value and
aggregate value, based on estimates provided by Concho management (which included certain forecast data prepared by RSP) at Wall Street consensus
pricing. The implied ownership based on the respective percentage contributions was calculated on a leverage adjusted basis, which neutralizes the
impact of financial leverage and is calculated as the pro forma asset contributions multiplied by the pro forma combined aggregate value, less net debt,
preferred equity and minority interests. The following table summarizes Morgan Stanley’s analysis:
 
   Contribution    

PF Asset
Contribution   

Implied Equity
Contribution  

   Concho    RSP    Combined   Concho  RSP      Concho          RSP     
Net Acres, Resource and Proved Reserves            Leverage Adjusted  
Net Acres (000’s)    470    92    562    84%   16%   86%   14% 
Net Resources (BBoe)    10.0    2.8    12.8    78%   22%   80%   20% 
Proved Reserves (MMBoe)    841    376    1,216    69%   31%   70%   30% 
Production (Mboepd)            Leverage Adjusted  
Current    211    62    273    77%   23%   79%   21% 
2018E    225    76    301    75%   25%   76%   24% 
2019E    269    99    368    73%   27%   74%   26% 
EBITDAX ($MM)            Leverage Adjusted  
2018E    2,259    963    3,222    70%   30%   71%   29% 
2019E    2,867    1,270    4,138    69%   31%   70%   30% 
2018E (unhedged)    2,493    979    3,472    72%   28%   73%   27% 
2019E (unhedged)    3,037    1,285    4,322    70%   30%   71%   29% 
Operating Cash Flow ($MM)            
2018E    2,150    877    3,027    71%   29%   71%   29% 
2019E    2,759    1,186    3,945    70%   30%   70%   30% 
Net Asset Valuation ($MM)            
Strip Pricing    22,089    7,441    29,530    75%   25%   75%   25% 
Consensus Pricing    28,299    10,238    38,537    73%   27%   73%   27% 
Market Value ($MM)            
Equity Value    23,437    6,235    29,672    79%   21%   79%   21% 
Aggregate Value    25,867    7,722    33,589    77%   23%   77%   23% 

Mean Contribution (Excludes Market Value Metrics)    74%   26% 
Median Contribution (Excludes Market Value Metrics)    73%   27% 
 

-89-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 101/219

Table of Contents

Implied Exchange Ratios Analysis

Using the implied per share reference ranges for RSP and Concho indicated in the comparable companies analyses, precedent transactions analysis
and net asset valuation analysis of RSP and Concho described above, Morgan Stanley calculated ranges of implied exchange ratios of Concho common
stock to RSP common stock. This implied exchange ratio analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio reference ranges, as compared to the
stock consideration exchange ratio of 0.320x provided for in the merger agreement:
 

   Implied Exchange Ratio  
Public Trading Comparables   
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2018 EBITDAX    0.258x – 0.503x  
Aggregate Value to Estimated 2019 EBITDAX    0.263x – 0.568x  
Price to Estimated 2018 Cash Flow Per Share    0.250x – 0.564x  
Price to Estimated 2019 Cash Flow Per Share    0.228x – 0.705x  
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves    0.273x – 0.560x  
Aggregate Value to Current Production    0.183x – 0.325x  
Precedent Transactions   
Aggregate Value to Proved Reserves    0.243x – 0.619x  
Aggregate Value to Current Production    0.127x – 0.462x  
Aggregate Value to FY+1 EBITDAX    0.227x – 0.580x  
Price to FY+1 Cash Flow Per Share    0.188x – 0.751x  
Net Asset Valuation   
Strip Pricing    0.254x – 0.390x  
Consensus Pricing    0.278x – 0.412x  

For reference purposes only, using the implied per share reference ranges for RSP and Concho indicated in the historical trading prices and equity
research valuation targets of RSP and Concho described above, Morgan Stanley calculated ranges of implied exchange ratios of Concho common stock
to RSP common stock. This implied exchange ratio analysis indicated the following implied exchange ratio reference ranges, as compared to the stock
consideration exchange ratio of 0.320x provided for in the merger agreement:
 

   Implied Exchange Ratio  
Historical Trading Price   
January 17, 2014 through March 26, 2018    0.113x – 0.636x  
January 1, 2018 through March 26, 2018    0.207x – 0.308x  
Equity Research Valuation (excluding outliers)   
Present Value of One Year Price Targets    0.193x – 0.453x  

Morgan Stanley noted that the historical trading prices and equity research analysts’ price targets were presented for reference purposes only and
were not relied upon for valuation purposes.

Accretion / Dilution Analysis

Based on the projections and estimated pre-tax annual corporate level cash savings of $45 million, in each case as provided by Concho
management, Morgan Stanley performed a pro forma analysis of the financial impact of the merger on Concho’s estimated cash flow per share and cash
flow per debt adjusted share for year-end 2018 through 2020 and on Concho’s net asset value per share (which capitalizes post-tax synergies, assuming a
23% tax rate as provided by Concho management and a discount rate ranging from 9% to 12%) at consensus pricing and strip pricing. Based on this
analysis, the merger would be:
 

 
•  6.7%, 7.9% and 7.2% accretive to Concho’s estimated cash flow per share for years end 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, at Wall Street

consensus pricing.
 

-90-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 102/219

Table of Contents

 
•  6.0%, 7.7% and 8.8% accretive to Concho’s estimated cash flow per share for years end 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, at Wall Street

consensus estimates.
 

 
•  5.8%, 6.9% and 6.3% accretive to Concho’s estimated cash flow per debt adjusted share for years end 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, at

Wall Street consensus pricing.
 

 
•  5.3%, 6.8% and 7.8% accretive to Concho’s estimated cash flow per debt adjusted share for years end 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively, at

Wall Street consensus estimates.
 

 •  0.6% to 2.4% accretive to Concho’s NAV per share, using a range of discount rates of 9% to 12%.

General

In connection with the review of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby by the Concho board, Morgan Stanley
performed a variety of financial and comparative analyses for purposes of rendering its opinion. The preparation of a financial opinion is a complex
process and is not necessarily susceptible to a partial analysis or summary description. In arriving at its opinion, Morgan Stanley considered the results
of all of its analyses as a whole and did not attribute any particular weight to any analysis or factor that it considered. Morgan Stanley believes that
selecting any portion of its analyses, without considering all of the analyses as a whole, would create an incomplete view of the process underlying its
analyses and opinion. In addition, Morgan Stanley may have given various analyses and factors more or less weight than other analyses and factors, and
may have deemed various assumptions more or less probable than other assumptions. As a result, the ranges of valuations resulting from any particular
analysis described above should not be taken to be Morgan Stanley’s view of the actual value of RSP or Concho. In performing its analyses, Morgan
Stanley made numerous judgments and assumptions with regard to industry performance, general business, regulatory, economic, market and financial
conditions and other matters, many of which are beyond the control of RSP or Concho. These include, among other things, the impact of competition on
the business of RSP, Concho and the industry generally, industry growth, and the absence of any material adverse change in the financial condition and
prospects of RSP, Concho or the industry, or in the financial markets in general. Any estimates contained in Morgan Stanley’s analyses are not
necessarily indicative of future results or actual values, which may be significantly more or less favorable than those suggested by such estimates.

Morgan Stanley conducted the analyses described above solely as part of its analysis of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the
exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and in connection with the rendering of its oral opinion, subsequently confirmed by delivery of a
written opinion, dated March 27, 2018, to the Concho board. These analyses do not purport to be appraisals or to reflect the prices at which shares of
RSP’s common stock or shares of Concho’s common stock will trade following the consummation of the merger or at any time.

The exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement was determined by RSP and Concho through arm’s-length negotiations between RSP and
Concho and was approved by the Concho board. Morgan Stanley provided advice to Concho during these negotiations. Morgan Stanley did not,
however, recommend any specific exchange ratio to Concho or the Concho board or opine that any specific exchange ratio constituted the only
appropriate exchange ratio for the merger. Morgan Stanley’s opinion did not address the relative merits of the merger as compared to any other
alternative business transaction, or other alternatives, or whether or not such alternatives could be achieved or are available. In addition, Morgan
Stanley’s opinion was not intended to, and did not, in any manner, address the price at which the Concho common stock would trade following the
merger or at any time, and Morgan Stanley expressed no opinion or recommendation to any holder of shares of Concho common stock or RSP common
stock as to how such holder should vote at the Concho special meeting or the RSP special meeting, respectively, or whether to take any other action with
respect to the merger.

Morgan Stanley’s opinion and its presentation to the Concho board was one of many factors taken into consideration by the Concho board in
deciding to consider, approve and declare the advisability of the merger
 

-91-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 103/219

Table of Contents

agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and to recommend the approval of the Concho issuance proposal by the holders of Concho
common stock. Consequently, the analyses described above should not be viewed as determinative of the opinion of the Concho board with respect to
the exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement or of whether the Concho board would have been willing to agree to a different exchange ratio.

Morgan Stanley’s opinion was approved by a committee of Morgan Stanley investment banking and other professionals in accordance with
Morgan Stanley’s customary practice.

Morgan Stanley is a global financial services firm engaged in the securities, investment management and individual wealth management
businesses. Its securities business is engaged in securities underwriting, trading and brokerage activities, foreign exchange, commodities and derivatives
trading, prime brokerage, as well as providing investment banking, financing and financial advisory services. Morgan Stanley, its affiliates, directors and
officers may at any time invest on a principal basis or manage funds that invest, hold long or short positions, finance positions, and may trade or
otherwise structure and effect transactions, for their own account or the accounts of their customers, in debt or equity securities or loans of Concho, RSP
or any other company, or any currency or commodity, that may be involved in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or any related
derivative instrument.

Under the terms of its engagement letter, Morgan Stanley provided the Concho board with financial advisory services and a financial opinion
described in this section and attached as Annex B to this joint proxy statement/prospectus in connection with the merger, and Concho has agreed to pay
Morgan Stanley a fee for its services of $18 million, of which $2 million was payable upon the rendering of Morgan Stanley’s fairness opinion and the
remainder of which is contingent upon completion of the merger. Concho has also agreed to reimburse Morgan Stanley for its reasonable expenses,
including reasonable fees of outside counsel and other professional advisors, incurred in connection with its engagement. In addition, Concho has agreed
to indemnify Morgan Stanley and its affiliates, their respective officers, directors, employees and agents and each other person, if any, controlling
Morgan Stanley or any of its affiliates against certain liabilities and expenses, including certain liabilities under the federal securities laws, relating to or
arising out of Morgan Stanley’s engagement.

In the two years prior to the date of Morgan Stanley’s opinion, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have not provided financial advisory or financing
services to Concho or RSP for which Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have received any fees. In the two years prior to the date of Morgan Stanley’s
opinion, Morgan Stanley and its affiliates have provided financing services to The Capital Group Companies, Inc., a stockholder of Concho, for which
Morgan Stanley and its affiliate have received aggregate fees in connection with such services of less than $50,000. In addition, Morgan Stanley is
currently mandated on one financing assignment for The Capital Group Companies Inc., which is unrelated to the merger and would expect to receive
customary fees if such transaction is completed. Morgan Stanley is also currently a lender to The Capital Group Companies Inc. Morgan Stanley may
seek to provide financial advisory and financing services to RSP, Concho and their respective affiliates in the future and would expect to receive fees for
the rendering of those services.

Recommendation of the RSP Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger

By unanimous vote, the RSP board, at a meeting held on March 27, 2018, (i) declared the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated
thereby, including the merger, fair to, and in the best interests of, RSP and the RSP stockholders, (ii) approved and declared advisable the merger
agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, including the merger, and (iii) directed that the merger agreement be submitted to the RSP
stockholders for adoption at a meeting of such stockholders and recommended that the RSP stockholders vote in favor of the adoption of the merger
agreement. The RSP board unanimously recommends that RSP stockholders vote “FOR” the merger proposal and “FOR” the non-binding
compensation advisory proposal.
 

-92-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 104/219

Table of Contents

In evaluating the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the transaction documents (including the merger
agreement), the RSP board consulted with RSP’s senior management, outside legal counsel and financial advisors. In recommending that RSP
stockholders vote their shares of RSP common stock in favor of adoption of the merger agreement, the RSP board also considered a number of factors,
including the following factors (not necessarily in order of relative importance) which the RSP board viewed as being generally positive or favorable in
coming to its determination, approval and related recommendation:

The RSP board determined that entering into the merger agreement with Concho provided the best alternative for maximizing stockholder value
reasonably available to RSP, including when compared to continuing to operate on a stand-alone basis. In coming to this determination, the RSP board
analyzed a number of factors, including the following:
 

 
•  Attractive Value and Attractive Acquisition Currency. The aggregate value and nature of the consideration to be received in the merger by

RSP stockholders, including the fact that:
 

 

•  Based on the closing trading price of Concho common stock of $157.00 on March 27, 2018, the last trading day prior to public
announcement of the merger, the merger consideration represented an implied value of $50.24 per share of RSP common stock, a
premium of 29.1% to the $38.92 closing trading price of RSP common stock on March 27, 2018, and a premium of 27.8% to the
30-day volume weighted average trading price of RSP common stock prior to execution of the merger agreement; and

 

 
•  following the merger, RSP stockholders will also have the opportunity as stockholders to participate in the value of the combined

company, including the expected future growth, which the RSP board viewed as an important opportunity for RSP stockholders from
the perspective of maximizing long-term returns;

 

 
•  Benefits of a Combined Company. The belief of the RSP board that the company resulting from a merger of Concho and RSP would be well

positioned to achieve future growth and generate additional returns for RSP’s former stockholders, including due to:
 

 
•  the benefits associated with consolidating Concho and RSP’s acreage positions, including the potential operating synergies

associated with the following:
 

 •  combining exceptional technical teams with similar execution-focused cultures;
 

 •  realizing development efficiencies from large scale, multi-well projects and well design optimization;
 

 
•  shared facilities and infrastructure, including infrastructure optimization benefits through pad sites, production facilities, water

and roads;
 

 •  asset optimization through long-lateral conversion;
 

 •  a deeper opportunity set to trade and block-up core acreage;
 

 •  greater optionality to direct capital to high rate-of-return projects; and
 

 •  immediate knowledge transfer from adjacent technology projects;
 

 •  the quality and scale of the combined company’s assets and the complementary nature of the assets;
 

 
•  the fact that the combined company is expected to have an investment grade credit rating and significant liquidity, resulting in a

lower cost of debt capital than would be realized by RSP on a stand-alone basis;
 

 
•  other benefits that will potentially be available to the combined company due to the scale of its operations, which are expected to

include the largest development program in the Permian Basin;
 

-93-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 105/219

Table of Contents

 
•  the caliber of Concho’s executive management team, which is expected to continue as the executive management team of the

combined company; and
 

 
•  the quality and experience of the Concho board members, who are expected to remain on the combined company board, and the fact

that one board member from the current RSP board is expected to join the board of the combined company;
 

 •  Immediate Value Increase. The belief of the RSP board that the merger consideration will be immediately accretive to RSP stockholders; and
 

 
•  Continuation of Standalone RSP. The RSP board’s consideration of RSP’s business, prospects and other strategic opportunities, and the RSP

board’s belief that there are certain risks associated with continuing to operate as a stand-alone company, including:
 

 
•  the risk that it will become increasingly difficult for RSP to grow its production and reserves at the same pace as it has been able to

do so historically, given its increased size and the fact that many of the most attractive third party acquisition targets have already
been acquired by larger companies; and

 

 
•  the risk that, as the performance of Permian Basin producers becomes more dependent on the most efficient development of existing

resources and less dependent on the acquisition and discovery of new resources, RSP may become less competitive, on a relative
basis, compared with larger Permian Basin producers, due the scale-related advantages available to larger companies.

The RSP board also considered the following factors as being generally positive or favorable in making its determination, approval and related
recommendation:
 

 

•  Alternative Combination Transactions. The RSP board considered alternative transactions and, following review of such alternatives and
consultation with management and TPH, believed that it was unlikely that an alternative bidder could consummate a transaction that would
be on superior terms, and that would provide RSP stockholders more valuable consideration, than is being provided in connection with the
merger.

 

 

•  Opportunity to Receive Alternative Acquisition Proposals and to Terminate the Merger in Order to Accept a Superior Proposal. The RSP
board considered the terms of the merger agreement related to RSP’s ability to respond to unsolicited acquisition proposals and determined
that third parties would be unlikely to be deterred from making a competing proposal by the provisions of the merger agreement, including
because the RSP board may, under certain circumstances, furnish information or enter into discussions in connection with a competing
proposal. In this regard, the RSP board considered that:

 

 

•  subject to its compliance with the merger agreement, the RSP board can change its recommendation to RSP stockholders with
respect to the adoption of the merger agreement prior to the adoption of the merger agreement by the vote of its stockholders if it
determines in good faith (after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal advisors) that, with respect to a superior
proposal or an intervening event, the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with the RSP board’s fiduciary duties;

 

 
•  subject to its compliance with the merger agreement, the RSP board may terminate the merger agreement for a superior proposal;

and
 

 

•  while the merger agreement contains a termination fee of $250 million, representing approximately 3.1% of the transaction value at
signing, that RSP would be required to pay to Concho in certain circumstances, including if (i) Concho terminates the merger
agreement in connection with a change in the RSP board’s recommendation to stockholders with respect to adoption of the merger
agreement or if RSP violates its non-solicitation obligations under the merger agreement or (ii) if RSP terminates the merger
agreement in order to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to a superior proposal, the RSP board believed that this fee is
reasonable in

 
-94-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 106/219

Table of Contents

 
light of the circumstances and the overall terms of the merger agreement, consistent with fees in comparable transactions, and not
preclusive of other offers.

 

 

•  Post-Merger Corporate Governance. The RSP board considered that the merger agreement provides that the Concho board must take all
necessary corporate action to increase the size of the combined company’s board by one and to appoint one member of the RSP board
(determined to be independent by the Concho board and mutually agreed upon between RSP and Concho) as a director of the combined
company.

 

 
•  Tax Considerations. The RSP board considered that the merger and the post-closing merger, taken together, are intended to qualify for

federal income tax purposes as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code.
 

 

•  Receipt of Fairness Opinion and Presentation from TPH. The RSP board considered the financial analysis reviewed and discussed with
representatives of TPH, as well as the oral opinion of TPH rendered to the RSP board on March 27, 2018, which opinion was subsequently
confirmed by delivery of a written opinion dated March 27, 2018, to the effect that, based upon and subject to the limitations, qualifications
and assumptions set forth therein, as of the date of the opinion, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of eligible shares
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders, as more fully described below under the heading
“—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 96.

 

 

•  Terms of the Merger Agreement. The RSP board reviewed and considered that the terms of the merger agreement, taken as a whole,
including the parties’ representations, warranties and covenants, and the circumstances under which the merger agreement may be
terminated, in its belief, are reasonable. The RSP board also reviewed and considered the conditions to the completion of the merger, and
concluded that while the completion of the merger is subject to various regulatory approvals, such approvals were not likely to prevent the
completion of the merger.

The RSP board also considered a number of uncertainties, risks and factors it deemed generally negative or unfavorable in making its
determination, approval and related recommendation, including the following (not necessarily in order of relative importance):
 

 
•  Merger Consideration. The RSP board considered that, because the merger consideration is based on a fixed exchange ratio rather than a

fixed value, RSP stockholders bear the risk of a decrease in the trading price of Concho common stock during the pendency of the merger
and the fact that the merger agreement does not provide RSP with a value-based termination right.

 

 
•  Interim Operating Covenants. The RSP board considered the restrictions on the conduct of RSP’s and its subsidiaries’ businesses during the

period between the execution of the merger agreement and the completion of the merger as set forth in the merger agreement.
 

 

•  Risks Associated with the Pendency of the Merger. The risks and contingencies relating to the announcement and pendency of the merger
(including the likelihood of litigation or other opposition brought by or on behalf of RSP stockholders or Concho stockholders challenging
the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement) and the risks and costs to RSP if the completion of the merger
is not accomplished in a timely manner or if the merger does not close at all, including potential employee attrition, the impact on RSP’s
relationships with third parties and the effect termination of the merger agreement may have on the trading price of RSP common stock and
RSP’s operating results.

 

 

•  Concho Change of Recommendation; Concho Stockholder Vote. The RSP board considered the right of the Concho board to change its
recommendation to Concho stockholders in certain circumstances, subject to certain conditions. The RSP board also considered that, even if
the merger agreement is approved by RSP stockholders, Concho’s stockholders may not approve the Concho issuance proposal, which is a
condition of the merger.

 
-95-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 107/219

Table of Contents

 

•  Competing Proposals; Termination Fees; Expense Reimbursement. The RSP board considered the possibility that a third party may be
willing to enter into a strategic combination with RSP on terms more favorable than the merger. In connection therewith, the RSP board
considered the terms of the merger agreement relating to no shop covenants and termination fees, and the potential that such provisions
might deter alternative bidders that might have been willing to submit a superior proposal to RSP, particularly in light of the fact that RSP
had not broadly canvassed the market for interested counterparties prior to entering into the merger agreement. The RSP board also
considered that, under specified circumstances, RSP may be required to pay a termination fee or expenses in the event the merger agreement
is terminated and the effect this could have on RSP, including:

 

 
•  the possibility that the termination fee could discourage other potential parties from making a competing offer; although the RSP

board believed that the termination fee was reasonable in amount and would not unduly deter any other party that might be interested
in making a competing proposal;

 

 
•  if the merger is not consummated, RSP will pay its own expenses incident to preparing for and entering into and carrying out its

obligations under the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby; and
 

 
•  the requirement that if the merger agreement is terminated as a result of the failure to obtain approval of RSP stockholders, RSP

would be obligated to reimburse Concho for up to $50 million of its expenses in connection with the merger agreement.
 

 
•  Regulatory Approval. The RSP board considered that the merger and the related transactions require regulatory approval to complete such

transactions and the risk that the applicable governmental entities may seek to impose unfavorable terms or conditions, or otherwise fail to
grant, such approval.

 

 
•  Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers. The RSP board considered that RSP’s directors and executive officers may have interests

in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, those of RSP stockholders. For more information about such interests, see below
under the heading “—Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger” beginning on page 115.

 

 
•  Merger Costs. The costs associated with the completion of the merger, including management’s time and energy and potential opportunity

cost.
 

 
•  Other Risks. The RSP board considered risks of the type and nature described under the sections entitled “Risk Factors” and “Cautionary

Statements Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 41 and 51, respectively.

The RSP board believed that, overall, the potential benefits of the merger to RSP stockholders outweighed the risks and uncertainties of the
merger.

The foregoing discussion of factors considered by the RSP board is not intended to be exhaustive, but includes the material factors considered by
the RSP board. In light of the variety of factors considered in connection with its evaluation of the merger, the RSP board did not find it practicable to,
and did not, quantify or otherwise assign relative weights to the specific factors considered in reaching its determinations and recommendations.
Moreover, each member of the RSP board applied his or her own personal business judgment to the process and may have given different weight to
different factors. The RSP board did not undertake to make any specific determination as to whether any factor, or any particular aspect of any factor,
supported or did not support its ultimate determination. The RSP board based its recommendation on the totality of the information presented.

Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor

The RSP board retained TPH to act as its financial advisor and provide an opinion in connection with the merger. The RSP board instructed TPH
to evaluate the fairness, from a financial point of view, to the holders of eligible shares of the merger consideration to be received by such holders
pursuant to the merger agreement.
 

-96-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 108/219

Table of Contents

On March 27, 2018, at a meeting of the RSP board held to evaluate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, TPH rendered its oral
opinion, subsequently confirmed in writing, that, as of March 27, 2018 and based on and subject to the limitations, qualifications and assumptions set
forth in the opinion and based on other matters as TPH considered relevant, the merger consideration to be received by the holders of eligible shares
pursuant to the merger agreement was fair, from a financial point of view, to such holders.

The opinion speaks only as of the date and time it was rendered and not as of the time the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement may
be completed or any other time. The opinion does not reflect changes that may occur or may have occurred after its delivery, which could significantly
alter the value, facts or elements on which the opinion was based.

The full text of TPH’s written opinion, which describes, among other things, the assumptions made, procedures followed, factors
considered and qualifications and limitations on the review undertaken, is attached as Annex C to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is
incorporated by reference in its entirety. The summary of TPH’s opinion set forth in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of the opinion. RSP stockholders are urged to read the TPH opinion carefully and in its entirety. TPH
delivered its opinion for the information and assistance of the RSP board in connection with its evaluation of the merger. TPH’s opinion does
not constitute a recommendation to any stockholder as to how to vote or act in connection with the proposed merger or any related matter.

In connection with rendering its opinion, TPH reviewed, among other things:
 

 •  a draft of the merger agreement provided to TPH on March 27, 2018;
 

 
•  the most recently available annual report to stockholders and the Annual Report on Form 10-K of RSP for the year ended December 31,

2017;
 

 
•  the most recently available annual report to stockholders and the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Concho for the year ended December 31,

2017;
 

 •  certain interim reports to stockholders and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q of RSP and Concho;
 

 •  certain other communications from RSP and Concho to their respective stockholders;
 

 

•  (i) certain internal financial information and forecasts (and any commodity price updates thereto) for RSP prepared by management of RSP
and Concho prepared by the management of Concho, respectively and (ii) hydrocarbon resource and production data and forecasts for RSP
prepared by management of RSP, and hydrocarbon resource and production forecasts for Concho prepared by management of RSP based on
certain data provided by Concho (clauses (i) and (ii), collectively, the “forecasts”);

 

 •  certain publicly available research analyst reports with respect to the future financial performance of RSP and Concho; and
 

 

•  certain synergies projected by the management of RSP to result from the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, consisting of
(i) approximately $18 million per year in interest synergies, based on the assumed refinancing of RSP’s 6.625% Senior Notes due 2022 in
October 2018 at Concho’s average medium tenure rate and (ii) $35 million annualized savings in general and administrative expenses
(which we refer to, for purposes of this section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor,” as the “synergies”).

The forecasts prepared by management of RSP are more fully described under “The Merger—RSP Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information”
beginning on page 110. The forecasts prepared by management of Concho are more fully described under “The Merger—Concho Unaudited Forecasted
Financial Information” beginning on page 108. The forecasts prepared by management of Concho were based on commodity pricing assumptions as of
March 19, 2018. As further described below, TPH updated such commodity pricing
 

-97-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 109/219

Table of Contents

assumptions through March 23, 2018 for purposes of certain of its analyses as described in this section entitled “The Merger – Opinion of TPH, RSP’s
Financial Advisor.”

TPH also held discussions with members of the senior managements of RSP and Concho regarding their assessment of the strategic rationale for,
and the potential benefits of, the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and the past and current business operations, financial condition
and future prospects of their respective entities and of Merger Sub. In addition, TPH reviewed the reported price and trading activity for RSP common
stock and Concho common stock, compared certain financial and stock market information for RSP and Concho with similar information for certain
other companies the securities of which are publicly traded, reviewed the financial terms of certain recent business combinations in the oil and gas
exploration and production industry and performed such other studies and analyses, and considered such other factors, as TPH considered appropriate.

For purposes of its opinion, TPH assumed and relied upon, without assuming any responsibility for independent verification, the accuracy and
completeness of all of the financial, accounting, legal, tax and other information provided to, discussed with or reviewed by or for it, or publicly
available, including, without limitation, the assumed number of eligible shares and outstanding shares of Concho common stock immediately prior to
the effective time of the merger. In that regard, TPH assumed, with the RSP board’s consent, that the forecasts and synergies had been reasonably
prepared on a basis reflecting the best currently available estimates and judgments of RSP, and provided a reasonable basis upon which to evaluate the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement. TPH also assumed, with the RSP board’s consent, that (i) the executed merger agreement (together
with any exhibits and schedules thereto) would not differ in any respect material to its analyses or opinion from the draft it examined, referenced above,
(ii) the merger would be treated as a tax-free reorganization, pursuant to the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) all conditions to the consummation of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement would be obtained without amendment or waiver thereof or to any other term of the merger
agreement and (iv) all governmental, regulatory or other consents or approvals necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement would be obtained, in the case of each of the foregoing clauses (i)—(iv), without any adverse effect on RSP, Concho, Merger Sub, the
holders of RSP common stock or the expected benefits of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement in any way meaningful to TPH’s
analysis. In addition, TPH did not make an independent evaluation or appraisal of the assets and liabilities (including any contingent, derivative or
off-balance-sheet assets and liabilities) of RSP or any of its subsidiaries or Concho or any of its subsidiaries, and it was not furnished with any such
evaluation or appraisal. TPH’s opinion did not address any legal, regulatory, tax or accounting matters.

TPH’s opinion was necessarily based on economic, monetary, market and other conditions as in effect on, and the information made available to
TPH as of, March 27, 2018. TPH assumed no obligation to update, revise or reaffirm its opinion and expressly disclaimed any responsibility to do so
based on circumstances, developments or events that occur, or of which TPH becomes aware after the date its opinion was rendered.

The forecasts and synergies used by TPH in its analysis reflect certain assumptions regarding the oil and gas industry and future commodity prices
made by managements of RSP and Concho that were and are subject to significant uncertainty and volatility and that, if different than assumed, could
have a material impact on TPH’s analysis and its opinion.

The estimates contained in TPH’s analysis and the results from any particular analysis are not necessarily indicative of future results, which may
be significantly more or less favorable than suggested by any analysis. In addition, analyses relating to the value of businesses or assets neither purport
to be appraisals nor do they necessarily reflect the prices at which businesses or assets may actually be sold. Accordingly, TPH’s analysis and estimates
are inherently subject to substantial uncertainty.

In arriving at its opinion, TPH did not attribute any particular weight to any particular analysis or factor considered by it, but rather made
qualitative judgments as to the significance and relevance of each analysis and
 

-98-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 110/219

Table of Contents

factor. Several analytical methodologies were employed by TPH in its analyses, and no one single method of analysis should be regarded as critical to
the overall conclusion reached by TPH. Each analytical technique has inherent strengths and weaknesses, and the nature of the available information
may further affect the value of particular techniques. Accordingly, TPH believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting
portions of its analyses and of the factors considered by it, without considering all analyses and all factors in their entirety, could create a misleading or
incomplete view of the evaluation process underlying its opinion. The conclusion reached by TPH, therefore, is based on the application of TPH’s own
experience and judgment to all analyses and factors considered by it, taken as a whole. The issuance of TPH’s opinion was approved by its fairness
opinion committee.

TPH’s opinion addressed only the fairness, from a financial point of view, as of March 27, 2018, to the holders of eligible shares of the merger
consideration to be received by such holders pursuant to the merger agreement. TPH’s opinion did not address the underlying business decision of the
RSP board or any other party to engage in the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, or the relative merits of the transactions contemplated
by the merger agreement as compared to any other alternative transaction that might be available to RSP. TPH did not express any view on, and its
opinion did not address, any other term or aspect of the merger agreement or the transactions, including, without limitation, the fairness of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement to, or any consideration paid or received in connection therewith by, creditors or other constituencies
of RSP or Concho; nor as to the fairness of the amount or nature of any compensation to be paid or payable to any of the officers, directors or employees
of RSP or Concho, or any class of such persons, in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, whether relative to the
merger consideration pursuant to the merger agreement or otherwise. TPH did not express any opinion as to the price at which the shares of RSP
common stock or Concho common stock will trade at any time.

The data and analyses summarized in this joint proxy statement/prospectus are from TPH’s presentation to the RSP board delivered on March 27,
2018, which primarily used market closing prices as of March 26, 2018. The analyses summarized below include information presented in tabular
format. In order to fully understand the financial analyses performed, the tables must be considered together with the textual summary of the analyses.

Summary of TPH’s Analyses

Commodity Price Assumptions

The commodity price assumptions used by TPH in certain of its analyses are summarized below:

NYMEX strip pricing as of March 23, 2018:
 
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E+  
Oil ($/bbl)   $63.95   $59.33   $55.76   $53.49   $52.23 
Gas ($/MMbtu)   $ 2.83   $ 2.76   $ 2.75   $ 2.78   $ 2.82 

Wall Street consensus pricing:
 
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E+  
Oil ($/bbl)   $60.38   $60.00   $61.00   $61.00   $61.00 
Gas ($/MMbtu)   $ 3.00   $ 3.00   $ 3.01   $ 3.01   $ 3.01 

3-Year Historical Average (which we refer to as the “3-year average”):
 
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E+  
Oil ($/bbl)   $48.70   $48.70   $48.70   $48.70   $48.70 
Gas ($/MMbtu)   $ 2.72   $ 2.72   $ 2.72   $ 2.72   $ 2.72 
 

-99-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 111/219

Table of Contents

Certain Financial Metrics

For purposes of the analyses described below, the following terms have the following meanings:
 

 
•  “enterprise value” is calculated as the diluted equity value of a company, plus book value of net debt, any preferred equity and

non-controlling interests;
 

 •  “EBITDA” is calculated as net income plus income taxes, interest expense (less interest income), depreciation and amortization; and
 

 

•  “EBITDAX,” as used with respect to RSP, is calculated as oil and gas revenues, less lease operating expenses, production and ad valorem
taxes, cash hedging losses and general and administrative expenses (including stock based compensation). “EBITDAX,” as used with
respect to any other company described in the analyses below, is calculated as net income plus income taxes, interest expense (less interest
income), depreciation, depletion, amortization and exploration expenses.

Net Asset Value Analysis

TPH calculated the present value, as of January 1, 2018, of the future cash flows expected to be generated by each of RSP’s and Concho’s assets
through the end of their economic lives, based on the estimates reflected in the RSP resource forecast and the Concho resource forecast, respectively. In
performing this analysis, TPH applied discount rates to unlevered free cash flows ranging from, in the case of RSP, 9.0% to 11.0% and, in the case of
Concho, 7.5% to 9.5%, and, in each case, assuming a tax rate of 21%. The discount rates reflected estimates of each company’s weighted average cost of
capital.

TPH calculated estimates of the companies’ net asset values by adding (i) the present value of the cash flows generated by the estimated proved
reserves, unproved reserves and undeveloped hydrocarbon resources, plus (ii) with respect to Concho, a certain equity interest of Concho’s in midstream
facilities based on information provided by Concho management, plus (iii) the present value of future estimated effects of hedging, minus (iv) the
present value of future estimated effects of general and administrative expense and income taxes and minus (v) net debt (total debt less cash).

The net asset value analysis for RSP indicated implied reference ranges per share of RSP common stock of (i) $41.72 to $53.76 at NYMEX strip
pricing, (ii) $59.92 to $75.66 at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) $31.25 to $41.73 at the 3-year average. The net asset value analysis for Concho
indicated implied reference ranges per share of Concho common stock of (i) $161.67 to $214.12 at NYMEX strip pricing, (ii) $214.89 to $278.73 at
Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) $135.81 to $183.52 at the 3-Year Average.

TPH used the implied reference ranges above to calculate the following corresponding ranges of implied exchange ratios: (i) 0.195x to 0.333x at
NYMEX strip pricing, (ii) 0.215x to 0.352x at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) 0.170x to 0.307x at the 3-year average. TPH compared these
implied exchange ratio ranges to the 0.320 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and an exchange ratio of 0.249, which is based on the
respective closing prices of RSP common stock and Concho common stock as of March 26, 2018 (the last full trading day prior to the meeting of the
RSP board to consider, approve and declare the advisability of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby and to recommend the
adoption of the merger agreement by the stockholders of RSP).

Comparable Company Analysis

TPH reviewed and analyzed certain financial information including valuation multiples related to RSP, Concho and the selected comparable
companies (as defined below) with publicly traded equity securities deemed relevant based on those companies’ operations in the Permian Basin, among
other factors.
 

-100-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 112/219

Table of Contents

The financial information reviewed included:
 

 
•  enterprise value as a multiple of estimated 2018 and 2019 EBITDAX, based on median research consensus per FactSet (such median

research consensus we refer to, for the purposes of this section entitled “The Merger—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor,” as “Wall
Street consensus estimates”); and

 

 
•  enterprise value as a multiple of estimated 2018 and 2019 production (measured in barrels of oil equivalent per day), using Wall Street

consensus estimates.

The companies included in the analysis and their relevant financial metrics reviewed were as follows:
 

 
 

  

EV / 2018E
Production

($/boed)    

EV / 2019E
Production

($/boed)    
EV / 2018E
EBITDAX    

EV / 2019E
EBITDAX  

Centennial Resource Development, Inc.    90,024    63,311    8.4x    6.1x 
Callon Petroleum Company    101,219    76,770    7.8x    5.8x 
Energen Corp.    67,298    52,488    6.5x    5.1x 
Diamondback Energy, Inc.    138,105    106,495    10.6x    7.9x 
Jagged Peak Energy Inc.    92,838    67,044    7.0x    5.1x 
Laredo Petroleum, Inc.    44,199    39,033    4.9x    4.4x 
Matador Resources Company    82,438    67,944    8.4x    6.6x 
Parsley Energy, Inc.    104,182    75,568    8.9x    6.3x 
Pioneer Natural Resources Company    98,825    88,546    9.6x    8.2x 

The preceding companies are referred to in this discussion as the “selected comparable companies.” No selected company or group of companies
is identical to RSP or Concho. Accordingly, TPH believes that purely quantitative analyses are not, in isolation, determinative in the context of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and that qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and operating
characteristics and prospects of RSP, Concho and the comparable companies that could affect the public trading values of each also are relevant.

Based on the ranges observed among the selected comparable companies and upon application of its professional judgment and experience
(including with respect to the operational and financial characteristics of RSP and Concho in light of, and relative to, the selected comparable
companies), TPH applied selected multiple ranges to the applicable RSP and Concho financial and production metrics to derive implied RSP and
Concho enterprise values at Wall Street consensus estimates and using the applicable forecasts at NYMEX strip pricing, Wall Street consensus pricing
and 3-year average price decks. TPH then subtracted each company’s net debt from such enterprise values to derive implied share prices for each of RSP
and Concho. The multiples applied to the metrics of RSP ranged from (i) $95,000 boe/d to $130,000 boe/d for 2018E production, (ii) $75,000 boe/d to
$100,000 boe/d for 2019E production, (iii) 7.75x to 10.25x for 2018E EBITDAX, and (iv) 5.75x to 8.00x for 2019E EBITDAX. The multiples applied
to the metrics of Concho ranged from (i) $90,000 boe/d to $120,000 boe/d for 2018E production, (ii) $80,000 boe/d to $95,000 boe/d for 2019E
production, (iii) 9.00x to 11.50x for 2018E EBITDAX, and (iv) 7.50x to 9.50x for 2019E EBITDAX.

TPH’s application of such ranges of multiples indicated implied reference ranges per share of RSP common stock of (i) $34.82 to $53.54 at Wall
Street consensus estimates, (ii) $35.84 to $55.49 using the RSP financial forecast at NYMEX strip pricing, (iii) $35.93 to $54.53 using the financial
forecasts provided by RSP management at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iv) $27.26 to $57.32 using the financial forecasts provided by RSP
management at the 3-year average. TPH’s application of such ranges of multiples indicated implied reference ranges per share of Concho common stock
of (i) $122.82 to $169.61 at Wall Street consensus estimates, (ii) $120.49 to $165.68 using the financial forecasts provided by Concho management at
NYMEX strip pricing, (iii) $120.49 to $166.93 using the financial forecasts provided by Concho management at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iv)
$108.26 to $165.68 using the Concho financial forecast at the 3-year average.
 

-101-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 113/219

Table of Contents

TPH used the implied reference ranges above to calculate the following corresponding ranges of implied exchange ratios: (i) 0.205x to 0.436x at
Wall Street consensus estimates, (ii) 0.216x to 0.461x using the forecasts at NYMEX strip pricing, (iii) 0.215x to 0.453x using the forecasts at Wall
Street consensus pricing, and (iv) 0.165x to 0.529x using the forecasts at the 3-year average. TPH compared these implied exchange ratio ranges to the
0.320 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and an exchange ratio of 0.249, which is based on the respective closing prices of RSP common
stock and Concho common stock as of March 26, 2018.

Selected Transaction Analysis

TPH reviewed and analyzed certain financial information including valuation multiples related to selected comparable transactions (as defined
below) in the oil and gas exploration and production industry involving (i) U.S. public companies with transaction values of over $1 billion occurring
since 2009 and (ii) private companies and/or asset sales in the Permian Basin with transaction values of over $100 million since 2016.

The financial information reviewed for the public company transactions included:
 

 •  transaction value as a multiple of estimated proved reserves;
 

 •  transaction value as a multiple of estimated production; and
 

 •  transaction value as a multiple of EBITDAX.

The information reviewed for the Permian Basin private company/asset transactions included transaction value per adjusted net acre.

The transactions included in this analysis were as follows:

Public Company Transactions
 

 •  Rice Energy Inc./EQT Corporation (2017)
 

 •  Clayton Williams Energy, Inc./Noble Energy, Inc. (2017)
 

 •  Memorial Resource Development Corp./Range Resources Corporation (2016)
 

 •  Rosetta Resources, Inc./Noble Energy, Inc. (2015)
 

 •  Athlon Energy Inc./Encana Corporation (2014)
 

 •  Kodiak Oil & Gas Corp./Whiting Petroleum Corporation (2014)
 

 •  Aurora Oil & Gas Limited/Baytex Energy Corp. (2014)
 

 •  Berry Petroleum Company, LLC/LINN Energy, Inc. (2013)
 

 •  Plains Exploration & Production Company/Freeport-McMoRan Copper & Gold Inc. (2012)
 

 •  Brigham Exploration Company/Statoil ASA (2011)
 

 •  Petrohawk Energy Corporation/BHP Billiton Petroleum (North America) Inc. (2011)
 

 •  Atlas Energy, Inc./Chevron Corporation (2010)
 

 •  Mariner Energy, Inc./Apache Corporation (2010)
 

 •  Arena Resources, Inc./SandRidge Energy, Inc. (2010)
 

 •  XTO Energy Inc./Exxon Mobil Corporation (2009)
 

 •  Encore Acquisition Company/Denbury Resources Inc. (2009)

Private Company and/or Asset Transactions
 

 •  Oasis Petroleum Inc./Forge Energy, LLC (2017)
 

-102-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 114/219

Table of Contents

 •  QEP Resources, Inc./JM Cox Resources, L.P. (2017)
 

 •  Carrizo Oil & Gas, Inc./ExL Petroleum Management, LLC (2017)
 

 •  Occidental Petroleum Corporation/Hess Corporation (2017)
 

 •  Concho Resources Inc./Occidental Petroleum Corporation (2017)
 

 •  Centennial Resource Development, Inc./GMT Exploration Company LLC (2017)
 

 •  Marathon Oil Corporation/Black Mountain Oil and Gas, LLC (2017)
 

 •  Marathon Oil Corporation/BC Operating, Inc. (2017)
 

 •  Resolute Energy Corporation/CP Exploration II, LLC; PetroCap Partners II, L.P. (2017)
 

 •  Matador Resources Company/Undisclosed Seller (2017)
 

 •  Parsley Energy, Inc./ Double Eagle Energy Permian LLC (2017)
 

 •  Halcón Resources Corporation/Samson Exploration LLC (2017)
 

 •  ExxonMobil Corporation/BOPCO, L.P. (2017)
 

 •  Noble Energy, Inc./Clayton Williams Energy, Inc. (2017)
 

 •  WPX Energy, Inc./Carrier Energy Partners, LLC; Panther Energy Company II, LLC (2017)
 

 •  Parsley Energy, Inc./Apache Corporation (2017)
 

 •  KLR Energy Acquisition Corp./Tema Oil and Gas Co. (2016)
 

 •  Diamondback Energy, Inc./Brigham Resources Operating, LLC and Brigham Resources Midstream, LLC (2016)
 

 •  Callon Petroleum Company/American Resource Development LLC (2016)
 

 •  Noble Energy, Inc./Manti Tarka Permian, LP (2016)
 

 •  Centennial Resource Development, Inc./Silverback Exploration, LLC (2016)
 

 •  Concho/Endurance Resources (2016)
 

 •  Occidental Petroleum Corporation/J Cleo Thompson (2016)
 

 •  SM Energy Company/QStar, LLC; RRP-QStar, LLC (2016)
 

 •  RSP/Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC and Silver Hill E&P II, LLC (2016)
 

 •  Resolute Energy Corporation/Firewheel Energy, LLC (2016)
 

 •  EOG Resources, Inc./Yates Petroleum Corporation (2016)
 

 •  PDC Energy, Inc./Kimmeridge Energy Management Company, LLC (2016)
 

 •  Concho Resources Inc./Reliance Energy, Inc. (2016)
 

 •  SM Energy Company/Rock Oil Holdings LLC (2016)
 

 •  Diamondback Energy, Inc./Luxe Energy LLC (2016)
 

 •  Silver Run Acquisition Corporation/Centennial Resource Production, LLC (2016)
 

 •  QEP Resources, Inc./RK Petroleum Corp.; Individual Sellers (2016)
 

 •  Undisclosed/Energen Corp. (2016)
 

 •  Parsley Energy, Inc./Undisclosed Seller (2016)
 

-103-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 115/219

Table of Contents

 •  Silver Hill Energy Partners II, LLC /Concho Resources Inc. (2016)
 

 •  Concho/Undisclosed Seller (2016)

The preceding transactions are referred to in this discussion as the “selected comparable transactions.” No selected transactions were identical or
entirely comparable to the merger. Accordingly, TPH believes that purely quantitative analyses are not, in isolation, determinative in the context of the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and that qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and operating
characteristics and prospects of RSP and Concho and the selected precedent transactions that could affect the values are also relevant. TPH considered
certain financial metrics derived from such selected comparable transactions, however, TPH did not derive or apply any selected comparable transaction
reference ranges in its selected transaction analysis.

Among the public company transactions reviewed, TPH observed median values of (i) $16.59/boe transaction value/proved reserves and
$20.43/boe transaction value/proved reserves for transactions in which the consideration was 100% equity and greater than 50% equity, respectively, (ii)
$84,718/boe/d transaction value/production and $95,411/boe/d transaction value/production for transactions in which the consideration was 100% equity
and greater than 50% equity, respectively, and (iii) 6.8x FY-1/FY-2 transaction value/EBITDAX and 8.9x/7.1x for FY1/FY-2 transaction
value/EBITDAX for transactions in which the consideration was 100% equity and greater than 50% equity, respectively. TPH then compared those
observed median values for each of transaction value/proved reserves, transaction value/production and transaction value/EBITDAX to the
corresponding values of $25.25/boe transaction value/proved reserves, $152,110/boe/d transaction value/production, and 10.0x/7.8x FY-1/FY-2
transaction value/EBITDAX for RSP, in each case based on a RSP transaction value of $9,492 million (based on Concho market price as of March 26,
2018).

Among the Permian Basin private company/asset transactions reviewed, TPH observed median transaction value per adjusted net acre (assuming
$30,000 boe/d for current production) of $30,943. TPH compared this observed median value to an RSP transaction value per adjusted net acre of
$80,827 in the transaction.

Discounted Cash Flow Analyses

TPH calculated the present value, as of January 1, 2018, of the standalone unlevered cash flows expected to be generated by each of RSP and
Concho, based on the estimates reflected in the financial forecasts provided by each of RSP management and Concho management, respectively, and, in
the case of Concho, accounting for a certain equity interest of Concho’s in midstream facilities based on information provided by Concho management.
In performing its analysis, TPH applied unlevered discount rates ranging from, in the case of RSP, 9.0% to 11.0% and, in the case of Concho, 7.5% to
9.5% to each company’s (i) estimated unlevered free cash flow based on a mid-year convention for discounting and (ii) estimated terminal value at the
end of 2021 based on estimated 2022 EBITDAX as discussed below. The discount rates reflected estimates of each company’s weighted average cost of
capital.
 

-104-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 116/219

Table of Contents

In conducting its discounted cash flow analyses, TPH utilized the following unlevered free cash flows (defined as EBITDAX less capital
expenditures) for fiscal years 2018 through 2022 based on the estimates reflected in the financial forecasts provided by each of RSP management and
Concho management, respectively:
 
RSP ($ in millions)              
   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  

   

NYMEX Strip
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $   122  $   267  $   203  $   144  $   301 

   

Wall Street consensus pricing
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $ 83  $ 288  $ 386  $ 460  $ 745 

   

3-Year average
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $ (115)  $ 29  $ (33)  $ (55)  $ 121 

Concho ($ in millions)                 
   2018E   2019E   2020E   2021E   2022E  

   

NYMEX Strip
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $ 221  $ 311  $ 390  $ 264  $ 359 

   

Wall Street consensus pricing
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $ 202  $ 369  $ 802  $ 959  $1,307 

   

3-Year average
  

Unlevered Free Cash Flows   $ 59  $ (37)  $ (85)  $ (154)  $ (30) 

TPH calculated the companies’ terminal values by applying EBITDAX multiples ranging from, in the case of RSP, 6.00x to 8.00x, and in the case
of Concho, 7.25x to 9.25x. TPH applied such ranges to each of RSP’s and Concho’s estimated 2022 EBITDAX, as set forth in the financial forecasts
provided by each of RSP management and Concho management, respectively, to determine their respective terminal values. The ranges of estimated
free cash flow and terminal values were then discounted to present values as of January 1, 2018 using the range of discount rates referred to above. The
resulting enterprise values were then adjusted by subtracting RSP’s and Concho’s respective net debt to calculate a range of equity values for each
company.

The discounted cash flow analysis for RSP indicated implied reference ranges per share of RSP common stock of (i) $46.36 to $69.07 at NYMEX
strip pricing, (ii) $59.51 to $87.14 at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) $37.20 to $57.83 at the 3-year average. The discounted cash flow analysis
for Concho indicated implied reference ranges per share of Concho common stock of (i) $144.39 to $201.07 at NYMEX strip pricing, (ii) $182.21 to
$251.18 at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) $123.65 to $175.11 at the 3-year average.

TPH used the implied reference ranges above to calculate the corresponding ranges of implied exchange ratios: (i) 0.231x to 0.478x at NYMEX
strip pricing, (ii) 0.237x to 0.478x at Wall Street consensus pricing, and (iii) 0.212x to 0.468x at the 3-year average. TPH compared these implied
exchange ratio ranges to the 0.320 exchange ratio pursuant to the merger agreement and an exchange ratio of 0.249, which is based on the respective
closing prices of RSP common stock and Concho common stock as of March 26, 2018.

Summary of Supplemental Reference Data

In addition to conducting the analyses described above, TPH reviewed the following data, which were used for reference purposes only and were
not used in TPH’s determination of the fairness, from a financial point of view, of the merger consideration to be received by the holders of eligible
shares pursuant to the merger agreement.
 

-105-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 117/219

Table of Contents

EBITDAX, Cash Flow and Production Relative Contribution

TPH compared the respective percentage ownership of RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders of the combined company to RSP’s and
Concho’s respective percentage contribution (and the implied ownership and the implied exchange ratio based on such contribution), without giving
effect to the synergies, to the combined company’s estimated operating cash flow, production, and EBITDAX, in each case, for calendar year 2018 and
2019, as well as contribution based on closing share prices as of March 26, 2018. Enterprise values for unlevered metrics (production and EBITDAX)
were calculated using blended multiples, with net debt subtracted to derive equity values. These comparisons implied (i) RSP equity ownership
percentage of the combined company of 21% and Concho 79% based on share price; (ii) RSP equity ownership percentages ranging from 23% to 30%
and Concho equity ownership percentages ranging from 77% to 70% using the forecasts at NYMEX strip pricing and (iii) RSP equity ownership
percentages ranging from 23% to 30% and Concho equity ownership percentages ranging from 77% to 70% using Wall Street consensus estimates.

Further, these comparisons implied exchange ratios of (i) 0.249x based on share price, (ii) 0.286x to 0.405x using the forecasts at NYMEX strip
pricing and (iii) 0.279x to 0.400x using Wall Street consensus estimates.

Contribution comparisons of this type are necessarily limited because they do not take into account differences in certain financial and operational
characteristics (e.g., market capitalization, credit profile and expected growth rates) between RSP and Concho. Accordingly, TPH believes that
qualitative judgments concerning differences between the financial and operating characteristics and prospects of RSP and Concho are also relevant.

Illustrative Discounted Future Value

TPH calculated an illustrative implied present value of the future value of RSP’s share price on a standalone basis and the combined company pro
forma for the merger using the financial forecasts provided by each of RSP management and Concho management at NYMEX strip pricing. For RSP’s
share price on a standalone basis, TPH calculated implied per share values at year-end 2019, 2020 and 2021 by applying multiples ranging from 6.0x to
8.0x to projected EBITDAX and subtracting RSP’s net debt, then discounting to present value using an illustrative equity discount rate of 11.6%,
reflecting an estimate of RSP’s cost of equity. For the combined company pro forma for the merger, TPH calculated implied per share values as of the
same dates by applying multiples ranging from 7.25x to 9.25x to projected pro forma EBITDAX including synergies and subtracting pro forma net debt,
then discounting to present value using an illustrative equity discount rate of 9.3%, reflecting an estimate of the combined company’s cost of equity. On
a standalone basis, these calculations indicated a range of implied present values of $38.74 to $63.55 per RSP common share, and pro forma for the
merger these calculations indicated a range of implied present values of $43.56 to $65.36 per share.

Precedent Premiums Paid

TPH compared the premiums per share paid by an acquirer company (in each case as compared to the share price of the target company one day
prior to the announcement of a transaction) in 16 selected U.S. upstream corporate transactions since 2004 with a transaction value of over $1 billion
and involving consideration consisting of 50% or greater equity which are referred to in this discussion as the “precedent premiums paid transactions.”
While certain of the precedent premiums paid transactions selected did overlap with the “selected comparable transactions” described above, they were
not all the same because the parameters that TPH used to select the precedent premiums paid transactions were different than the parameters that TPH
used to select the selected comparable transactions. TPH observed that (i) with respect to all such transactions considered, the median premium paid was
22%, and (ii) with respect to transactions involving 100% stock consideration, the median premium paid was 19%. These observed premiums were then
compared to the premium to be paid with respect to the proposed merger of 29%.
 

-106-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 118/219

Table of Contents

General

TPH and its affiliates, including Perella Weinberg Partners, as part of their investment banking business, are regularly engaged in performing
financial analyses with respect to businesses and their securities in connection with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, competitive
biddings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and other transactions as well as for estate, corporate and other
purposes.

TPH and its affiliates also engage in securities trading and brokerage activities, private equity activities, investment management activities, equity
research and other financial services, and in the ordinary course of these activities, TPH and its affiliates may from time to time acquire, hold or sell, for
their own accounts and for the accounts of their customers, (i) equity, debt and other securities (including derivative securities) and financial instruments
(including bank loans and other obligations) of RSP, Concho, any of the other parties to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and any
of their respective affiliates and (ii) any currency or commodity that may be involved in the transactions and the other matters otherwise contemplated
by the merger agreement.

In addition, TPH and its affiliates and certain of its and their employees, including members of the team performing services in connection with
the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, as well as certain private equity and investment management funds associated or affiliated with
TPH in which they may have financial interests, may from time to time acquire, hold or make direct or indirect investments in or otherwise finance a
wide variety of companies, including the parties to the merger agreement, other prospective counterparties and their respective affiliates.

TPH is an internationally recognized investment banking firm that is regularly engaged in the valuation of businesses and securities in connection
with mergers and acquisitions, negotiated underwritings, secondary distributions of listed and unlisted securities, private placements and valuations for
corporate and other purposes. The RSP board selected TPH to act as its financial advisor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement on the basis of TPH’s experience in transactions similar to the transactions described in the merger agreement, its reputation in the investment
community and its familiarity with RSP and its business.

The description set forth above constitutes a summary of the analyses employed and factors considered by TPH in rendering its opinion to the
RSP board. TPH believes that its analyses must be considered as a whole and that selecting portions of its analyses, without considering all analyses and
factors, could create an incomplete view of the process underlying its opinion. The preparation of a fairness opinion is a complex, analytical process
involving various determinations as to the most appropriate and relevant methods of financial analysis and the application of those methods to the
particular circumstances and is not necessarily susceptible to partial analysis or summary description.

No company or transaction used in TPH’s analyses summarized above is identical or directly comparable to RSP, Concho or the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement. Accordingly, these analyses must take into account differences in the financial and operating characteristics of
the selected publicly traded companies and differences in the structure and timing of the selected transactions and other factors that would affect the
public trading value and acquisition value of the companies considered.

TPH acted as financial advisor to RSP in connection with, and participated in certain negotiations leading to, the transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement. Pursuant to the terms of its engagement, upon the RSP board’s request to TPH to deliver its opinion (regardless of the conclusion
reached therein), TPH became entitled to receive a fee from RSP of $2 million, which will be credited against the transaction fee payable to TPH upon
the consummation of the merger equal to 0.25% of the aggregate consideration payable (without duplication) in the merger. In addition, RSP has agreed
to reimburse TPH for its reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the engagement, including the reasonable and
documented fees and expenses of its legal counsel. RSP also agreed to indemnify TPH, its affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers,
partners, advisors, consultants, agents or employees for certain liabilities related to or arising out of its rendering of services under its engagement or to
contribute to payments TPH may be required to make in respect of these liabilities. During the last two years, TPH has provided certain underwriting
services
 

-107-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 119/219

Table of Contents

to RSP from time to time for which TPH has received, and may receive, compensation. During the two year period ended March 27, 2018, TPH has
received compensation for such underwriting services provided to RSP of $2.1 million. During the last two years, TPH has provided financial advisory
and/or underwriting services to Concho from time to time for which TPH has received, and may receive, compensation, including having acted as
underwriter with respect to Concho in certain capital markets offerings and as financial advisor to Concho with respect to certain asset sales in Reeves
County, Texas. During the two year period ended March 27, 2018, TPH has received compensation for financial advisory and/or underwriting services
provided to Concho of $3.1 million. TPH may provide investment banking or other financial services to RSP, Concho or any of the other parties to the
merger agreement or their respective stockholders, affiliates or portfolio companies in the future and in connection with such future investment banking
or other financial services, TPH may receive compensation.

Concho Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

Concho does not, as a matter of course, publicly disclose long-term projections as to future revenues, earnings or other results due to, among other
reasons, the uncertainty, unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, certain non-public financial forecasts
covering multiple years which were prepared by Concho management and not for public disclosure, were provided to the Concho board and RSP in
connection with their evaluations of the merger and to TPH, RSP’s financial advisor, and Morgan Stanley, Concho’s financial advisor, for their use in
advising their respective clients and reliance in connection with their separate financial analyses and opinions as described in the sections entitled “The
Merger—Opinion of Morgan Stanley, Concho’s Financial Advisor” and “The Merger—Opinion of TPH, RSP’s Financial Advisor” beginning on page 80
and 96, respectively.

A summary of certain of those financial forecasts is not being included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus to influence your decision whether
to vote for or against the Concho issuance proposal and/or the merger proposal, but is being included because they were made available to the Concho
board, Concho’s financial advisor and RSP and its financial advisor. The Concho forecasted financial information was prepared by and is the
responsibility of Concho management.

The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as an indication that the Concho board, Concho (or any of its affiliates, officers, directors,
advisors or other representatives) or any other person considered, or now considers, the Concho forecasted financial information to be necessarily
predictive of actual future events or results of Concho’s operations and should not be relied upon as such. Concho management’s internal financial
forecasts, upon which the Concho forecasted financial information was based, are subjective in many respects. There can be no assurance that the
Concho forecasted financial information will be realized or that actual results will not be significantly higher or lower than forecasted. The Concho
forecasted financial information covers multiple years and such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. As a result,
the inclusion of the Concho forecasted financial information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be relied on as necessarily predictive of
actual future events.

In addition, the Concho forecasted financial information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure or toward complying with GAAP
and the use of non-GAAP measures or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for preparation and
presentation of forecasted financial information. Neither Grant Thornton, Concho’s independent registered public accounting firm, nor any other
independent accountants, have audited, compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the Concho forecasted financial information
contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its
achievability.

The Concho forecasted financial information was based on numerous variables and assumptions that were deemed to be reasonable as of the
respective dates when such projections were finalized. However, such assumptions are inherently uncertain and difficult or impossible to predict or
estimate and most of them are
 

-108-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 120/219

Table of Contents

beyond Concho’s control. Assumptions that were used by Concho in developing the Concho forecasted financial information include, but are not limited
to: no unannounced acquisitions; no balance sheet optimization; normal weather in the forward-looking periods; ongoing investments in Concho’s
existing entities for maintenance, integrity and other capital expenditures; and no material fluctuations in interest rate assumptions over the forward-
looking periods. The Concho forecasted financial information also reflects assumptions regarding the continuing nature of certain business decisions
that, in reality, would be subject to change.

Important factors that may affect actual results and cause the Concho forecasted financial information not to be achieved include, but are not
limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to Concho’s business (including its ability to achieve strategic goals, objectives and targets), industry
performance, the legal and regulatory environment, general business and economic conditions and other factors described in this joint proxy/statement
prospectus or described or referenced in Concho’s filings with the SEC, including Concho’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2017, subsequent quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K. This information constitutes “forward-looking
statements” and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected. For more information, see the section entitled “Cautionary
Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” beginning on page 51. In addition, the Concho forecasted financial information reflects assumptions
that are subject to change and do not reflect revised prospects for Concho’s business, changes in general business or economic conditions, or any other
transaction or event that has occurred or that may occur and that was not anticipated at the time the Concho forecasted financial information was
prepared.

The Concho forecasted financial information was developed through Concho’s customary strategic planning and budgeting process utilizing
reasonable available estimates and judgments at the time of its preparation. The Concho forecasted financial information was developed on a standalone
basis without giving effect to the merger, and therefore the Concho forecasted financial information does not give effect to the merger or any changes to
Concho’s operations or strategy that may be implemented after the effective time of the merger if the merger is completed, including potential cost
synergies to be realized as a result of the merger, or to any costs incurred in connection with the merger. Furthermore, the Concho forecasted financial
information does not take into account the effect of any failure of the merger to be completed and should not be viewed as accurate or continuing in that
context.

Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Concho forecasted financial information will be realized or that Concho’s future financial results
will not vary materially from the Concho forecasted financial information. None of Concho, RSP nor any of their respective affiliates, officers, directors,
advisors or other representatives can give any assurance that actual results will not differ from the Concho forecasted financial information, and none of
Concho, RSP, nor any of their respective affiliates undertakes any obligation to update or otherwise revise or reconcile the Concho forecasted financial
information to reflect circumstances existing or developments and events occurring after the date of the Concho forecasted financial information or that
may occur in the future, even in the event that any or all of the assumptions underlying the Concho forecasted financial information are not realized.
Concho does not intend to make available publicly any update or other revision to the Concho forecasted financial information, except as otherwise
required by applicable law. None of Concho nor any of its affiliates, officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made or makes any
representation to any Concho or RSP stockholder or any other person regarding the ultimate performance of Concho compared to the information
contained in the Concho forecasted financial information or that the Concho forecasted financial information will be achieved.

In light of the foregoing factors and the uncertainties inherent in the Concho forecasted financial information, Concho and RSP stockholders are
cautioned not to place undue, if any, reliance on the information presented in this summary of the Concho forecasted financial information.
 

-109-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 121/219

Table of Contents

Summary of Concho Forecasted Financial Information

The selected unaudited forecasted financial data were prepared utilizing the following NYMEX strip pricing assumptions with respect to future
commodity prices for crude oil and natural gas as of March 19, 2018:
 

   2018    2019    2020  
Crude Oil (WTI) ($/Bbl)    60.99    57.01    53.99 
Natural Gas (Henry Hub) ($/MMbtu)    2.79    2.80    2.76 

The following table presents selected unaudited forecasted financial data for the fiscal years ending 2018 through 2020 based on the above
referenced assumptions.
 

($ in millions, other than operating data)             
   2018    2019    2020  
EBITDAX    2,274    2,737    3,317 
Operating Cash Flow    2,165    2,628    3,209 
Total Capital Expenditures    2,073    2,495    3,052 
Production (Mboe/d)    225.1    268.9    329.1 

In addition, Concho provided Morgan Stanley, its financial advisor, with updated financial and operating forecasts, adjusted to reflect the
following Wall Street consensus pricing as of March 19, 2018:
 

   2018    2019    2020  
Crude Oil (WTI) ($/Bbl)    60.00    60.00    61.50 
Natural Gas (Henry Hub) ($/MMbtu)    3.00    3.00    3.05 

The following table presents selected unaudited forecasted financial data for the fiscal years ending 2018 through 2020 based on the above Wall
Street consensus pricing.
 

($ in millions, other than operating data)             
   2018    2019    2020  
EBITDAX    2,259    2,867    3,912 
Operating Cash Flow    2,150    2,759    3,804 
Total Capital Expenditures    2,073    2,495    3,052 
Production (Mboe/d)    225.1    268.9    329.1 

The selected unaudited forecasted financial numbers shown in the tables above are not measures that have a standardized meaning prescribed by
GAAP and may not be comparable with similar measures presented by other issuers. For purposes of the unaudited forecasted financial information
presented above, EBITDAX is defined as earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and exploration expenses. Operating Cash Flow is
defined as EBITDAX less interest expense.

CONCHO DOES NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE ABOVE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING
FORECASTS TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF
FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING SUCH UNAUDITED FINANCIAL
AND OPERATING FORECASTS ARE NO LONGER APPROPRIATE, EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

RSP Unaudited Forecasted Financial Information

RSP does not as a matter of course make public long-term forecasts or internal projections as to future performance, revenues, production,
earnings or other results due to, among other reasons, the uncertainty,
 

-110-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 122/219

Table of Contents

unpredictability and subjectivity of the underlying assumptions and estimates. However, in connection with its evaluation of the merger, RSP’s
management prepared certain non-public unaudited internal financial forecasts with respect to RSP for the years 2018 through 2022 for RSP on a
standalone basis, which were based upon the internal financial model that RSP has historically used in connection with strategic planning, and which
were provided to the RSP board and the Concho board, as well as RSP’s and Concho’s respective financial advisors, in connection with their evaluation
of the proposed merger. The inclusion of this information should not be regarded as an indication that any of RSP or its advisors or other representatives
or any other recipient of this information considered, or now considers, it to be necessarily predictive of actual future performance or events, or that it
should be construed as financial guidance, and such summary projections set forth below should not be relied on as such. The RSP forecasted financial
information was prepared by and is the responsibility of RSP management.

This information was prepared solely for internal use and is subjective in many respects. While presented with numeric specificity, the unaudited
prospective financial and operating information reflects numerous estimates and assumptions that are inherently uncertain and may be beyond the
control of RSP’s management, including, among others, RSP’s future results, oil and gas industry activity, commodity prices, demand for crude oil and
natural gas, the availability of financing to fund the exploration and development costs associated with the respective projected drilling programs,
takeaway capacity and the availability of services in the areas in which RSP operates, general economic and regulatory conditions and other matters
described in the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements,” “Where You Can Find More Information,” and “Risk
Factors,” beginning on pages 51, 201 and 41, respectively. The unaudited prospective financial and operating information reflects both assumptions as
to certain business decisions that are subject to change and, in many respects, subjective judgment, and thus is susceptible to multiple interpretations and
periodic revisions based on actual experience and business developments. RSP can give no assurance that the unaudited prospective financial and
operating information and the underlying estimates and assumptions will be realized. In addition, since the unaudited prospective financial and operating
information covers multiple years, such information by its nature becomes less predictive with each successive year. This information constitutes
“forward-looking statements” and actual results may differ materially and adversely from those projected. Actual results may differ materially from
those set forth below, and important factors that may affect actual results and cause the unaudited prospective financial and operating information to be
inaccurate include, but are not limited to, risks and uncertainties relating to its business, industry performance, the regulatory environment, general
business and economic conditions and other matters described under the section of this joint proxy statement/prospectus titled “Risk Factors.” See also
“Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Where You Can Find More Information.”

The unaudited prospective financial and operating information was not prepared with a view toward public disclosure, nor was it prepared with a
view toward compliance with GAAP, published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public
Accountants for preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. Neither RSP’s independent registered public accounting firm, nor any
other independent accountants, have compiled, examined or performed any procedures with respect to the unaudited prospective financial and operating
information contained herein, nor have they expressed any opinion or any other form of assurance on such information or its achievability. The report of
the independent registered public accounting firm to RSP contained in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, which is
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus, relates to historical financial information of RSP, and such report does not extend to
the projections included below and should not be read to do so.

Furthermore, the unaudited prospective financial and operating information does not take into account any circumstances or events occurring after
the date it was prepared. RSP can give no assurance that, had the unaudited prospective financial and operating information been prepared either as of
the date of the merger agreement or as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, similar estimates and assumptions would be used. Except as
required by applicable securities laws, RSP does not intend to, and disclaims any obligation to,
 

-111-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 123/219

Table of Contents

make publicly available any update or other revision to the unaudited prospective financial and operating information to reflect circumstances existing
since its preparation or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, even in the event that any or all of the underlying assumptions are shown to be
in error, including with respect to the accounting treatment of the merger under GAAP, or to reflect changes in general economic or industry conditions.
The unaudited prospective financial and operating information does not take into account all the possible financial and other effects on RSP of the
merger, the effect on RSP of any business or strategic decision or action that has been or will be taken as a result of the merger agreement having been
executed, or the effect of any business or strategic decisions or actions which would likely have been taken if the merger agreement had not been
executed, but which were instead altered, accelerated, postponed or not taken in anticipation of the merger. Further, the unaudited prospective financial
and operating information does not take into account the effect on RSP of any possible failure of the merger to occur. None of RSP or its affiliates,
officers, directors, advisors or other representatives has made, makes or is authorized in the future to make any representation to any RSP stockholder or
Concho stockholder or other person regarding RSP’s ultimate performance compared to the information contained in the unaudited prospective financial
and operating information or that the forecasted results will be achieved. The inclusion of the unaudited prospective financial and operating information
herein should not be deemed an admission or representation by RSP or its advisors or any other person that it is viewed as material information of RSP,
particularly in light of the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with such forecasts. The summary of the unaudited prospective financial and
operating information included below is not being included to influence your decision whether to vote in favor of the merger, the share issuance or any
other proposal to be considered at the special meetings, but is being provided solely because it was made available to the RSP board, the Concho board,
and RSP’s and Concho’s respective financial advisors in connection with the merger.

In light of the foregoing, and considering that the special meetings will be held several months after the unaudited prospective financial and
operating information was prepared, as well as the uncertainties inherent in any forecasted information, RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders are
cautioned not to place undue reliance on such information, and RSP urges all RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders to review RSP’s most recent
SEC filings for a description of RSP’s reported financial results. See the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page
201.

RSP’s Assumptions.    In preparing the prospective financial and operating information for RSP described below, the management team of RSP
used the following price assumptions, which are based on both NYMEX oil and gas strip pricing and Wall Street consensus pricing as of March 23,
2018:
 
   NYMEX  
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Commodity Prices           
Oil ($/bbl)   $63.95   $59.33   $55.76   $53.49   $52.23 
Gas ($/MMbtu)   $ 2.83   $ 2.76   $ 2.75   $ 2.78   $ 2.82 
 
   Wall Street consensus pricing  
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
Commodity Prices           
Oil ($/bbl)   $60.38   $60.00   $61.00   $61.00   $61.00 
Gas ($/mmbtu)   $ 3.00   $ 3.00   $ 3.01   $ 3.01   $ 3.01 

In addition to the assumptions with respect to commodity prices, the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information is based on
various other assumptions, including, but not limited to, the following principal assumptions: no unannounced acquisitions; refinancing of RSP’s
6.625% Senior Notes due 2022 with expected availability under RSP’s existing revolving credit facility; incremental step-change improvements in lease
operating costs on a per unit basis on the acquired leaseholds of Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC and Silver Hill E&P II, LLC in the Delaware Basin as
a result of ongoing infrastructure and operating improvements;
 

-112-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 124/219

Table of Contents

incremental increases in general and administrative expenses associated with additional headcount to accommodate continuing increases in operating
levels; normal weather in the forward-looking periods; ongoing investments in infrastructure in RSP’s existing entities at historical levels to maintain
development pace; and no material fluctuations in interest rate assumptions over the forward-looking periods. The RSP unaudited forecasted financial
and operating information also reflects assumptions regarding the continuing nature of ordinary course operations that may be subject to change.

RSP Management Projections for RSP.    The following table presents select unaudited forecasted financial and operating information of RSP for
the fiscal years ending 2018 through 2022 prepared by RSP’s management and provided to the RSP board and RSP’s financial advisors, which is
referred to as the “RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information.” As described above, the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and
operating information is based on commodity pricing assumptions as of March 23, 2018. A version of such unaudited forecasted financial and operating
information of RSP utilizing commodity pricing assumptions as of March 19, 2018, was also provided to the Concho board and Concho’s management.
 
   2018E    2019E    2020E    2021E    2022E  
($ in millions, except per share amounts)                     
NYMEX Oil and Gas Strip Pricing           
Production (Mboe/d)    76    99    126    156    190 
EBITDAX(a)   $1,007   $1,250   $1,494   $1,753   $2,100 
Capex   $ 885   $ 983   $1,291   $1,609   $1,799 
Wall Street consensus pricing           
Production (Mboe/d)    76    99    126    156    190 
EBITDAX   $ 968   $1,270   $1,677   $2,070   $2,554 
Capex   $ 885   $ 983   $1,291   $1,609   $1,799 
 
(a) EBITDAX, which is calculated as oil and gas revenues, less lease operating expenses, production and ad valorem taxes, cash hedging losses and

general and administrative expenses (including stock based compensation), is a non-GAAP financial measure as it excludes amounts included in
net earnings, the most directly comparable measure calculated in accordance with GAAP. This measure should not be considered as an alternative
to net earnings or other measures derived in accordance with GAAP.

(b) The estimates and assumptions underlying the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information are inherently uncertain and, though
considered reasonable by the management of RSP as of the date of the preparation of such unaudited forecasted financial and operating
information, are subject to a wide variety of significant business, economic, regulatory and competitive risks and uncertainties that could cause
actual results to differ materially from those contained in the unaudited forecasted financial and operating information, including, among other
things, the matters described in the sections entitled “Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” and “Risk Factors”
beginning on pages 51 and 41, respectively. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the forecasted results are indicative of the future
performance of RSP, or that actual results will not differ materially from those presented in the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating
information. Inclusion of the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus should not be
regarded as a representation by any person that the results contained in the RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information will be
achieved.

(c) The RSP unaudited forecasted financial and operating information is not included in this joint proxy statement/prospectus in order to induce any
stockholder to vote in favor of any of the proposals at the Concho special meeting or the RSP special meeting.

RSP DOES NOT INTEND TO UPDATE OR OTHERWISE REVISE THE ABOVE UNAUDITED FINANCIAL AND OPERATING
FORECASTS TO REFLECT CIRCUMSTANCES EXISTING AFTER THE DATE WHEN MADE OR TO REFLECT THE OCCURRENCE OF
FUTURE EVENTS, EVEN IN THE EVENT THAT ANY OR ALL OF THE ASSUMPTIONS UNDERLYING SUCH UNAUDITED FINANCIAL
 

-113-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 125/219

Table of Contents

AND OPERATING FORECASTS ARE NO LONGER APPROPRIATE, EXCEPT AS MAY BE REQUIRED BY APPLICABLE LAW.

Regulatory Approvals

The completion of the merger is subject to the receipt of antitrust clearance in the United States. Under the HSR Act and the rules promulgated
thereunder, the merger may not be completed until notification and report forms have been filed with the FTC and the DOJ, and the applicable waiting
period (or any extensions of such waiting period) has expired or been terminated. For additional information regarding regulatory approvals in
connection with the merger, see the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification” beginning on page 150.

On April 27, 2018, Concho and RSP received notice of the early termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act.

Neither Concho nor RSP is aware of any material governmental approvals or actions that are required for completion of the merger other than as
described above. It is presently contemplated that if any such additional material governmental approvals or actions are required, those approvals or
actions will be sought.

Interests of Concho Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the Concho board with respect to the Concho issuance proposal, Concho stockholders should be aware that
the executive officers and directors of Concho have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition to, the interests of Concho
stockholders generally. These interests include, but are not limited to:
 

 •  Steven L. Beal, a member of the Concho board, is the beneficial owner of 79,427 shares of RSP common stock.
 

 •  Tucker S. Bridwell, a member of the Concho board, is the beneficial owner of 60,000 shares of RSP common stock.
 

 

•  Jack F. Harper, the President and Chief Financial Officer of Concho, and members of his family together wholly own Hedloc Investment
Company, LP. (which we refer to as “Hedloc”). Mr. Harper’s wife holds a 34.5% interest in Davis Partners, Ltd., an entity controlled by her
family (which we refer to as “Davis”). Each of Hedloc and Davis have engaged in business transactions with RSP in the last year for the sale
or lease of certain oil and gas interests to RSP. Pursuant to these transactions, Hedloc and Davis received $172,908.87 and $614,498.80,
respectively, in net revenue from RSP in 2017. Separately, Mr. Harper’s wife has received payments directly from RSP relating to oil and
gas interests totaling $200,236.39 in the last year.

None of Concho’s directors or executive officers is a party to, or participates in any, Concho plan, program, or arrangement that provides such
director or executive officer with any kind of compensation that is based on or otherwise relates to the completion of the merger. The Concho board after
the merger will include each of the current directors from the Concho board as of the effective time (other than as publicly announced by Concho in the
ordinary course), in addition to one director from the current RSP board.

The members of the Concho board were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger
agreement, in approving the merger agreement and in determining to recommend that Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal.

Board of Directors and Management of Concho Following Completion of the Merger

Under the terms of the merger agreement, Concho has agreed to take all necessary corporate action so that upon and after the effective time of the
merger, the size of the Concho board is increased by one member, and
 

-114-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 126/219

Table of Contents

prior to the completion of the merger, one member of the RSP board determined to be independent by the Concho board and to be mutually agreed
between RSP and Concho is appointed to the Concho board to fill the vacancy on the Concho board created by such increase. Concho, through the
Concho board, has agreed to take all necessary action to nominate such new director for election to the Concho board in the proxy statement relating to
the first annual meeting of the stockholders of Concho following the completion of the merger.

On May 17, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement and in accordance with the Concho certificate of incorporation and Concho
bylaws, the Concho board increased the size of the Concho board by one member (which we refer to as the “board size increase”). In addition, the
Concho board appointed Steven Gray, the current Chief Executive Officer of RSP, who had been unanimously recommended by the RSP board, to fill
the vacancy created by the board size increase. Mr. Gray will serve as Class III director of Concho until the next annual meeting of stockholders of
Concho in which Class III directors are elected. Both the board size increase and appointment of Mr. Gray to the Concho board are effective as of, and
contingent upon the occurrence of, the effective time of the merger.

The Concho board has determined that, upon his appointment, Mr. Gray will be an independent director under Section 303A.02 of the New York
Stock Exchange Listed Company Manual and Rule 10A-3 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. There are no understandings or arrangements
between Mr. Gray and any other person pursuant to which Mr. Gray was elected to serve as a director of the Concho board. There are no relationships
between Mr. Gray and Concho or any of its subsidiaries that would require disclosure pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. The compensation
arrangements and any committee appointments with respect to the appointment of Mr. Gray will be determined by the Concho board prior to the
effective time of the merger.

Upon completion of the merger, the current directors and executive officers of Concho are expected to continue in their current positions, other
than as may be publicly announced by Concho in the normal course.

Interests of RSP Directors and Executive Officers in the Merger

In considering the recommendation of the RSP board with respect to the merger proposal and the non-binding compensation advisory proposal,
RSP stockholders should be aware that the executive officers and directors of RSP have interests in the merger that may be different from, or in addition
to, the interests of RSP stockholders generally.

These interests include, but are not limited to, the treatment in the merger of outstanding awards of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP
performance-based restricted stock, potential benefits upon a qualifying termination of employment in connection with the merger and rights to ongoing
indemnification and insurance coverage. These interests are described in more detail below, and certain of them are quantified in the narrative and
tabular disclosure included in the section entitled “The Merger—Merger Related Compensation” beginning on page 118. The members of the RSP board
were aware of and considered these interests, among other matters, in evaluating and negotiating the merger agreement, in approving the merger
agreement and in determining to recommend that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal.

Treatment of RSP Equity Awards

RSP Time-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of shares of RSP time-based restricted stock granted under the RSP
stock plan will automatically vest in full and any forfeiture restrictions applicable to such shares of RSP time-based restricted stock will lapse
immediately. As a result, each share of RSP time-based restricted stock will be treated as a share of RSP common stock for purposes of the merger,
including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.
 

-115-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 127/219

Table of Contents

RSP Performance-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of RSP performance-based restricted stock granted under the RSP
stock plan will be deemed to have satisfied any continued service or time-based vesting requirements and have the applicable performance period end.
RSP’s performance with respect to the performance goals applicable to such shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock will be calculated based
on actual performance through the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the compensation committee of the RSP board, in order to
determine the number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock that will vest, and any forfeiture requirements applicable to such earned
performance-based restricted stock will lapse immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. As a result, each share of earned performance-based
restricted stock will be treated as a share of RSP common stock for purposes of the merger, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less
applicable taxes required to be withheld. The number of shares subject to outstanding awards of RSP performance-based restricted stock are based on
the assumption that the maximum performance level will be achieved, and, hence, are designed to vest and become earned with respect to a number of
shares within the range of 0-100% of such maximum number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock granted to the executive officers. The
RSP board will not be able to calculate actual performance until immediately prior to the completion of the merger. Therefore, at the time of this filing,
it is unknown how many shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock could be earned by any executive officer. However, for purposes of this joint
proxy statement/prospectus, we have assumed that the maximum number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock will become vested.
 

-116-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 128/219

Table of Contents

Quantification of Value of Accelerated RSP Time-Based and Performance-Based Restricted Stock

The following table sets forth, for each member of the RSP board and each executive officer of RSP, (1) the number of shares of RSP time-based
restricted stock and, for each executive officer of RSP, the number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock held by such individual as of the
date of this filing and (2) the estimated value of the accelerated vesting of those shares (on a pre-tax basis) as a result of the merger. Such amounts have
been calculated assuming that (x) the closing price of a share of RSP common stock on the completion of the merger is $45.87 (which itself is calculated
by multiplying the number of shares of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock that will be accelerated by $45.87,
determined by multiplying the exchange ratio by $143.35, the average closing price of a share of Concho common stock over the first five business days
following the first public announcement of the merger, (y) the maximum number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock vest upon
completion of the merger and (z) the merger is completed on August 1, 2018. Depending upon when the merger is completed, certain awards that are
outstanding as of the date hereof and included in the table below may vest pursuant to their terms, independent of the merger. The actual value of the
acceleration of the shares of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock cannot be determined with any certainty until
the actual acceleration occurs.
 

   

Number of Shares
of RSP Time-Based
Restricted Stock to
be Accelerated (#)    

Number of Shares
of RSP

Performance-Based
Restricted Stock to
be Accelerated (#)    

Value of
Accelerated

Shares of RSP
Restricted Stock

($)  
Executive Name       
Steven Gray    159,466    476,604    29,176,531 
Scott McNeill    71,076    218,981    13,304,915 
Zane Arrott    65,806    203,997    12,375,864 
William Huck    56,823    168,260    10,324,557 
James Mutrie    44,811    131,549    8,089,633 
Erik Daugbjerg    49,804    134,295    8,444,621 
Director Name       
Michael Grimm    8,095    N/A    371,318 
Joseph B. Armes    5,343    N/A    245,083 
Kenneth V. Huseman    5,343    N/A    245,083 
Matthew S. Ramsey    5,343    N/A    245,083 
Michael W. Wallace    5,343    N/A    245,083 

Executive Officer Severance Arrangements

RSP does not maintain employment agreements with its executive officers. However, RSP maintains the RSP Executive Change in Control and
Severance Plan (which we refer to as the “RSP severance plan”) in which its executive officers are eligible to participate. The RSP severance plan also
provides certain “double trigger” payments and benefits, meaning that the payments or other benefits become due only if the executive officer’s
employment is terminated without cause or by the executive for good reason (which we refer to as a “qualifying termination”) within two years after the
occurrence of a change of control, which includes the merger.

The payments and benefits due to an executive officer under the RSP severance plan upon a qualifying termination following a change in control
are: (i) accrued but unpaid salary, earned but unpaid performance bonus for a completed fiscal year prior to the date of termination, reimbursement of
eligible expenses incurred through the date of termination, and any employee benefits to which the executive officer may be entitled pursuant to the
terms governing such benefits; (ii) a pro rata performance bonus for the calendar year of termination, payable in a lump sum as soon as administratively
feasible following preparation of the unaudited financial statements for the applicable calendar year, but in no event later than March 15 of the calendar
year to which the performance bonus relates; (iii) a lump sum amount equal to three (3) times (for Mr. Gray), or two and one half (2.5) times in the case
of all other executives, the sum of the officer’s base salary plus the greater of the
 

-117-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 129/219

Table of Contents

officer’s average performance bonus for the two calendar years preceding the date of termination and the target performance bonus for the year in which
the date of termination occurs, payable within 60 days following executive officer’s date of termination; and (iv) continuation of medical and dental
benefits (if elected by the executive) for 36 months (for Mr. Gray), or 30 months for all other executives, following the date of termination, with the full
cost of such continuation coverage being reimbursed to the executive officer on a monthly basis. If so required by the administrator of the RSP
severance plan, the payments and benefits set forth in (ii)—(iv) will be contingent on the executive officer’s execution of a release of claims in favor of
RSP.

For purposes of the RSP severance plan, the term “cause” generally means a determination made by 2/3rds of the RSP board that an executive
officer (i) has been convicted of a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude or a felony, (ii) has engaged in grossly negligent or willful misconduct in the
performance of his duties for RSP (other than due to the executive officer’s incapacity due to physical or mental illness), which actions have had a
material detrimental effect on RSP and which actions continued for a period of thirty (30) days after a written notice of demand for performance has
been delivered to the executive officer specifying the manner in which the executive officer has failed to perform, (iii) has engaged in conduct which is
materially injurious to RSP (including, without limitation, misuse or misappropriation of RSP’s funds or other property) or (iv) has committed an act of
fraud.

Additionally, under the RSP severance plan, the term “good reason” generally means, without the express written consent of the executive officer,
the occurrence of one of the following arising on or after the date such executive officer commences participation in the RSP severance plan: (i) a
material reduction in the executive officer’s base compensation, (ii) a material diminution in the executive officer’s authority, duties or responsibilities,
(iii) a permanent relocation in the geographic location at which the executive officer must perform services to a location more than 50 miles from the
location at which the executive officer normally performed services immediately before the relocation, (iv) a material reduction in the authority, duties,
or responsibilities of the person to whom the executive officer reports, or (v) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by RSP of its
obligations under the RSP severance plan.

For an estimate of the value of the payments and benefits described above that would be payable to the RSP’s named executive officers under the
RSP severance plan upon a qualifying termination in connection with the merger, see the section entitled “Merger Related Compensation—Golden
Parachute Compensation” below.

Possible New Agreements with RSP Executive Officers

Subsequent to the execution of the merger agreement, there have been discussions between Concho and certain of the RSP executive officers
regarding post-closing retention and transition matters. In connection with these discussions, Concho may enter into new agreements with certain RSP
executive officers to be effective after the closing of the merger. However, at this time there is no assurance that any discussions between the parties will
result in any new agreements with Concho or, if so, what the terms and conditions of any such agreements would be.

Merger-Related Compensation

This section sets forth the information required by Item 402(t) of Regulation S-K regarding the compensation of each of RSP’s named executive
officers, that is based on or otherwise relates to the merger and that will or may become payable to the named executive officers at the completion of the
merger or on a qualifying termination of employment upon or following the consummation of the merger. This compensation is referred to as “golden
parachute” compensation by the applicable SEC disclosure rules, and in this section we use such term to describe the merger-related compensation
payable to the RSP named executive officers. The “golden parachute” compensation payable to these individuals is subject to a non-binding advisory
vote of RSP stockholders. The “named executive officers” are the individuals listed as such in RSP’s most recent annual proxy statement.
 

-118-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 130/219

Table of Contents

The table below sets forth, for the purposes of this golden parachute disclosure, the amount of payments and benefits (on a pre-tax basis) that each
of RSP’s named executive officers would receive using the following assumptions: (i) the completion of the merger occurs on August 1, 2018, (ii) each
named executive officer experiences a qualifying termination at such time, (iii) the named executive officer’s base salary rate and annual target bonus
remain unchanged from that in effect as of the date of this filing, (iv) shares of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted
stock outstanding as of the date hereof do not otherwise vest prior to the completion of the merger, (v) the closing price of a share of RSP common stock
on the completion of the merger is $45.87 (which itself is calculated by multiplying the exchange ratio by $143.35, the average closing price of a share
of Concho common stock over the first five business days following the first public announcement of the merger, (vi) the maximum number of shares of
RSP performance-based restricted stock vest; (vii) no named executive officers receive any additional equity grants prior to completion of the merger
and (viii) each named executive officer has properly executed any required releases and complied with all requirements (including any applicable
restrictive covenants) necessary in order to receive the payments and benefits. Some of the assumptions used in the table below are based upon
information not currently available and, as a result, the actual amounts to be received by any of the individuals below may materially differ from the
amounts set forth below.

Golden Parachute Compensation
 

   
Cash
($)(1)    

Equity
($)(2)    

Benefits
($)(3)    

Total
($)  

Steven Gray    6,508,438    29,176,531    49,056    35,734,025 
Scott McNeill    2,968,873    13,304,915    61,014    16,334,802 
Zane Arrott    2,837,346    12,375,864    61,014    15,274,224 
William Huck    2,623,102    10,324,557    61,014    13,008,673 
James Mutrie    2,270,198    8,089,633    41,292    10,401,123 
Erik Daugbjerg    2,305,156    8,444,621    61,014    10,810,791 

 
(1) The amount shown for each named executive officer consists of: (a) a lump sum cash severance equal to three times (for Mr. Gray), or two and a

half times (for the other named executive officers), the sum of (i) the named executive officer’s base salary and (ii) the greater of the named
executive officer’s average performance bonus for the two calendar years preceding the date of termination and the target performance bonus for
the year in which the date of termination occurs and (b) a pro rata portion of the named executive officer’s performance bonus for the 2018
calendar year, in each case, payable pursuant to the RSP severance plan and set forth in more detail below this footnote. The severance payment
and the 2018 pro rata bonus payment are both considered to be double-trigger payments, which means that both a change in control, such as the
merger, and a qualifying termination of employment must occur prior to any payment being provided to the named executive officer.

 

   

Cash
Severance

($)    

Pro-Rata
2018 Bonus

($)    
Total

($)  
Steven Gray    5,916,000    592,438    6,508,438 
Scott McNeill    2,698,500    270,373    2,968,873 
Zane Arrott    2,575,250    262,096    2,837,346 
William Huck    2,400,938    222,164    2,623,102 
James Mutrie    2,079,688    190,510    2,270,198 
Erik Daugbjerg    2,110,000    195,156    2,305,156 

 
(2) The amounts shown in this column reflect the maximum potential value of the acceleration of outstanding RSP time-based restricted stock and

RSP performance-based restricted stock awards that each named executive officer could receive in connection with the merger. The amount of
awards deemed to be held by each named executive officer has been disclosed within the tables above under the heading “Quantification

 
-119-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 131/219

Table of Contents

 
of Value of Accelerated RSP Time-Based and Performance-Based Restricted Stock.” These amounts are all considered to be single-trigger benefits
because they will vest solely upon a change in control.

(3) The amounts shown in this column reflect the value of medical and dental benefit continuation, as provided under the RSP severance plan for a
period of 36 months (for Mr. Gray) and a period of 30 months (for the other named executive officers). Along with the severance and bonus
payments noted in the first column, these payments would be considered double-trigger benefits.

Indemnification and Insurance

Concho and the surviving corporation have agreed to, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each person who is now, or has
been at any time prior to March 27, 2018 or who becomes prior to the effective time of the merger, a director or officer of RSP or any of its subsidiaries
or who acts as a fiduciary under any employee benefit plan sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by RSP, in each case, when acting in such capacity
(whom we refer to as the “indemnified persons”) against all losses, claims, damages, costs, fines, penalties, expenses (including attorneys’ and other
professionals’ fees and expenses), liabilities or judgments or amounts that are paid in settlement of, or incurred in connection with, any threatened or
actual claim, action, suit, proceeding, investigation, grievance, citation, summons, subpoena, inquiry, hearing, originating application to a tribunal,
arbitration or other proceeding or order or ruling to which such indemnified person is a party or is otherwise involved (including as a witness) based on,
in whole or in part, or arising out of, in whole or in part, the fact that such person is or was a director or officer of RSP or any of its subsidiaries, a
fiduciary under any employee benefit plan sponsored, maintained, or contributed to by RSP or is or was serving at the request of RSP or any of its
subsidiaries as a director, officer or fiduciary of another corporation, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, employee benefit plan, trust or
other enterprise, as applicable, or by reason of anything done or not done by such person in any such capacity, whether pertaining to any act or omission
occurring or existing prior to or at, but not after, the effective time of the merger and whether asserted or claimed prior to, at or after the effective time of
the merger (which liabilities we refer to as “indemnified liabilities”), including all indemnified liabilities based in whole or in part on, or arising in
whole or in part out of, or pertaining to the merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, in each case to the fullest
extent permitted under applicable law (and Concho and the surviving corporation will, jointly and severally, pay expenses incurred in connection
therewith in advance of the final disposition of any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation to each indemnified person to the fullest extent
permitted under applicable law).

Concho and the surviving corporation will not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any provision in the organizational documents of the surviving
corporation in any manner that would affect (or manage the surviving corporation or its subsidiaries, with the intent to or in a manner that would affect)
adversely the rights of any indemnified person to indemnification, exculpation and advancement except to the extent required by applicable law. Concho
and the surviving corporation will fulfill and honor any indemnification, expense advancement, or exculpation agreements between RSP or any of its
subsidiaries and any of its directors or officers existing and in effect prior to March 27, 2018.

Concho and the surviving corporation will cause to be put in place, and Concho will fully prepay immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, “tail” insurance policies with a claims period of at least six years from the effective time of the merger (which we refer to as the “tail period”)
from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as RSP’s current insurance carrier with respect to directors’ and officers’ liability
insurance in an amount and scope at least as favorable as RSP’s existing policies, subject to a premium cap, with respect to matters, acts or omissions
existing or occurring at or prior to, but not after, the effective time of the merger. For additional information, see the section entitled “The Merger
Agreement—Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance” beginning on page  149.

Listing of Concho Shares; Delisting and Deregistration of RSP Shares

If the merger is completed, the shares of Concho common stock to be issued in the merger will be listed for trading on the NYSE, shares of RSP
common stock will be delisted from the NYSE and deregistered under the
 

-120-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 132/219

Table of Contents

Exchange Act, and RSP will no longer be required to file periodic reports with the SEC pursuant to the Exchange Act.

Accounting Treatment of the Merger

Concho prepares its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. The accounting guidance for business combinations requires the use of the
acquisition method of accounting for the merger, which requires the determination of the acquirer, the purchase price, the acquisition date, the fair value
of assets and liabilities of the acquiree and the measurement of goodwill. Concho will be treated as the acquirer for accounting purposes.

Treatment of Indebtedness

As of March 31, 2018, RSP had outstanding $445 million of borrowings under RSP’s existing credit facility. Completion of the merger would
constitute an event of default under the terms of the RSP credit facility. In order to avoid an event of default, Concho will need to either obtain waivers
or consents from the lenders under the RSP credit facility, or the RSP credit facility will need to be repaid or refinanced in connection with the merger.
Concho may draw on Concho’s existing credit facility and/or cash on hand to prepay in full the total outstanding amount under the RSP credit facility
and terminate the RSP credit facility. Concho may also choose to refinance the RSP credit facility (including any hedges provided by hedge banks
thereunder), or the RSP credit facility and the Concho credit facility, effective at the completion of the merger. In the event of a refinancing of the RSP
credit facility, prepayment would be at par with no prepayment premium, other than LIBOR breakage costs.

As of March 31, 2018, RSP had outstanding $700 million aggregate principal amount of 6.625% Senior Notes due 2022 and $450 million
aggregate principal amount of 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025 (which we refer to collectively as the “RSP Notes”). The indentures governing the RSP
Notes (which we refer to as the “RSP indentures”) require RSP (or a third party, in permitted circumstances) to make an offer to repurchase the RSP
Notes at 101% of their face amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, within 30 days of the occurrence of a change of control transaction. A “change of
control” transaction, as defined under the RSP indentures, occurs when, among other things, RSP consummates a transaction as a result of which any
person becomes the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of more than 50% of its voting stock, and in the case of the 5.25% Senior Notes due 2025
only, followed by a ratings decline within 90 days. Concho expects that it will have funding available for any accepted offers to repurchase in
connection with a change of control offer. Concho may also seek to amend, engage in liability management transactions with respect to, or refinance the
RSP Notes in connection with the merger. Concho does not currently anticipate taking any action with respect to the outstanding senior notes of Concho
in connection with the merger.

For a description of Concho’s and RSP’s existing indebtedness see Concho’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2018, filed on May 2, 2018, and RSP’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2018, filed on May 2, 2018, each of which is
incorporated by reference into this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

Litigation Relating to the Merger

Following the public announcement of the merger, three putative shareholder class action lawsuits were filed against RSP, the members of the
RSP board, and in two lawsuits, Concho and Merger Sub.

On April 25, 2018, Chris Robinson, a purported RSP shareholder, filed a putative class action complaint, Robinson v. RSP Permian, Inc. et al.,
C.A. No. 3:18-cv-01047-L, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, on behalf of RSP shareholders against RSP, the
members of the RSP board, Concho, and Merger Sub (which we refer to as the “Robinson lawsuit”). The Robinson lawsuit alleges, among other things,
that (i) the registration statement on form S-4 filed in connection with the merger fails to disclose certain allegedly material information in violation of
Sections 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act; and (ii) the RSP
 

-121-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 133/219

Table of Contents

board breached its fiduciary duties by engaging in a flawed merger process, agreeing to a merger which undervalues RSP, and failing to disclose all
material information concerning the merger to RSP’s shareholders. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, including enjoining the
transaction or rescinding the transaction and rescissory damages to the extent already implemented, an order directing the RSP board to conduct a
different sale process for RSP, and an award of attorneys’ and experts’ fees.

On May 2, 2018, Jordan Rosenblatt, a purported RSP shareholder, filed a class action complaint, Rosenblatt v. RSP Permian, Inc. et al., C.A. No.
3:18-cv-01117-K, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, on behalf of RSP shareholders against RSP, the members of the
RSP board, Concho, and Merger Sub (which we refer to as the “Rosenblatt lawsuit”). The Rosenblatt lawsuit alleges, among other things, that the
registration statement on form S-4 filed in connection with the merger fails to disclose certain allegedly material information in violation of Sections
14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act. The complaint seeks declaratory and injunctive relief, including enjoining the transaction or rescinding the
transaction and rescissory damages to the extent already implemented, an order directing the dissemination of a registration statement that is not false or
misleading, and an award of attorneys’ and experts’ fees.

On May 4, 2018, Stephen Bushansky, a purported RSP shareholder, filed a class action complaint, Bushansky v. RSP Permian, Inc. et al, C.A. No.
3:18-cv-01149-S, in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas, on behalf of RSP shareholders against RSP and the members of
the RSP board (which we refer to as the “Bushansky lawsuit”). The allegations, claims, and relief sought in the Bushansky lawsuit are substantially
similar to those in the Rosenblatt lawsuit.

Each of the lawsuits described above is at a preliminary stage. RSP, the members of the RSP board, Concho, and Merger Sub cannot predict the
outcome of these or any other lawsuits that might be filed nor can they predict the amount of time and expense that will be required to resolve the
lawsuits. The defendants have not yet answered or otherwise responded to the complaints.
 

-122-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 134/219

Table of Contents

THE MERGER AGREEMENT

This section describes the material terms of the merger agreement, which was executed on March 27, 2018. The description of the merger
agreement in this section and elsewhere in this joint proxy statement/prospectus is qualified in its entirety by reference to the complete text of the merger
agreement, a copy of which is attached as Annex A to this joint proxy statement/prospectus and is incorporated by reference herein in its entirety. This
summary does not purport to be complete and may not contain all of the information about the merger agreement that is important to you. You are
encouraged to read the merger agreement carefully and in its entirety because it is the legal document that governs the merger.

Explanatory Note Regarding the Merger Agreement

The merger agreement and this summary are included solely to provide you with information regarding the terms of the merger agreement.
Factual disclosures about Concho, RSP, or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates contained in this joint proxy statement/prospectus or in
Concho’s or RSP’s public reports filed with the SEC may supplement, update or modify the factual disclosures about Concho or RSP, as applicable,
contained in the merger agreement. The representations, warranties and covenants made in the merger agreement by Concho, RSP and Merger Sub were
made solely for the purposes of the merger agreement and as of specific dates and were qualified and subject to important limitations agreed to by
Concho, RSP and Merger Sub in connection with negotiating the terms of the merger agreement. In particular, in your review of the representations and
warranties contained in the merger agreement and described in this summary, it is important to bear in mind that the representations and warranties were
negotiated with the principal purposes of establishing the circumstances in which a party to the merger agreement may have the right not to complete the
merger if the representations and warranties of the other party prove to be untrue due to a change in circumstance or otherwise, and allocating risk
between the parties to the merger agreement, rather than establishing matters as facts. The representations and warranties may also be subject to a
contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable to stockholders and reports and documents filed with the SEC, and in some
cases were qualified by the matters contained in the respective disclosure letters that Concho and RSP delivered to each other in connection with the
merger agreement, which disclosures were not reflected in the merger agreement. Moreover, information concerning the subject matter of the
representations and warranties, which do not purport to be accurate as of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, may have changed since
March 27, 2018. You should not rely on the merger agreement representations, warranties, covenants or any descriptions thereof as characterizations of
the actual state of facts of Concho, RSP and Merger Sub or any of their respective subsidiaries or affiliates.

The Merger

Upon the terms and subject to the conditions of the merger, at the effective time of the merger, Merger Sub will be merged with and into RSP in
accordance with the DGCL. As a result of the merger, the separate existence of Merger Sub will cease and RSP will continue its existence under the
laws of the State of Delaware as the surviving corporation (in such capacity, we sometimes refer to RSP as the “surviving corporation”).

At the effective time of the merger, the merger will have the effects set forth in the merger agreement and the applicable provisions of the DGCL
and all the property, rights, privileges, powers and franchises of each of RSP and Merger Sub will vest in the surviving corporation, and all debts,
liabilities, obligations, restrictions, disabilities and duties of each of RSP and Merger Sub will become the debts, liabilities, obligations, restrictions,
disabilities and duties of the surviving corporation.

Closing

Unless otherwise mutually agreed to in writing between Concho and RSP, the completion of the merger will take place at 9:00 a.m. Central Time
on the second business day following the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions to the completion of the merger (other than any such conditions which
by their nature cannot be
 

-123-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 135/219

Table of Contents

satisfied until the closing date, which will be required to be so satisfied or (to the extent permitted by applicable law) waived in accordance with the
merger agreement on the closing date). For more information on the conditions to the completion of the merger, please see the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 152. We refer to the date on which the completion of the merger
occurs as the “closing date.”

As soon as practicable on the closing date after the completion of the merger, a certificate of merger prepared and executed in accordance with the
relevant provisions of the DGCL will be filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware and the merger will become effective
upon the filing and acceptance of such certificate of merger with the Office of the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, or at such later time as
agreed in writing by Concho and RSP and specified in such certificate of merger.

Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers

At the effective time of the merger, the certificate of incorporation of RSP in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be
amended and restated in its entirety as of the effective time of the merger to be in the form set forth in Annex B to the merger agreement, and as so
amended will be the certificate of incorporation of the surviving corporation, until duly amended, in accordance with the provisions of the merger
agreement and as provided therein or by applicable law.

Concho and RSP have agreed to take all actions necessary so that the bylaws of Merger Sub in effect immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger will be the bylaws of the surviving corporation, until duly amended, in accordance with the provisions of the merger agreement and as provided
therein or by applicable law.

Concho and RSP have agreed to take all necessary action such that from and after the effective time of the merger, the directors of Merger Sub
will be the directors of the surviving corporation and the officers of RSP will be the officers of the surviving corporation, and such directors and officers
will serve until their successors have been duly elected or appointed and qualified or until their death, resignation or removal in accordance with the
organizational documents of the surviving corporation.

Prior to the effective time of the merger, Concho has agreed to take all necessary corporate action so that upon and after the effective time of the
merger, the size of the Concho board is increased by one member, and, prior to the closing, one member of the RSP board determined to be independent
by the Concho board and to be mutually agreed between RSP and Concho is appointed to the Concho board to fill the vacancy on the Concho board
created by such increase. In addition, Concho, through the Concho board, has agreed to take all necessary action to nominate such new director for
election to the Concho board in the proxy statement relating to the first annual meeting of the stockholders of Concho following the closing.

Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock; Merger Consideration

At the effective time of the merger, by virtue of the merger and without any action on the part of Concho, Merger Sub, RSP, or any holder of any
securities of Concho, Merger Sub or RSP:
 

 
•  Each share of capital stock of Merger Sub issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will be converted

into and will represent one fully paid and nonassessable share of common stock of the surviving corporation.
 

 

•  Each share of RSP common stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger (excluding any excluded
shares (as defined below) and any shares of RSP time-based restricted stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock not treated as
shares of RSP common stock) will be converted into the right to receive from Concho that number of fully-paid and nonassessable shares of
Concho common stock equal to 0.320 (the merger consideration).

 
-124-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 136/219

Table of Contents

All such shares of RSP common stock, when so converted, will cease to be outstanding and will automatically be canceled and cease to exist.
Each holder of a share of RSP common stock that was outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger will cease to have any rights
with respect thereto, except the right to receive the merger consideration, any dividends or other distributions paid with respect to such shares following
the effective time and any cash to be paid in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock.

All shares of RSP common stock held by RSP as treasury shares or by Concho or Merger Sub or by any wholly owned subsidiary of Concho or
Merger Sub immediately prior to the effective time of the merger and, in each case, not held on behalf of third parties (which we refer to collectively as
“excluded shares”) will automatically be canceled and cease to exist as of the effective time of the merger, and no consideration will be delivered in
exchange for excluded shares.

In the event of any change in the number of shares of RSP or Concho common stock or securities convertible or exchangeable into or exercisable
for shares of RSP or Concho common stock (in each case issued and outstanding after March 27, 2018 and before the effective time) by reason of any
stock split, reverse stock split, stock dividend, subdivision, reclassification, recapitalization, combination, exchange of shares or the like, the merger
consideration will be equitably adjusted to reflect the effect of such change.

Treatment of RSP Equity Awards in the Merger

RSP Time-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of shares of RSP time-based restricted stock granted under the RSP
stock plan will automatically vest in full and any forfeiture restrictions applicable to such shares of RSP time-based restricted stock will lapse
immediately. As a result, each share of RSP time-based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the same rights as a share of RSP common stock
for purposes of the merger, including the right to receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.

RSP Performance-Based Restricted Stock

Immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, each outstanding award of RSP performance-based restricted stock granted under the RSP
stock plan will be deemed to have satisfied any continued service or time-based vesting requirements and have the applicable performance period end.
RSP’s performance with respect to the performance goals applicable to such shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock will be calculated based
on actual performance through the effective time of the merger, as reasonably determined by the compensation committee of the RSP board, in order to
determine the number of shares of RSP performance-based restricted stock that will vest, and any forfeiture requirements applicable to such earned
performance-based restricted stock will lapse immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. As a result, each earned share of RSP performance-
based restricted stock will be treated as and will have the same rights as a share of RSP common stock for purposes of the merger, including the right to
receive the merger consideration, less applicable taxes required to be withheld.

Payment for Securities; Exchange

Prior to the effective time of the merger, Concho has agreed to enter into an agreement with American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC, to
act as agent for the holders of RSP common stock in connection with the merger (which we refer to as the “exchange agent”). Promptly after the
effective time, Concho has agreed to deposit with the exchange agent, for the benefit of the holders of eligible shares RSP common stock, the number of
shares of Concho common stock issuable as merger consideration pursuant to the merger agreement. Concho has also agreed to make available to the
exchange agent, from time to time as needed, cash sufficient to pay certain dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock
issuable as merger consideration
 

-125-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 137/219

Table of Contents

and to make payments in lieu of fractional shares. Concho or the surviving corporation will pay all charges and expenses, including those of the
exchange agent, in connection with the exchange of shares pursuant to the merger agreement.

Certificates

As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, Concho has agreed to cause the exchange agent to deliver to each record holder, as of
immediately prior to the effective time, of RSP common stock certificates, a notice advising such holders of the effectiveness of the merger and a letter
of transmittal and instructions for use in effecting the surrender of RSP common stock certificates for payment of the merger consideration. Upon
surrender to the exchange agent of a RSP common stock certificate, together with the letter of transmittal, duly completed and validly executed in
accordance with the instructions thereto, and such other customary documents as may be reasonably required by the exchange agent, the holder of such
RSP common stock certificate will be entitled to receive in exchange therefor (i) one or more shares of Concho common stock (which will be in
uncertificated book-entry form) representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of shares of Concho common stock, if any, that such holder has the
right to receive pursuant to the merger agreement (after taking into account all shares of RSP common stock then held by such holder) and (ii) a check in
the amount equal to the cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of
Concho common stock issuable as merger consideration, as subject to applicable provisions of the merger agreement.

Non-DTC Book-Entry Shares

As soon as practicable after the effective time of the merger, Concho has agreed to cause the exchange agent to deliver to each record holder, as of
immediately prior to the effective time of the merger, of RSP book-entry shares not held through DTC, (i) a notice advising such holders of the
effectiveness of the merger, (ii) a statement reflecting the number of shares of Concho common stock (which will be in uncertificated book-entry form)
representing, in the aggregate, the whole number of shares of Concho common stock, if any, that such holder has the right to receive pursuant to the
merger agreement (after taking into account all shares of RSP common stock then held by such holder) and (iii) a check in the amount equal to the cash
payable in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock issuable
as merger consideration, as subject to applicable provisions of the merger agreement.

DTC Book-Entry Shares

With respect to RSP book-entry shares held through DTC, Concho and RSP have agreed to cooperate to establish procedures with the exchange
agent and DTC to ensure the exchange agent will transmit to DTC or its nominees as soon as reasonably practicable on or after the closing date, upon
surrender of the shares held of record by DTC, the merger consideration, cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and any
dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock issuable as merger consideration (as subject to applicable provisions of the
merger agreement), in each case, that DTC has the right to receive.

No Interest

No interest will be paid or accrued on any amount payable for shares of RSP common stock eligible to receive the merger consideration pursuant
to the merger agreement.

Termination of Rights

All merger consideration and any cash in lieu of fractional shares of Concho common stock paid upon the surrender of certificates will be deemed
to have been paid in full satisfaction of all rights pertaining to such RSP common stock. At the effective time of the merger, the stock transfer books of
the surviving corporation will be
 

-126-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 138/219

Table of Contents

closed immediately, and there will be no further registration of transfers on the stock transfer books of the surviving corporation of the shares of RSP
common stock that were outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the merger. If, after the effective time of the merger, RSP common stock
certificates are presented to the surviving corporation for any reason, they will be canceled and exchanged for the merger consideration, any cash in lieu
of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common stock issuable as merger
consideration.

No Liability

None of the surviving corporation, Concho, Merger Sub, or the exchange agent will be liable to any holder of RSP common stock for any amount
of merger consideration properly delivered to a public official pursuant to any applicable abandoned property, escheat, or similar law.

Lost, Stolen, or Destroyed Certificates

If any RSP common stock certificate has been lost, stolen or destroyed, upon the making of an affidavit of that fact by the person claiming such
RSP common stock certificate to be lost, stolen or destroyed and, if reasonably required by the surviving corporation, the posting by such person of a
bond in such reasonable amount as the surviving corporation may direct as indemnity against any claim that may be made against it with respect to such
RSP common stock certificate, the exchange agent will issue in exchange for such lost, stolen or destroyed RSP common stock certificate the merger
consideration, any cash in lieu of any fractional shares of Concho common stock and dividends and other distributions on the shares of Concho common
stock issuable as merger consideration.

No Fractional Shares of Concho Common Stock

No RSP common stock certificates or scrip or shares representing fractional shares of Concho common stock will be issued upon the exchange of
eligible shares of RSP common stock, and such fractional share interests will not entitle the owner of such fractional share interests to vote or to have
any rights of a stockholder of Concho or a holder of shares of Concho common stock. Each holder of shares exchanged pursuant to the merger who
would otherwise have been entitled to receive a fraction of a share of Concho common stock (after taking into account all certificates and book-entry
shares held by such holder) will receive, in lieu of such fractional shares of Concho common stock, cash (without interest) in an amount equal to the
product of (i) such fractional part of a share of Concho common stock multiplied by (ii) the volume weighted average price of Concho common stock
for the five consecutive trading days immediately prior to the closing date as reported by Bloomberg, L.P.

Withholding Taxes

Concho, the surviving corporation and the exchange agent are entitled to deduct and withhold from any amounts otherwise payable to any holder
of RSP common stock pursuant to the merger agreement any amount required to be deducted and withheld with respect to the making of such payment
under applicable law. To the extent such amounts are so properly deducted or withheld and paid over to the relevant taxing authority by the exchange
agent, the surviving corporation or Concho, as the case may be, such deducted or withheld amounts will be treated for all purposes of the merger
agreement as having been paid to the holder of the RSP common stock to whom such amounts would have been paid absent such deduction or
withholding by the exchange agent, the surviving corporation or Concho, as the case may be.

No Dissenters’ or Appraisal Rights

No dissenters’ or appraisal rights will be available with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
 

-127-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 139/219

Table of Contents

Representations and Warranties

Representations and Warranties

The merger agreement contains customary and, in certain cases, reciprocal, representations and warranties by RSP and Concho that are subject, in
some cases, to specified exceptions and qualifications contained in the merger agreement, in forms, reports, certifications, schedules, statements and
documents filed with or furnished to the SEC by RSP or Concho, as applicable, from December 31, 2016 and prior to March 27, 2018 or in the
disclosure letters delivered by RSP and Concho to each other in connection with the merger agreement. These representations and warranties relate to,
among other things:
 

 •  organization, good standing and qualification to conduct business;
 

 •  capitalization, including regarding:
 

 
•  the number of shares of common stock, preferred stock and/or other capital stock of Concho (or, as applicable, RSP) issued,

outstanding and/or reserved for issuance, and that such stock has been duly authorized and validly issued;
 

 

•  the absence of pre-emptive rights and other rights giving any persons the right to acquire, or requiring Concho or its subsidiaries (or,
as applicable, RSP and its subsidiaries) to sell, any securities of Concho and its subsidiaries (or, as applicable, RSP and its
subsidiaries) or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving any person a right to subscribe for or
acquire, any such securities;

 

 
•  the absence of obligations of Concho or its subsidiaries (or, as applicable, RSP and its subsidiaries) to redeem or otherwise acquire

any securities of it or its affiliates or any securities convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for, or giving any person a right to
subscribe for or acquire, any such securities;

 

 
•  the absence of any bonds, debentures, notes or other obligations the holders of which have the right to vote, or which are convertible

into securities having the right to vote on any matters on which the Concho stockholders and its subsidiaries (or, as applicable, RSP
and its subsidiaries) may vote; and

 

 •  the absence of any stockholders agreements, voting trusts or other agreements, other than disclosed agreements.
 

 
•  corporate authority and approval relating to the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement, including regarding the

approval by the Concho board and RSP board of the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement;
 

 

•  the absence of a default or adverse change in the rights or obligations under any provision of any loan or credit agreement, note, bond,
mortgage, indenture, lease or other agreement, permit, franchise or license to which Concho or any of its subsidiaries (or, as applicable, RSP
or any of RSP’s subsidiaries) are a party or violation of Concho’s (or, as applicable, RSP’s) organizational documents as a result of entering
into, delivering and performing under the merger agreement and consummating the merger;

 

 
•  governmental filings, notices, reports, registrations, approvals, consents, ratifications, permits, permissions, waivers or expirations of

waiting periods or authorizations required in connection with the execution, delivery and performance of the merger agreement and the
completion of the merger;

 

 •  filings with the SEC since December 31, 2016 and the financial statements included therein;
 

 •  compliance with the applicable requirements under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002;
 

 •  the conduct of business in the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2017;
 

 •  the absence of certain undisclosed liabilities;
 

-128-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 140/219

Table of Contents

 
•  compliance with applicable laws, the absence of governmental investigations and the possession of and compliance with licenses and

permits necessary for the conduct of business;
 

 •  employee benefit plan and labor matters;
 

 •  tax matters;
 

 
•  the absence of certain legal proceedings, investigations and governmental orders against Concho and its subsidiaries (or, as applicable,

against RSP and its subsidiaries);
 

 •  intellectual property matters;
 

 •  real property;
 

 
•  certain consents and permissions of third parties required to conduct the business of Concho and its subsidiaries (or, as applicable, RSP and

its subsidiaries);
 

 •  certain oil and gas matters;
 

 •  environmental matters;
 

 •  certain material contracts;
 

 •  hedging arrangements and derivative transactions;
 

 •  insurance;
 

 •  receipt by Concho (or, as applicable, RSP) of a fairness opinion from its financial advisor regarding the fairness of the merger consideration;
 

 •  the absence of any undisclosed broker’s or finder’s fees; and
 

 •  certain regulatory matters relating to utilities and investment companies.

The merger agreement also contains additional representations and warranties by RSP relating to the following, among other things:
 

 

•  the absence of interests in any material joint venture, or, directly or indirectly, equity securities or other similar equity interests or obligations
to consummate any material additional investment in any individual, partnership, limited liability company, corporation, joint stock
company, trust, estate, joint venture, governmental entity, association or unincorporated organization, or any other form of business or
professional entity, other than RSP’s subsidiaries and disclosed joint ventures;

 

 
•  the absence since December 31, 2017 of any material damage, destruction or other casualty loss with respect to any of RSP’s material assets

or property;
 

 •  the absence of any undisclosed related party transactions;
 

 •  inapplicability of anti-takeover laws; and
 

 •  the number of and vesting schedule for RSP equity awards.

The merger agreement also contains additional representations and warranties by Concho and Merger Sub relating to the following, among other
things:
 

 •  ownership of shares of RSP common stock;
 

 •  conduct of business of Merger Sub; and
 

 •  the capitalization of Merger Sub.

Definition of Material Adverse Effect

A “material adverse effect” means, when used with respect to Concho or RSP, as applicable, any fact, circumstance, effect, change, event or
development that (i) would prevent, materially delay or materially impair
 

-129-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 141/219

Table of Contents

the ability of such party or its subsidiaries to consummate the merger and the other transaction contemplated by the merger agreement or (ii) has, or
would have, a material adverse effect on the financial condition, business, or results of operations of such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole,
except, however, that with respect to the foregoing clause (ii) only, no effect (by itself or when aggregated or taken together with any and all other
effects) to the extent directly or indirectly resulting from, arising out of, attributable to, or related to any of the following will be deemed to be or
constitute a material adverse effect or will be taken into account when determining whether a material adverse effect has occurred or may, would or
could occur:
 

 •  general economic conditions (or changes in such conditions) or conditions in the global economy generally;
 

 
•  conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the securities markets, credit markets, currency markets or other financial markets, including

changes in interest rates and changes in exchange rates for the currencies of any countries and any suspension of trading in securities
(whether equity, debt, derivative or hybrid securities) generally on any securities exchange or over-the-counter market;

 

 
•  conditions (or changes in such conditions) in the oil and gas exploration, development or production industry (including changes in

commodity prices, general market prices and regulatory changes affecting the industry);
 

 
•  political conditions (or changes in such conditions) or acts of war, sabotage or terrorism (including any escalation or general worsening of

any such acts of war, sabotage or terrorism);
 

 •  earthquakes, hurricanes, tsunamis, tornadoes, floods, mudslides, wild fires or other natural disasters, and weather conditions;
 

 

•  the announcement of the merger agreement or the pendency or consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement (other than with respect to any representation or warranty that is intended to address the consequences of the execution or
delivery of the merger agreement or the announcement or consummation of the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the
merger agreement);

 

 
•  compliance with the terms of, or the taking of any action expressly permitted or required by, the merger agreement (except for certain

obligations under the merger agreement to operate in the ordinary course of business (or similar obligations));
 

 
•  changes in law or other legal or regulatory conditions, or the interpretation thereof, or changes in GAAP or other accounting standards (or

the interpretation thereof), or that result from any action taken for the purpose of complying with any of the foregoing; or
 

 

•  any changes in such party’s stock price or the trading volume of such party’s stock, or any failure by such party to meet any analysts’
estimates or expectations of such party’s revenue, earnings or other financial performance or results of operations for any period, or any
failure by such party or any of its subsidiaries to meet any internal budgets, plans or forecasts of its revenues, earnings or other financial
performance or results of operations (it being understood that the facts or occurrences giving rise to or contributing to such changes or
failures may constitute, or be taken into account in determining whether there has been or will be, a material adverse effect).

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if such effects directly or indirectly resulting from, arising out of, attributable to or related to the matters described
in the first five bullets directly above disproportionately adversely affect such party and its subsidiaries, taken as a whole, as compared to other similarly
situated participants operating in the oil and gas exploration, development or production industry, such adverse effects (if any) will be taken into account
when determining whether a material adverse effect has occurred or may, would or could occur, but solely to the extent they are disproportionate.

A “RSP material adverse effect” means a material adverse effect with respect to RSP, and a “Concho material adverse effect” means a material
adverse effect with respect to Concho.
 

-130-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 142/219

Table of Contents

Interim Operations of RSP and Concho Pending the Merger

Interim Operations of RSP

RSP has agreed that, until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, it will, and will cause each
of its subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to:
 

 •  conduct its business in the ordinary course; and
 

 
•  preserve substantially intact its present business organization, goodwill and assets, to keep available the services of its current officers and

employees and preserve its existing relationships with governmental entities and its significant customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
distributors, lessors and others having significant business dealings with RSP.

In addition, RSP has further agreed that, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the merger agreement, the disclosure letter it delivered to Concho
in connection with the merger agreement, required by applicable law or otherwise consented to by Concho in writing (which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, RSP
will not, and will not permit its subsidiaries to:
 

 
•  declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distribution in respect of any outstanding capital stock of, or other equity

interests in, RSP or its subsidiaries, except for dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of RSP to RSP or
another direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of RSP;

 

 
•  split, combine or reclassify any capital stock of, or other equity interests in, or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other

securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for equity interests in RSP or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 

•  purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any capital stock of, or other equity interests in,
RSP or any subsidiary of RSP, except as required by the terms of any capital stock or equity interest of a subsidiary existing and disclosed to
Concho as of March 27, 2018 or in respect of any shares of RSP time-based restricted stock or RSP performance-based restricted stock
outstanding as of March 27, 2018, or issued after March 27, 2018 in accordance with the merger agreement, in accordance with the terms of
the RSP stock plan and applicable award agreements;

 

 

•  offer, issue, deliver, grant or sell, or authorize or propose to offer, issue, deliver, grant or sell, any capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, RSP or any of its subsidiaries or any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such capital stock or
equity interests, other than (i) the delivery of RSP common stock upon the vesting or lapse of any restrictions on any shares of RSP time-
based restricted stock or RSP performance-based restricted stock outstanding on March 27, 2018 in accordance with the terms of the RSP
stock plan and applicable award agreements, (ii) issuances by a wholly owned subsidiary of RSP of such subsidiary’s capital stock or other
equity interests to RSP or any other wholly owned subsidiary of RSP and (iii) shares of capital stock issued as a dividend made in
accordance with the merger agreement;

 

 
•  amend or propose to amend RSP’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws or amend or propose to amend the organizational documents of any

of RSP’s subsidiaries (other than ministerial changes);
 

 

•  merge, consolidate, combine or amalgamate with any person other than between wholly owned subsidiaries of RSP or acquire or agree to
acquire (including by merging or consolidating with, purchasing any equity interest in or a substantial portion of the assets of, licensing, or
by any other manner), any business or any corporation, partnership, association or other business organization or division thereof, in each
case other than acquisitions for which the consideration is less than $25,000,000 individually or in the aggregate;

 
-131-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 143/219

Table of Contents

 

•  sell, lease, transfer, farmout, license, encumber (other than encumbrances permitted by the merger agreement), discontinue or otherwise
dispose of, or agree to sell, lease, transfer, farmout, license, encumber (other than encumbrances permitted by the merger agreement),
discontinue or otherwise dispose of, any portion of its assets or properties, other than (i) sales, leases or dispositions for which the
consideration is less than $25,000,000 in the aggregate or (ii) the sale of hydrocarbons in the ordinary course of business;

 

 
•  authorize, recommend, propose, enter into, adopt a plan or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or

dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of RSP or any of its subsidiaries, other than such
transactions among wholly owned subsidiaries of RSP;

 

 
•  change in any material respect their material accounting principles, practices or methods that would materially affect the consolidated assets,

liabilities or results of operations of RSP and its subsidiaries, except as required by GAAP or applicable law;
 

 

•  except (i) in the ordinary course of business and consistent with past practice, (ii) resulting from a change in or otherwise required by law or
(iii) to the extent not material, make, change or revoke any tax election, change an annual tax accounting period, adopt or change any tax
accounting method, file any amended tax return, enter into any closing agreement with respect to taxes, settle any material tax claim, audit,
assessment or dispute, surrender any right to claim a refund, agree to an extension or waiver of the statute of limitations with respect to the
assessment or determination of any tax, or take any action which is reasonably likely to result in a material increase in the tax liability of
RSP or its subsidiaries;

 

 
•  grant any material increases in the compensation payable or to become payable to any of its directors, officers or key employees except as

required by applicable law or pursuant to an employee benefit plan sponsored, maintained or contributed to by RSP (which we refer to
herein as an “RSP plan”) existing as of March 27, 2018;

 

 
•  take any action to accelerate the vesting or lapsing of restrictions or payment, or fund or in any other way secure the payment, of

compensation or benefits under any RSP plan;
 

 •  grant any new equity-based awards, or amend or modify the terms of any outstanding equity-based awards, under any RSP plan;
 

 
•  pay or agree to pay to any director, officer or key employee making an annualized salary of more than $300,000, whether past or present,

any material pension, retirement allowance or other employee benefit not required by any RSP plan existing as of March 27, 2018;
 

 
•  enter into any new, or amend any existing, material employment or severance or termination agreement with any director, officer or key

employee making an annualized salary of more than $300,000;
 

 
•  establish any material RSP plan which was not in existence or approved by the RSP board prior to March 27, 2018, or amend any such plan

or arrangement in existence on March 27, 2018 if such amendment would have the effect of enhancing any benefits thereunder or otherwise
result in increased costs to RSP;

 

 
•  hire any employee or engage any independent contractor (who is a natural person) with an annual salary or wage rate or consulting fees in

excess of $300,000;
 

 
•  terminate the employment of any executive officer other than for cause; except that, in no event will RSP be permitted to increase, in any

respect, the compensation and benefits payable to the individuals participating in RSP’s Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit
Plan as of March 27, 2018, or otherwise enter into any new, or amend any existing, agreement with such persons;

 

 
•  retire, repay, defease, repurchase or redeem all or any portion of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of RSP’s 6.625% Senior Notes

due 2022;
 

-132-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 144/219

Table of Contents

 

•  incur, create or assume any indebtedness or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person or create any encumbrances on any property
or assets of RSP or any of its subsidiaries in connection with any indebtedness thereof, other than encumbrances permitted by the merger
agreement, except for: (i) the incurrence of indebtedness under existing credit facilities, (ii) the incurrence of indebtedness by RSP that is
owed to any wholly owned subsidiary of RSP or by any subsidiary of RSP that is owed to RSP or a wholly owned subsidiary of RSP,
(iii) the incurrence of indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with certain acquisitions permitted by the merger agreement, (iv) the
incurrence of indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $3,000,000 or (v) the creation of any encumbrances securing any indebtedness
permitted by the foregoing exceptions;

 

 

•  enter into any contract that would be a Company Contract (as defined in the merger agreement), if it were in effect on March 27, 2018 or
modify, amend, terminate or assign, or waive or assign any rights under, any Company Contract (as defined in the merger agreement,
including the renewal of an existing Company Contract on substantially the same terms in the ordinary course of business consistent with
past practice), other than in each case, with respect to certain contracts only, in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice;

 

 
•  cancel, modify or waive any debts or claims held by RSP or any of its subsidiaries or waive any rights held by RSP or any of its subsidiaries

having in each case a value in excess of $5,000,000 in the aggregate;
 

 

•  waive, release, assign, settle or compromise or offer or propose to waive, release, assign, settle or compromise, any proceeding (excluding
any audit, claim or other proceeding in respect of taxes) other than (i) the settlement of such proceedings involving only the payment of
monetary damages by RSP or any of its subsidiaries of any amount exceeding $5,000,000 in the aggregate and (ii) as would not result in any
restriction on future activity or conduct or a finding or admission of a violation of law; except that RSP will be permitted to settle any
transaction litigation in accordance with the merger agreement;

 

 

•  make or commit to make any capital expenditures that are, in the aggregate, greater than 125% of the quarterly budgeted amount of capital
expenditures scheduled to be made in RSP’s capital expenditure budget set forth in the disclosure letter RSP delivered to Concho in
connection with the merger agreement, except for capital expenditures to repair damage resulting from insured casualty events or capital
expenditures required on an emergency basis or for the safety of individuals, assets or the environment;

 

 
•  take any action, cause any action to be taken, knowingly fail to take any action or knowingly fail to cause any action to be taken, which

action or failure to act would prevent or impede, or would be reasonably likely to prevent or impede, the merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

 

 
•  take any action or omit to take any action that is reasonably likely to cause any of the conditions to the merger set forth in the merger

agreement to not be satisfied, as further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger” beginning on page 152; or

 

 •  agree to take any action described above.

Interim Operations of Concho

Concho has agreed that, until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement pursuant to the merger
agreement, it will, and will cause each of its subsidiaries to, use reasonable best efforts to:
 

 •  conduct its business in the ordinary course; and
 

 
•  preserve substantially intact its present business organization, goodwill and assets, to keep available the services of its current officers and

employees and preserve its existing relationships with governmental entities and its significant customers, suppliers, licensors, licensees,
distributors, lessors and others having significant business dealings with Concho.

 
-133-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 145/219

Table of Contents

In addition, Concho has further agreed that, subject to certain exceptions set forth in the merger agreement, the disclosure letter Concho delivered
to RSP in connection with the merger agreement, required by applicable law or otherwise consented to by RSP in writing (which consent will not be
unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement,
Concho will not, and will not permit its subsidiaries to:
 

 
•  declare, set aside or pay any dividends on, or make any other distribution in respect of any outstanding capital stock of, or other equity

interests in, Concho or its subsidiaries, except for dividends and distributions by a direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Concho to
Concho or another direct or indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Concho;

 

 
•  split, combine or reclassify any capital stock of, or other equity interests in, or issue or authorize or propose the issuance of any other

securities in respect of, in lieu of or in substitution for equity interests in Concho or any of its subsidiaries;
 

 
•  purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, or offer to purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire, any capital stock of, or other equity interests in,

Concho, except as required by the terms of any capital stock or equity interest of a subsidiary or as contemplated by any Concho plan, in
each case existing as of March 27, 2018;

 

 

•  offer, issue, deliver, grant or sell, or authorize or propose to offer, issue, deliver, grant or sell, any capital stock of, or other equity interests
in, Concho or any of its subsidiaries or any securities convertible into, or any rights, warrants or options to acquire, any such capital stock or
equity interests, other than (i) the issuance of Concho common stock upon the vesting or lapse of any restrictions on any awards granted
under Concho’s stock plan and outstanding on March 27, 2018 or issued in compliance with the merger agreement, (ii) issuances by a
wholly owned subsidiary of Concho of such subsidiary’s capital stock or other equity interests to Concho or any other wholly owned
subsidiary of Concho, (iii) issuances of awards granted under Concho’s stock plan in the ordinary course of business consistent with past
practice and (iv) issuances of Concho common stock through any private or public registered offering or other transaction, including certain
acquisitions permitted by the merger agreement, from time to time, of up to 15% of the shares of Concho common stock issued and
outstanding as of March 27, 2018, in the aggregate;

 

 
•  amend or propose to amend Concho’s certificate of incorporation or bylaws (other than in immaterial respects) or adopt any material change

in the organizational documents of any of Concho’s subsidiaries that would adversely affect the consummation of the transactions
contemplated by the merger agreement;

 

 
•  except as contemplated in the merger agreement in respect of approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho takeover

proposal, merge, consolidate, combine or amalgamate with any person other than between wholly owned subsidiaries of Concho or, in the
case of a subsidiary of Concho, in connection with any acquisition permitted by the following bullet;

 

 

•  acquire or agree to acquire (including by merging or consolidating with, purchasing any equity interest in or a substantial portion of the
assets of, licensing, or by any other manner), any business or assets or any corporation, partnership, association or other business
organization or division thereof, other than (i) in one or more of such transactions that do not involve (A) consideration valued in excess of
$2,000,000,000 in the aggregate and (B) the direct or indirect acquisition of any material assets located outside of the Permian Basin
(including the New Mexico Shelf), (ii) in connection with any acquisition (by asset purchase or exchange, stock purchase, merger or
otherwise) (A) that does not require approval by the Concho stockholders, (B) that is approved by at least two-thirds of the Concho board
after its receipt of a customary fairness opinion with respect thereto from an investment bank of national standing, (C) that would not
reasonably be expected to prevent or materially impair or materially delay consummation of the merger, (D) that would not reasonably be
expected to cause Concho to lose its investment-grade rating, and (E) for which at least 65% of the assets in the

 
-134-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 146/219

Table of Contents

 
acquisition are located in the Permian Basin (including the New Mexico Shelf) or (iii) swaps of assets or property for no cash consideration,
provided that substantially all of the assets received by Concho in any such swap are located in the Permian Basin (including the New
Mexico Shelf);

 

 

•  sell, lease, transfer, farmout, or license or encumber (other than encumbrances permitted by the merger agreement), discontinue or otherwise
dispose of, or agree to sell, lease, transfer, farmout, license (other than encumbrances permitted by the merger agreement), discontinue or
otherwise dispose of, any portion of its assets or properties, other than (i) sales, leases or dispositions for which the cash consideration is less
than $500,000,000, (ii) the sale of hydrocarbons in the ordinary course of business, or (iii) swaps of assets or property for no cash
consideration, provided that substantially all of the assets received by Concho in any such swap are located in the Permian Basin (including
the New Mexico Shelf);

 

 
•  authorize, recommend, propose, enter into, adopt a plan or announce an intention to adopt a plan of complete or partial liquidation or

dissolution, merger, consolidation, restructuring, recapitalization or other reorganization of Concho or any of its subsidiaries, other than such
transactions among wholly owned subsidiaries of Concho;

 

 
•  change in any material respect their material accounting principles, practices or methods that would materially affect the consolidated assets,

liabilities or results of operations of Concho and its subsidiaries, except as required by GAAP or applicable law;
 

 •  incur, create or assume any indebtedness, or guarantee any such indebtedness of another person;
 

 

•  create any encumbrances on any property or assets of Concho or any of its subsidiaries in connection with any indebtedness thereof, other
than encumbrances permitted by the merger agreement, except for (i) the incurrence of indebtedness under existing credit facilities, (ii) the
incurrence of indebtedness by Concho that is owed to any wholly owned subsidiary of Concho or by any subsidiary of Concho that is owed
to Concho or a wholly owned subsidiary of Concho, (iii) the incurrence of additional indebtedness in an amount not to exceed $500,000,000,
(iv) the incurrence or assumption of indebtedness incurred or assumed in connection with certain acquisitions permitted by the merger
agreement (provided that the incurrence or assumption of such indebtedness would not reasonably be expected to cause Concho to lose its
investment grade credit rating), (v) refinancing indebtedness issued or incurred to refinance any indebtedness permitted by the exceptions
above or (vi) the creation of any encumbrances securing any indebtedness permitted by the foregoing exceptions;

 

 
•  take any action, cause any action to be taken, knowingly fail to take any action or knowingly fail to cause any action to be taken, which

action or failure to act would prevent or impede, or would be reasonably likely to prevent or impede, the merger from qualifying as a
reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code;

 

 
•  take any action or omit to take any action that is reasonably likely to cause any of the conditions to the merger set forth in the merger

agreement to not be satisfied, further described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the
Merger” beginning on page 152; or

 

 •  agree to take any action described above.

No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation

No Solicitation by Concho

Concho has agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, Concho and its officers and directors will not, will cause Concho’s subsidiaries and their
respective officers and directors not to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of Concho and its subsidiaries not to,
directly or indirectly, initiate, solicit any inquiry or propose the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or would reasonably be expected to
result in, a Concho competing proposal (as defined below).
 

-135-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 147/219

Table of Contents

From and after March 27, 2018, Concho has agreed to promptly notify RSP of the receipt by Concho (directly or indirectly) of any Concho
competing proposal or indication of consideration of making a Concho competing proposal made on or after March 27, 2018, and Concho will provide
to RSP reasonably promptly (i) a copy of any such expression of interest, inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a Concho competing proposal made
in writing provided to Concho or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) if any such expression of interest, inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a Concho
competing proposal is not (or any portion thereof is not) made in writing, a written summary of the material financial and other terms thereof. Thereafter
Concho has agreed to keep RSP reasonably informed of any material development regarding the status or terms of any such expressions of interest,
proposals or offers (including any material amendments thereto) or material requests and will reasonably promptly apprise RSP of the status of any such
discussions or negotiations. Concho has agreed to notify RSP if Concho determines to begin providing information or to engage in discussions or
negotiations concerning a Concho competing proposal, prior to providing any such information or engaging in any such discussions or negotiations. All
information and documentation provided by Concho to RSP pursuant to the foregoing requirements will be subject to the confidentiality provisions of
the Confidentiality Agreement dated March 21, 2018 between Concho and RSP, except as to any disclosure required by applicable law.

No Solicitation by RSP

RSP has agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, RSP and its officers and directors will, will cause RSP’s subsidiaries and their respective
officers and directors to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of RSP and its subsidiaries to, immediately cease,
and cause to be terminated, any discussion or negotiations ongoing with any third party with respect to any inquiry, proposal or offer that constitutes, or
would reasonably be expected to lead to, a “RSP competing proposal” (as defined below). RSP has agreed that by March 28, 2018, RSP will have
delivered written notice to each third party that has received non-public information regarding RSP for purposes of evaluating any transaction that could
be a RSP competing proposal within the six months prior to March 27, 2018 requesting the return or destruction of all confidential information
concerning RSP, and must terminate any data access related to any potential RSP competing proposal previously granted to such third parties.

RSP has also agreed that, from and after March 27, 2018, RSP and its officers and directors will not, will cause RSP’s subsidiaries and their
respective officers and directors not to, and will use their reasonable best efforts to cause the other representatives of RSP and its subsidiaries not to,
directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  initiate, solicit, propose, knowingly encourage, or knowingly facilitate any inquiry or the making of any proposal or offer that constitutes, or

would reasonably be expected to result in, a RSP competing proposal;
 

 
•  engage in, continue or otherwise participate in any discussions with any person with respect to or negotiations with any person with respect

to, relating to, or in furtherance of a RSP competing proposal or any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be expected to lead to a
RSP competing proposal;

 

 
•  furnish any information regarding RSP or its subsidiaries, or access to the properties, assets or employees of RSP or its subsidiaries, to any

person in connection with or in response to any RSP competing proposal or any inquiry, proposal or offer that would reasonably be expected
to lead to a RSP competing proposal;

 

 
•  enter into any letter of intent or agreement in principal, or other agreement providing for a RSP competing proposal (other than certain

confidentiality agreements entered into as permitted by the merger agreement); or
 

 •  submit any RSP competing proposal to the vote of RSP stockholders.

Notwithstanding the above restrictions, RSP or any of its representatives may, (i) in response to an unsolicited inquiry or proposal, seek to clarify
the terms and conditions of such inquiry or proposal to determine
 

-136-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 148/219

Table of Contents

whether such inquiry or proposal constitutes a RSP superior proposal (as defined below) and (ii) in response to an inquiry or proposal from a third party,
inform a third party or its representative of the “no solicitation” obligations described above (without conveying, requesting or attempting to gather any
other information except as otherwise specifically permitted under the merger agreement).

From and after March 27, 2018, RSP has agreed to promptly (and in any event within the shorter of one business day or 48 hours) notify Concho
of the receipt by RSP (directly or indirectly) of any RSP competing proposal or any expression of interest, inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a
RSP competing proposal made on or after March 27, 2018, any request for information or data relating to RSP or any of its subsidiaries made by any
person in connection with a RSP competing proposal or any request for discussions or negotiations with RSP or a representative of RSP relating to a
RSP competing proposal (including the identity of such person), and RSP will provide to Concho promptly (and in any event within the shorter of one
business day or 48 hours) (i) a copy of any such expression of interest, inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a RSP competing proposal made in
writing provided to RSP or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) any such expression of interest, inquiry, proposal or offer with respect to a RSP competing
proposal not (or any portion thereof is not) made in writing, a written summary of the material financial and other terms thereof. Thereafter RSP has
agreed to (i) keep Concho reasonably informed, on a prompt basis (and in any event within the shorter of one business day or 48 hours), of any material
development regarding the status or terms of any such expressions of interest, proposals or offers (including any amendments thereto) or material
requests and will promptly (and in any event within the shorter of one business day or 48 hours) apprise Concho of the status of any such discussions or
negotiations and (ii) provide to Concho as soon as practicable after receipt or delivery thereof (and in any event within the shorter of one business day or
48 hours) copies of all material written correspondence and other material written materials provided to RSP or its representatives from any person. RSP
has agreed to notify Concho if RSP determines to begin providing information or to engage in discussions or negotiations concerning a RSP competing
proposal, prior to providing any such information or engaging in any such discussions or negotiations.

RSP: No Solicitation Exceptions

Prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, RSP and its representatives may engage in the second
and third bullets in the second paragraph of the section directly above with any person if (i) RSP receives a bona fide written RSP competing proposal
from such person that was not solicited at any time after March 27, 2018; and (ii) such RSP competing proposal did not arise from a breach of the
obligations described in “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by RSP”; provided, however, that:
 

 

•  no information that is prohibited from being furnished pursuant to the “no solicitation” obligations described in the section entitled “The
Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by RSP” may be furnished until RSP receives an
executed confidentiality agreement, subject to certain conditions, including that the terms of such confidentiality agreement are no less
favorable to RSP in the aggregate than the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement dated March 21, 2018 between Concho and RSP, as
determined by the RSP board in good faith after consultation with its legal counsel;

 

 
•  any non-public information furnished to such person will have previously been made available to Concho or is made available to Concho

prior to or concurrently with the time such information is made available to such person;
 

 
•  prior to taking any such actions, the RSP board or any committee of the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its

financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that such RSP competing proposal is, or would reasonably be expected to lead to, a RSP
superior proposal; and

 

 
•  prior to taking any such actions, the RSP board determines in good faith after consultation with its outside legal counsel that failure to take

such action would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law.
 

-137-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 149/219

Table of Contents

Concho: Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the Concho board, including any committee of the Concho board, may not:
 

 
•  withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify, or publicly propose or announce any intention to withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner

adverse to RSP, its recommendation that Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal;
 

 
•  fail to include its recommendation that Concho stockholders approve the Concho issuance proposal in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;

and
 

 
•  approve, endorse, recommend or enter into, or publicly propose or announce any intention to approve, endorse, recommend or enter into,

any Concho competing proposal other than a Concho takeover proposal.

We refer to the taking of any of the actions described in the three bullets directly above as a “Concho recommendation change.”

RSP: Restrictions on Changes of Recommendation

Subject to certain exceptions described below, the RSP board, including any committee of the RSP board, may not:
 

 
•  withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify, or publicly propose or announce any intention to withhold, withdraw, qualify or modify, in a manner

adverse to Concho or Merger Sub, its recommendation that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal;
 

 •  fail to include its recommendation that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal in this joint proxy statement/prospectus;
 

 
•  approve, endorse or recommend, or publicly propose or announce any intention to approve, endorse or recommend, any RSP competing

proposal;
 

 
•  publicly declare advisable or publicly propose to enter into, any letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle,

acquisition agreement, merger agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement (other than
certain confidentiality agreements) relating to a RSP competing proposal;

 

 

•  in the case of a RSP competing proposal that is structured as a tender offer or exchange offer pursuant to Rule 14d-2 under the Exchange
Act for outstanding shares of RSP common stock (other than by Concho or an affiliate of Concho), fail to recommend, in a
Solicitation/Recommendation Statement on Schedule 14D-9, against acceptance of such tender offer or exchange offer by its stockholders
on or prior to the earlier of (A) three business days prior to the date of the RSP special meeting (or promptly after commencement of such
tender offer or exchange offer if commenced on or after the third business day prior to the date of the RSP special meeting) or (B) 10
business days (as such term is used in Rule 14d-9 of the Exchange Act) after commencement of such tender offer or exchange offer;

 

 

•  if a RSP competing proposal will have been publicly announced or disclosed (other than pursuant to the bullet directly above), fail to
publicly reaffirm its recommendation that RSP stockholders approve the merger proposal on or prior to the earlier of (A) five business days
after Concho so requests in writing or (B) three business days prior to the date of the RSP special meeting (or promptly after announcement
or disclosure of such RSP competing proposal if announced or disclosed on or after the third business day prior to the date of the RSP
special meeting); or

 

 
•  cause or permit RSP to enter into a letter of intent, memorandum of understanding, agreement in principle, acquisition agreement, merger

agreement, option agreement, joint venture agreement, partnership agreement or other agreement (other than certain confidentiality
agreements) relating to a RSP competing proposal.

 
-138-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 150/219

Table of Contents

We refer to the taking of any of the actions described in the seven bullets directly above as a “RSP recommendation change.”

Concho: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

Prior to, but not after, the time the Concho issuance proposal has been approved by Concho stockholders, in response to a Concho intervening
event (as defined below) that occurs or arises after March 27, 2018 and that did not arise from or in connection with a breach of the merger agreement
by Concho, Concho may, if the Concho board so chooses, effect a Concho recommendation change if:
 

 
•  the Concho board determines in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel that a Concho intervening

event has occurred;
 

 
•  the Concho board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failure to effect a Concho recommendation

change in response to such Concho intervening event would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the Concho board to the
stockholders of Concho under applicable law;

 

 
•  Concho provides RSP written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance, which

notice will set forth in writing that the Concho board intends to consider whether to take such action and includes a reasonably detailed
description of the facts and circumstances of the Concho intervening event;

 

 
•  after giving such notice and prior to effecting such Concho recommendation change, Concho negotiates in good faith with RSP (to the

extent RSP wishes to negotiate) to make such adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement as would permit the Concho
board not to effect a Concho recommendation change in response thereto; and

 

 

•  at the end of the three-business-day period, prior to taking action to effect a Concho recommendation change, the Concho board takes into
account any adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by RSP in writing and any other information offered by
RSP in response to the notice, and determines in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the
failure to effect a Concho recommendation change in response to such Concho intervening event would be inconsistent with the fiduciary
duties owed by the Concho board to the stockholders of Concho under applicable law.

In the event of any material changes regarding any Concho intervening event, Concho will be required to deliver a new written notice to RSP and
to comply with the foregoing requirements with respect to such new written notice, except that the advance written notice obligation will be reduced to
one business day.

A “Concho intervening event” is a material development or change in circumstance that occurs or arises after March 27, 2018 that was not known
to or reasonably foreseeable by the Concho board as of March 27, 2018.

RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation and Permitted Termination to Enter into a Superior Proposal

Prior to, but not after, the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, in response to a bona fide written RSP competing proposal
from a third party that was not solicited at any time following March 27, 2018 and did not arise from a breach of the obligations described above and in
the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by RSP,” if the RSP board so chooses, the
RSP board may effect a RSP recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement if:
 

 
•  the RSP board determines in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel that such RSP competing

proposal is a RSP superior proposal;
 

-139-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 151/219

Table of Contents

 
•  the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failure to effect a RSP recommendation change

in response to such RSP superior proposal would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board to the stockholders of
RSP under applicable law;

 

 
•  RSP provides Concho written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance, which

notice will set forth in writing that the RSP board intends to consider whether to take such action and include a copy of the available
proposed RSP competing proposal and any applicable transaction and financing documents;

 

 
•  after giving such notice and prior to effecting such RSP recommendation change or termination, RSP negotiates in good faith with Concho

(to the extent Concho wishes to negotiate) to make such adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement as would permit the
RSP board not to effect a RSP recommendation change or terminate the merger agreement; and

 

 

•  at the end of the three-business-day period, prior to taking action to effect a RSP recommendation change or terminate the merger
agreement, the RSP board takes into account any adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement proposed by Concho in
writing and any other information offered by Concho in response to the notice, and determines in good faith after consultation with its
financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the RSP competing proposal remains a RSP superior proposal and that the failure to effect
a RSP recommendation change in response to such RSP superior proposal would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP
board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law.

In the event of any material amendment or material modification to any RSP superior proposal, RSP will be required to deliver a new written
notice to Concho and to comply with the foregoing requirements with respect to such new written notice, except that the advance written notice
obligation will be reduced to one business day. Any amendment or modification to the economic terms of any such RSP superior proposal will be
deemed material for the purposes of the foregoing sentence.

RSP: Permitted Changes of Recommendation in Connection with Intervening Events

Prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP stockholders, in response to a RSP intervening event that occurs or
arises after March 27, 2018 and that did not arise from or in connection with a breach of the merger agreement by RSP, RSP may, if the RSP board so
chooses, effect a RSP recommendation change if:
 

 
•  the RSP board determines in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel that a RSP intervening event

has occurred;
 

 
•  the RSP board determines in good faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel, that failure to effect a RSP recommendation change

in response to such RSP intervening event would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board to the stockholders of
RSP under applicable law;

 

 
•  RSP provides Concho written notice of such proposed action and the basis of such proposed action three business days in advance, which

notice will set forth in writing that the RSP board intends to consider whether to take such action and includes a reasonably detailed
description of the facts and circumstances of the RSP intervening event;

 

 
•  after giving such notice and prior to effecting such RSP recommendation change, RSP negotiates in good faith with Concho (to the extent

Concho wishes to negotiate) to make such adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement as would permit the RSP board not
to effect a RSP recommendation change in response thereto; and

 

 
•  at the end of the three-business-day period, prior to taking action to effect a RSP recommendation change, the RSP board takes into account

any adjustments or revisions to the terms of the agreement proposed by Concho in writing and any other information offered by Concho in
response to the notice,

 
-140-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 152/219

Table of Contents

 
and determines in good faith after consultation with its financial advisors and outside legal counsel, that the failure to effect a RSP
recommendation change in response to such RSP intervening event would be inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP board
to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law.

In the event of any material changes regarding any RSP intervening event, RSP will be required to deliver a new written notice to Concho and to
comply with the foregoing requirements with respect to such new written notice, except that the advance written notice obligation will be reduced to one
business day.

A “RSP intervening event” is a material development or change in circumstance that occurs or arises after March 27, 2018 that was not known to
or reasonably foreseeable by the RSP board as of March 27, 2018, except for any development occurring as a consequence of a RSP competing
proposal. The entry into a definitive agreement by Concho in respect of a Concho takeover proposal or any approval, endorsement or recommendation
by the Concho board (or a committee of the Concho board) would be considered a RSP intervening event.

RSP: Confidentiality and Standstill Arrangements

From March 27, 2018 and continuing until the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, RSP has
agreed not to (and it will cause its subsidiaries not to) terminate, amend, modify or waive any provision of any confidentiality, “standstill” or similar
agreement to which it or any of its subsidiaries is a party. However, prior to, but not after, the time the merger proposal has been approved by RSP
stockholders, if, in response to an unsolicited request from a third party to waive any “standstill” or similar provision, the RSP board determines in good
faith, after consultation with its outside legal counsel that the failure to take such action would be inconsistent with its fiduciary duties owed by the RSP
board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law, RSP may waive any such “standstill” or similar provision solely to the extent necessary to permit
a third party to make a RSP competing proposal, on a confidential basis, to the RSP board and communicate such waiver to the applicable third party.
RSP must advise Concho at least two business days prior to taking such action. RSP has represented and warranted to Concho that it has not taken any
action that (i) would be prohibited by this paragraph or (ii) but for the ability to avoid actions inconsistent with the fiduciary duties owed by the RSP
board to the stockholders of RSP under applicable law, would have been prohibited by this paragraph during the 30 days prior to March 27, 2018.

Certain Permitted Disclosure

The RSP board or the Concho board may, after consultation with their respective outside legal counsel, make such disclosures as each determines
in good faith are necessary to comply with Rule 14d-9 or Rule 14e-2(a) promulgated under the Exchange Act or other disclosure required to be made in
this joint proxy statement/prospectus by applicable U.S. federal securities laws. If such disclosure has the effect of withdrawing or adversely modifying,
in the case of Concho, the recommendation of the Concho board that its stockholders vote in favor of the Concho issuance proposal or, in the case of
RSP, the recommendation of the RSP board that its stockholders vote in favor of the merger proposal, such disclosure will be deemed to be a Concho
recommendation change or a RSP recommendation change, as applicable, and the other party will have the right to terminate the merger agreement.

Definitions of Competing Proposals

A “Concho competing proposal” means any contract, proposal, offer or indication of interest relating to any transaction or series of related
transactions involving directly or indirectly:
 

 
•  any acquisition (by asset purchase, stock purchase, merger, or otherwise) by any third party or group of any business or assets of Concho or

any of its subsidiaries (including capital stock of or ownership
 

-141-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 153/219

Table of Contents

 
interests in any subsidiary) that generated 20% or more of the value of Concho’s and its subsidiaries’ assets (by fair market value), net
revenue or earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization (which we refer to as “EBITDA”) for the preceding 12 months, or
any license, lease or long-term supply agreement having a similar economic effect;

 

 

•  any acquisition of beneficial ownership by any third party or group of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock or
any other securities entitled to vote on the election of directors or any tender or exchange offer that would result in that person or group
beneficially owning 20% or more of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock or any other securities entitled to vote on the election
of directors; or

 

 
•  any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving

Concho and that occurs after or fewer than seven business days prior to the date on which the polls close at the Concho stockholders
meeting or is conditioned on the merger not being consummated.

A “RSP competing proposal” means any contract, proposal, offer or indication of interest relating to any transaction or series of related
transactions (other than transactions only with Concho or any of its subsidiaries) involving, directly or indirectly:
 

 

•  any acquisition (by asset purchase, stock purchase, merger, or otherwise) by any third party or group of any business or assets of RSP or any
of its subsidiaries (including capital stock of or ownership interest in any subsidiary) that generated 20% or more of the value of RSP’s and
its subsidiaries’ assets (by fair market value), net revenue or EBITDA for the preceding 12 months, or any license, lease or long-term supply
agreement having a similar economic effect;

 

 

•  any acquisition of beneficial ownership by any third party or group of 20% or more of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock or any
other securities entitled to vote on the election of directors or any tender or exchange offer that would result in that person or group
beneficially owning 20% or more of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock or any other securities entitled to vote on the election of
directors; or

 

 
•  any merger, consolidation, share exchange, business combination, recapitalization, liquidation, dissolution or similar transaction involving

RSP or any of its subsidiaries.

Definition of Concho Takeover Proposal

A “Concho takeover proposal” means a Concho competing proposal (provided that any references to “20%” in the definition of Concho
competing proposal are deemed to be a reference to “more than 50%”) that expressly contemplates Concho’s continued compliance with the merger
agreement and that would not prevent, materially delay or materially impair the ability of Concho, RSP and Merger Sub to complete the merger.

Definition of RSP Superior Proposal

A “RSP superior proposal” means a bona fide written proposal that is not solicited after March 27, 2018 and is made after such date by any person
or group (other than Concho or any of its affiliates) to acquire, directly or indirectly, (i) businesses or assets of RSP or any of its subsidiaries (including
capital stock of or ownership interest in any subsidiary) that account for 50% or more of the fair market value of such assets or that generated 50% or
more of RSP’s and its subsidiaries’ net revenue or EBITDA for the preceding 12 months, respectively, or (ii) more than 50% of the outstanding shares of
RSP common stock, in each case whether by way of merger, amalgamation, share exchange, tender offer, exchange offer, recapitalization, consolidation,
sale of assets or otherwise, that, in the good faith determination of the RSP board, after consultation with its financial advisors:
 

 
•  if consummated, would result in a transaction more favorable to RSP’s stockholders from a financial point of view than the merger (after

taking into account the time likely to be required to consummate
 

-142-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 154/219

Table of Contents

 
such proposal and any adjustments or revisions to the terms of the merger agreement offered by Concho in response to such proposal or
otherwise);

 

 

•  is reasonably likely to be consummated on the terms proposed, taking into account any legal, financial, regulatory and stockholder approval
requirements, the sources, availability and terms of any financing, financing market conditions and the existence of a financing contingency,
the likelihood of termination, the timing of closing, the identity of the person or persons making the proposal and any other aspects
considered relevant by the RSP board; and

 

 •  if applicable, financing is fully committed or reasonably determined to be available to the RSP board.

Preparation of Joint Proxy Statement/Prospectus and Registration Statement

Concho has agreed to promptly furnish to RSP such data and information relating to it, its subsidiaries (including Merger Sub) and the holders of
its capital stock, as RSP may reasonably request for the purpose of including such data and information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any
amendments or supplements hereto used by RSP to obtain the adoption by the RSP stockholders of the merger agreement. RSP has agreed to promptly
furnish to Concho such data and information relating to it, its subsidiaries and the holders of its capital stock, as Concho may reasonably request for the
purpose of including such data and information in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any amendments or supplements hereto and the registration
statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, and any amendments or supplements thereto.

RSP and Concho have agreed to each use reasonable best efforts to cause this joint proxy statement/prospectus and the registration statement, of
which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, to comply with the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC and to respond promptly to
any comments of the SEC or its staff. Concho and RSP will each use its reasonable best efforts to cause the registration statement, of which this joint
proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, to become effective under the Securities Act as soon after such filing as reasonably practicable and Concho
will use reasonable best efforts to keep the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, effective as long as is
necessary to consummate the merger. Each of RSP and Concho will advise the other promptly after it receives any request by the SEC for amendment of
this joint proxy statement/prospectus or the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, or comments thereon and
responses thereto or any request by the SEC for additional information. Each of RSP and Concho have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to cause all
documents that it is responsible for filing with the SEC in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement to comply as to form
and substance in all material respects with the applicable requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act.

Prior to filing the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part (or any amendment or supplement thereto), or
mailing this joint proxy statement/prospectus (or any amendment or supplement thereto) or responding to any comments of the SEC with respect
thereto, each of RSP and Concho has agreed to (i) provide the other with a reasonable opportunity to review and comment on such document or
response (including the proposed final version of such document or response), (ii) include in such document or response all comments reasonably and
promptly proposed by the other and (iii) not file or mail such document or respond to the SEC prior to receiving the approval of the other, which
approval will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Concho and RSP have agreed to make all necessary filings with respect to the merger and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement
under the Securities Act, the Exchange Act and applicable blue sky laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Each party will advise the other,
promptly after it receives notice thereof, of the time when the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, has
become effective or any supplement or amendment has been filed, the issuance of any stop order, the suspension of the qualification of the Concho
common stock issuable in connection with the merger for offering or sale in any jurisdiction. Each of RSP and Concho will use reasonable best efforts to
have any such stop order or suspension lifted, reversed or otherwise terminated.
 

-143-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 155/219

Table of Contents

If at any time prior to the effective time of the merger, any information relating to Concho or RSP, or any of their respective affiliates, officers or
directors, should be discovered by Concho or RSP that should be set forth in an amendment or supplement to the registration statement, of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, or this joint proxy statement/prospectus, so that such documents would not include any misstatement of a
material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not
misleading, the party which discovers such information will promptly notify the other party and an appropriate amendment or supplement describing
such information will be promptly filed with the SEC and, to the extent required by applicable law, disseminated to the RSP and Concho stockholders.

Special Meetings

Concho Special Meeting

Concho has agreed to take all action necessary in accordance with applicable laws and the organizational documents of Concho to duly give notice
of, convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the approval of the Concho issuance proposal by Concho stockholders, to
be held as promptly as reasonably practicable after the clearance of this joint proxy statement/prospectus by the SEC and the registration statement, of
which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC (and in any event will use reasonable best efforts to convene
such meeting within 45 days thereof). Except as permitted in the merger agreement, the Concho board must recommend that the stockholders of Concho
vote in favor of the Concho issuance proposal at the Concho special meeting and the Concho board must solicit from Concho stockholders proxies in
favor of the Concho issuance proposal, and this joint proxy statement/prospectus is required to include such recommendation of the Concho board.

Concho (i) will be required to adjourn or postpone the Concho special meeting to the extent necessary to ensure that any legally required
supplement or amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is provided to the Concho stockholders or if, as of the time the Concho special
meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Concho common stock represented to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct business at the
Concho special meeting, and (ii) may adjourn or postpone the Concho special meeting if, as of the time for which the Concho special meeting is
scheduled, there are insufficient shares of Concho common stock represented to obtain the approval of the Concho issuance proposal. However, the
Concho special meeting will not be adjourned or postponed to a date that is more than ten business days after the date for which the Concho special
meeting was previously scheduled (though the Concho special meeting may be adjourned or postponed every time the circumstances described in
(i) exist, and, with RSP’s consent, every time the circumstances described in (ii) exist) or to a date on or after two business days prior to October 31,
2018.

If requested by RSP, Concho will promptly provide all voting tabulation reports relating to the Concho special meeting and will otherwise keep
RSP reasonably informed regarding the status of the solicitation and any material oral or written communications from or to Concho’s stockholders with
respect thereto. Unless there has been a Concho recommendation change, the parties agree to cooperate and use their reasonable best efforts to defend
against any efforts by any of Concho’s stockholders or any other person to prevent the approval of the Concho issuance proposal by Concho
stockholders.

Once Concho has established a record date for the Concho special meeting, Concho may not change such record date or establish a different
record date for the Concho special meeting without the prior written consent of RSP (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or
delayed), unless required to do so by applicable law or its organizational documents or in connection with a postponement or adjournment permitted
under the merger agreement. Concho has agreed that its obligations to hold the Concho special meeting will not be affected by the making of a Concho
recommendation change and such obligations will not be affected by the commencement, announcement, disclosure, or communication to Concho of
any Concho competing proposal or other proposal or the occurrence or disclosure of any Concho intervening event.
 

-144-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 156/219

Table of Contents

RSP Special Meeting

RSP has agreed to take all action necessary in accordance with applicable laws and the organizational documents of RSP to duly give notice of,
convene and hold a meeting of its stockholders for the purpose of obtaining the approval of the merger proposal by RSP stockholders, to be held as
promptly as reasonably practicable after the clearance of this joint proxy statement/prospectus by the SEC and the registration statement, of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC (and in any event will use reasonable best efforts to convene such
meeting within 45 days thereof). Except as permitted in the merger agreement, the RSP board must recommend that the stockholders of RSP vote in
favor of the merger proposal and the RSP board must solicit from RSP stockholders proxies in favor of the merger proposal, and this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is required to include such recommendation of the RSP board.

RSP (i) will be required to adjourn or postpone the RSP special meeting to the extent necessary to ensure that any legally required supplement or
amendment to this joint proxy statement/prospectus is provided to the RSP stockholders or if, as of the time the RSP special meeting is scheduled, there
are insufficient shares of RSP common stock represented to constitute a quorum necessary to conduct business at the RSP special meeting, and (ii) may
adjourn or postpone the RSP special meeting if, as of the time for which the RSP special meeting is scheduled, there are insufficient shares of RSP
common stock represented to obtain the approval of the merger proposal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the RSP special meeting will not be adjourned
or postponed to a date that is more than 10 business days after the date for which the RSP special meeting was previously scheduled (though the RSP
special meeting may be adjourned or postponed every time the circumstances described in (i) exist, and, with Concho’s consent, every time the
circumstances described in (ii) exist) or to a date on or after two business days prior to October 31, 2018.

If requested by Concho, RSP will promptly provide all voting tabulation reports relating to the RSP special meeting and will otherwise keep
Concho reasonably informed regarding the status of the solicitation and any material oral or written communications from or to RSP’s stockholders with
respect thereto. Unless there has been a RSP recommendation change, the parties agree to cooperate and use their reasonable best efforts to defend
against any efforts by any of RSP’s stockholders or any other person to prevent the approval of the merger proposal by RSP stockholders.

Once RSP has established a record date for the RSP special meeting, RSP may not change such record date or establish a different record date for
the RSP special meeting without the prior written consent of Concho (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed), unless
required to do so by applicable law or its organizational documents or in connection with a postponement or adjournment permitted under the merger
agreement. Without the prior written consent of Concho or as required by applicable law, (i) the merger proposal will be the only matter (other than a
non-binding advisory proposal regarding compensation that may be paid or become payable to the named executive officers of RSP in connection with
the merger and matters of procedure) that RSP may propose to be acted on by the RSP stockholders at the RSP special meeting and (ii) RSP may not
call any meeting of the RSP stockholders other than the RSP special meeting. RSP has agreed that its obligation to hold the RSP special meeting will not
be affected by the making of a RSP recommendation change and such obligations will not be affected by the commencement, announcement, disclosure
or communication to RSP of any RSP competing proposal or other proposal (including a RSP superior proposal) or the occurrence or disclosure of any
RSP intervening event.

Timing of Special Meetings

Concho and RSP are required to cooperate and use their reasonable best efforts to schedule and convene the Concho special meeting and the RSP
special meeting on the same day, and to establish the same record date for both the Concho special meeting and the RSP special meeting.
 

-145-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 157/219

Table of Contents

Access to Information

Subject to applicable law and certain other exceptions set forth in the merger agreement, RSP and Concho have each agreed to (and to cause its
subsidiaries to), upon request by the other, furnish the other with all information concerning itself, its subsidiaries, directors, officers and stockholders
and such other matters as may be reasonably necessary or advisable in connection with this joint proxy statement/prospectus, the registration statement,
of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, or any other statement, filing, notice or application made by or on behalf of Concho, RSP or
any of their respective subsidiaries to any third party or any governmental entity in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement.

RSP has agreed to, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to, afford to Concho and its representatives, during the period prior to the earlier of the
effective time of the merger and the termination of the merger agreement, reasonable access, at reasonable times upon reasonable prior notice, to the
officers, key employees, agents, properties, offices and other facilities of RSP and its subsidiaries and to their books, records, contracts and documents
and to, and to cause each of its subsidiaries to, furnish reasonably promptly to Concho and its representatives such information concerning its and its
subsidiaries’ business, properties, contracts, records and personnel as may be reasonably requested, from time to time, by or on behalf of Concho.
Concho and its representatives are required to conduct any such activities in such a manner as not to interfere unreasonably with the business or
operations of RSP or its subsidiaries or otherwise cause any unreasonable interference with the prompt and timely discharge by the employees of RSP or
its subsidiaries of their normal duties.

HSR and Other Regulatory Approvals

Except for the filings and notifications made pursuant to antitrust laws (as defined below), promptly after March 27, 2018, the parties have agreed
to prepare and file with the appropriate governmental entities and other third parties all authorizations, consents, notifications, certifications,
registrations, declarations and filings that are necessary in order to consummate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement and to diligently
and expeditiously prosecute, and cooperate fully with each other in the prosecution of, such matters. However, in no event will either RSP or Concho or
any of their respective affiliates be required to pay any consideration to any third parties or give anything of value to obtain any such person’s
authorization, approval, consent or waiver to effectuate the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, other than filing, recordation or similar
fees. Concho and RSP will have the right to review in advance and, to the extent reasonably practicable, each will consult with the other on and consider
in good faith the views of the other in connection with, all of the information relating to Concho or RSP, as applicable, and any of their respective
subsidiaries, that appears in any filing made with, or written materials submitted to, any third party or any governmental entity in connection with the
transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (including this joint proxy statement/prospectus). RSP and its subsidiaries will not agree to any
actions, restrictions or conditions with respect to obtaining any consents, registrations, approvals, permits, expirations of waiting periods or
authorizations in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement without the prior written consent of Concho (which consent,
subject to certain commitments relating to antitrust laws, may be withheld in Concho’s sole discretion).

As promptly as reasonably practicable after March 27, 2018, but in no event later than 15 business days after March 27, 2018, each of the parties
will make any filings required under the HSR Act. As promptly as reasonably practicable, the parties have agreed to make the filings and notifications as
may be required by foreign competition laws and merger regulations (which we refer to as “competition law notifications”). Each of Concho and RSP
will cooperate fully with each other and will furnish to the other such necessary information and reasonable assistance as the other may reasonably
request in connection with its preparation of any filings under any applicable antitrust laws. Concho and RSP will each use its reasonable best efforts to
respond to and comply with any request for information from any governmental entity charged with enforcing, applying, administering or investigating
the HSR Act, any competition law notifications or any other law designed to prohibit, restrict or regulate actions for the purpose or effect of mergers,
monopolization, restraining trade or abusing a dominant position (which we refer to collectively as “antitrust laws”). Concho and RSP have agreed to
 

-146-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 158/219

Table of Contents

keep each other apprised of the status of any communications with, and any inquiries or requests for additional information from, any governmental
antitrust authority.

Concho has agreed to take any and all action necessary, including, but not limited to, (i) selling or otherwise disposing of, or holding separate and
agreeing to sell or otherwise dispose of, assets, categories of assets or businesses of RSP or Concho or their respective subsidiaries; (ii) terminating
existing relationships, contractual rights or obligations of RSP or Concho or their respective subsidiaries; (iii) terminating any venture or other
arrangement; (iv) creating any relationship, contractual rights or obligations of RSP or Concho or their respective subsidiaries; or (v) effectuating any
other change or restructuring of RSP or Concho or their respective subsidiaries (and, in each case, to enter into agreements or stipulate to the entry of an
order or decree or file appropriate applications with any governmental antitrust authority in connection with any of the foregoing and in the case of
actions by or with respect to RSP or its subsidiaries or its or their businesses or assets) (we refer to each of the foregoing as a “divestiture action”) to
ensure that no governmental entity enters any order, decision, judgment, decree, ruling or injunction (preliminary or permanent), or establishes any law
or other action preliminarily or permanently restraining, enjoining or prohibiting the consummation of the merger, or to ensure that no governmental
antitrust authority with the authority to clear, authorize or otherwise approve the consummation of the merger fails to do so by October 31, 2018.
However, none of Concho or any of its subsidiaries is required to take or agree to take any divestiture action or other action that would reasonably be
expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition or operations of Concho and its
subsidiaries from and after the effective time of the merger (but, for purposes of determining whether any effect is material, calculated as if Concho and
its subsidiaries from and after the effective time of the merger were collectively the same size as RSP and its subsidiaries prior to the effective time of
the merger), taken as a whole (which we refer to as a “regulatory material adverse effect”).

In no event will Concho have to take or agree to take any divestiture action or other action (other than non-material actions) with respect to
Concho and its subsidiaries (other than with respect to RSP and its subsidiaries (from and after the effective time of the merger)). RSP is required to
agree to take any divestiture action requested by Concho if such actions are only effective after the effective time of the merger and conditioned upon
the consummation of the merger. In the event that any divestiture action is proposed by or acceptable to a governmental entity, Concho will have the
right to determine the manner in which to implement the requirement of such governmental entity (but in no event will Concho or RSP (or any of their
respective subsidiaries or other affiliates) be required to take or effect any such action that is not conditioned upon the consummation of the merger).

Concho has agreed to consult with RSP and give consideration to the views of RSP on all matters relating to any possible divestiture action. In the
event that any action is threatened or instituted challenging the merger as violative of any antitrust law, Concho will take such action, including any
divestiture action, as may be necessary to avoid, resist or resolve such action (but in no event will Concho be required to make or agree to take any
divestiture action that would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the aggregate, a regulatory material adverse effect).

Concho will be entitled to direct any proceedings with any antitrust authority. However, Concho has agreed to afford RSP a reasonable
opportunity to participate in any such proceedings. In addition, but subject to the above limitations, in the event that any permanent or preliminary
injunction or other order is entered or becomes reasonably foreseeable to be entered in any proceeding that would make consummation of the merger in
accordance with the terms of the merger agreement unlawful or that would restrain, enjoin or otherwise prevent or materially delay the consummation of
the merger, Concho will take promptly any and all steps necessary to vacate, modify or suspend such injunction or order so as to permit such
consummation prior to October 31, 2018.

Concho and Merger Sub have each agreed not to take any action that could reasonably be expected to hinder or delay in any material respect the
obtaining of clearance or the expiration of the required waiting period under the HSR Act, any competition law notifications or any other applicable
antitrust law.
 

-147-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 159/219

Table of Contents

Employee Matters

For a period of 12 months following the closing date, each individual who is employed as of the closing date by RSP or its subsidiaries and who
remains employed by Concho or its subsidiaries (including the surviving corporation) (which we refer to as a “continuing employee”) will be provided
with the following by Concho:
 

 •  base salary or base wage, as applicable, no less favorable than that in effect for the employee immediately prior to the closing date;
 

 
•  annual cash bonus and equity compensation opportunities at targets that are no less favorable, in each respect, than those in effect for the

employee immediately prior to the closing date; and
 

 
•  employee benefits (including retirement plan participation) that are no less favorable in the aggregate than those in effect for the employee

immediately prior to the closing date.

Continuing employees, other than participants in the RSP Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan, will also be eligible to receive
cash severance payments based on years of service with RSP upon a qualifying termination that occurs prior to the six-month anniversary of the closing
date.

Following the closing date, continuing employees will receive retention awards in the form of restricted shares of Concho common stock granted
under Concho’s stock plan, with such shares vesting subject to continued employment with Concho or its subsidiaries for 12 months following the
closing date. A continuing employee’s retention award will be forfeited should the employee be severed prior to vesting, and cash severance in an
amount equal to such employees’ annual base salary or annualized rate of pay as of the determination date will be paid upon a qualifying termination
that occurs on or after the six-month anniversary, and before the 12-month anniversary, of the closing date.

If requested in writing by Concho prior to the effective time of the merger, RSP will terminate RSP’s participation in the defined contribution
retirement plan in which the RSP is a participating employer (which we refer to as the “RSP 401(k) Plan”). Concho will permit each eligible continuing
employee to become a participant, as of the closing date, in the tax-qualified defined contribution retirement plan designated by Concho (which we refer
to as the “Concho 401(k) Plan”) and make rollover contributions of “eligible rollover distributions” (within the meaning of Section 401(a)(31) of the
Internal Revenue Code) in cash in an amount equal to the full account balance distributed or distributable to such continuing employee from the RSP
401(k) Plan to the Concho 401(k) Plan, including outstanding loans.

In addition, Concho has agreed to:
 

 

•  use commercially reasonable efforts to give each continuing employee service credit for such continuing employee’s employment with RSP
and its subsidiaries for purposes of vesting, eligibility and benefit accrual under each applicable Concho benefit plan, to the same extent and
for the same purposes that such service was taken into account under a corresponding RSP benefit plan prior to the closing date, except for
benefit accrual under defined benefit pension plans, retiree medical benefits, disability benefits or to the extent it would result in a
duplication of benefits;

 

 

•  use commercially reasonable efforts to cause any pre-existing conditions, eligibility waiting periods, active employment requirements and
requirements to show evidence of good health under any group health plans of Concho or its affiliates to be waived with respect to the
continuing employees and their eligible dependents to the extent such conditions, periods or requirements are satisfied or waived under a
RSP benefit plan;

 

 
•  use commercially reasonable efforts to give each continuing employee credit for the plan year in which the closing date occurs towards

applicable deductibles and annual out-of-pocket limits for medical expenses incurred prior to the closing date for which payment has been
made;

 

 •  assume and honor obligations under the RSP Executive Change in Control and Severance Benefit Plan; and
 

-148-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 160/219

Table of Contents

 
•  assume and honor all unused vacation and other paid time off days accrued or earned by each continuing employee as of the closing date for

the calendar year in which the closing date occurs.

Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

Concho and the surviving corporation have agreed to, jointly and severally, indemnify, defend and hold harmless each indemnified person against
all indemnified liabilities, including all indemnified liabilities based in whole or in part on, or arising in whole or in part out of, or pertaining to the
merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, in each case to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law (and
Concho and the surviving corporation will, jointly and severally, pay expenses incurred in connection therewith in advance of the final disposition of
any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation to each indemnified person to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law).

In the event any such claim, action, suit, proceeding or investigation is brought or threatened to be brought against any indemnified persons
(whether arising before or after the effective time of the merger), (i) the indemnified persons may retain RSP’s regularly engaged legal counsel or other
counsel satisfactory to them, and Concho and the surviving corporation have agreed to pay all reasonable fees and expenses of such counsel for the
indemnified persons as promptly as statements therefor are received, and (ii) Concho and the surviving corporation have agreed to use their best efforts
to assist in the defense of any such matter.

Concho and the surviving corporation will not amend, repeal or otherwise modify any provision in the organizational documents of the surviving
corporation in any manner that would (or manage the surviving corporation or its subsidiaries with the intent to or in a manner that would) affect
adversely the rights thereunder or under the organizational documents of the surviving corporation or any of its subsidiaries of any indemnified person
to indemnification, exculpation and advancement except to the extent required by applicable law. Concho has agreed to, and will cause the surviving
corporation to, fulfill and honor any indemnification, expense advancement or exculpation agreements between Concho or any of its subsidiaries and
any of its directors or officers existing and in effect prior to March 27, 2018.

Concho and the surviving corporation will indemnify any indemnified person against all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable
attorneys’ fees and expenses), such amounts to be payable in advance upon request as provided in the merger agreement, relating to the enforcement of
such indemnified person’s rights under the merger agreement or under any charter, bylaw or contract regardless of whether such indemnified person is
ultimately determined to be entitled to indemnification thereunder.

Concho and the surviving corporation will cause to be put in place, and Concho will fully prepay immediately prior to the effective time of the
merger, “tail” insurance policies with a claims period equal to the tail period from an insurance carrier with the same or better credit rating as RSP’s
current insurance carrier with respect to directors’ and officers’ liability insurance in an amount and scope at least as favorable as RSP’s existing policies
with respect to matters, acts or omissions existing or occurring at or prior to, but not after, the effective time of the merger. In no event will the aggregate
cost of the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance exceed during the tail period 300% of the current aggregate annual premium paid by RSP for such
purpose. If the cost of such insurance coverage exceeds such amount, the surviving corporation has agreed to obtain a policy with the greatest coverage
available for a cost not exceeding such amount.

In the event that Concho or the surviving corporation or any of its successors or assignees (i) consolidates with or merges into any other person
and neither Concho or the surviving company, as applicable, is the continuing or surviving corporation or entity of such consolidation or merger or
(ii) transfers all or substantially all of its properties and assets to any person, then, in each such case, Concho has agreed to make proper provisions so
that the successors and assigns of Concho or the surviving corporation, as the case may be, will assume the indemnification, insurance coverage and
expense advancement obligations set forth in the merger agreement.
 

-149-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 161/219

Table of Contents

Transaction Litigation

In the event of any litigation or other legal proceedings by any governmental entity or other person in relation to the merger agreement, the merger
or other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement that is commenced or, to the knowledge of Concho or RSP, is threatened, the relevant party
will notify the other party of any such litigation and keep that party reasonably informed of its status. RSP has agreed to give Concho a reasonable
opportunity to participate in RSP’s defense or settlement of any transaction litigation against RSP, and will consider in good faith Concho’s advice with
respect to such litigation. RSP has agreed that it will not settle or offer to settle any litigation commenced against RSP without the prior written consent
of Concho, which may not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

Public Announcements

Any party to the merger agreement, its subsidiaries or their representatives may issue a public announcement or other public disclosures
(i) required by applicable law, (ii) required by the rules of any stock exchange upon which such party’s or its subsidiary’s capital stock is traded or
(iii) consistent with the final form of the joint press release announcing the merger and the investor presentation given to investors on the morning of
March 28, 2018. However, in each case, such party must use its reasonable best efforts to afford the other party an opportunity to first review the content
of the proposed disclosure and provide reasonable comments thereon. The merger agreement does not restrict a party’s ability to communicate with its
employees, with the exception that prior to making any written communications to the directors, officers or employees of RSP or any of its subsidiaries
pertaining to compensation or benefit matters that are affected by the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, RSP has agreed to provide
Concho with a copy of the intended communication and a reasonable period of time to review and comment on the communication, and RSP will
consider any timely comments in good faith.

Advice of Certain Matters

Subject to compliance with applicable law, RSP and Concho, as the case may be, have agreed to confer on a regular basis with each other and will
promptly advise each other orally and in writing of any change or event having, or which would be reasonably likely to have, individually or in the
aggregate, RSP material adverse effect or a Concho material adverse effect, as the case may be. Except with respect to antitrust laws, RSP and Concho
have agreed to promptly provide each other (or their respective counsel) with copies of all filings made by such party or its subsidiaries with the SEC or
any other governmental entity in connection with the merger agreement and the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Transfer Taxes

Generally, all transfer, documentary, sales, use, stamp, registration and other similar taxes and fees imposed with respect to the merger or the
transfer of shares of RSP common stock pursuant to the merger will be borne by Concho or RSP and expressly will not be a liability of holders of shares
of RSP common stock. Concho and RSP have agreed to cooperate, in good faith, in the filing of any tax returns with respect to transfer taxes and the
minimization, to the extent reasonably permissible under applicable law, of the amount of any transfer taxes.

Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification

Concho and RSP have agreed to use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and to do, or cause to be done, and to assist
and cooperate with the other in doing, all things necessary, proper or advisable to consummate and make effective, in the most expeditious manner
reasonably practicable, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Concho and RSP have agreed, subject to applicable law and as otherwise required by any governmental entity, to keep the other apprised of the
status of matters relating to the completion of the merger, including
 

-150-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 162/219

Table of Contents

promptly furnishing the other with copies of notices or other communications received by Concho or RSP, as applicable, or any of its subsidiaries, from
any third party or any governmental entity with respect to the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement (including those alleging that the
approval or consent of such person is or may be required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement).

Section 16 Matters

Prior to the effective time of the merger, the parties have agreed to take all such steps as may be required to cause any dispositions of equity
securities of RSP or acquisitions of equity securities of Concho in connection with the merger agreement by each individual who is subject to the
reporting requirements of Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act with respect to RSP, or will become subject to such reporting requirements with respect to
Concho, to be exempt under Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act.

Stock Exchange Listing and Delisting

Concho will take all action necessary to cause the shares of Concho common stock to be issued in the merger to be approved for listing on the
NYSE prior to the effective time of the merger.

Prior to the closing date, RSP will cooperate with Concho and use reasonable best efforts to take, or cause to be taken, all actions, and do or cause
to be done all things, reasonably necessary, proper or advisable on its part under applicable law and rules and policies of the NYSE to enable the
delisting by the surviving corporation of the shares of RSP common stock from the NYSE and the deregistration of the shares of RSP common stock
under the Exchange Act as promptly as practicable after the effective time of the merger, and in any event no more than 10 days after the effective time
of the merger. If the surviving corporation is required to file any quarterly or annual report pursuant to the Exchange Act by a filing deadline that is
imposed by the Exchange Act and which falls on a date within the 15 days following the closing date, RSP is required make available to Concho, at
least 10 business days prior to the closing date, a substantially final draft of any such annual or quarterly report reasonably likely to be required to be
filed during such period.

Financing Cooperation

From March 27, 2018 through the earlier of the effective time of the merger and the date on which the merger agreement is terminated, RSP will,
and will cause each of its subsidiaries and use reasonable best efforts to cause its and their representatives (including their auditors) to, use its respective
reasonable best efforts to provide all customary cooperation (including providing reasonably available financial and other information regarding RSP
and its subsidiaries for use in marketing and offering documents and to enable Concho to prepare pro forma financial statements) as reasonably
requested by Concho to assist Concho in the arrangement of any bank debt financing or any capital markets debt financing for the purposes of financing
any repayment or refinancing of debt contemplated by the merger agreement or required in connection with the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement and any other amounts required to be paid in connection with the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.
Subject to certain exceptions, Concho has also agreed to indemnify, defend and hold harmless RSP, its subsidiaries and its and their respective
representatives from and against any and all losses, damages, claims and reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses (including
reasonable fees and expenses of one outside legal counsel, accountants, investment bankers, experts, consultants and other advisors, and the costs of all
filing fees and printing costs) actually suffered or incurred by them in connection with such financing cooperation. In addition, Concho has agreed to,
promptly upon written request by RSP, reimburse the RSP for all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses incurred by RSP or its
subsidiaries in connection with such financing cooperation.

Tax Matters

Each of Concho and RSP have agreed to use its reasonable best efforts to cause the merger to qualify, and will not take (and will use its reasonable
best efforts to prevent any affiliate of such party from taking) any
 

-151-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 163/219

Table of Contents

actions that would reasonably be expected to prevent the merger from qualifying, as a reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the
Internal Revenue Code. Each of Concho and RSP will comply, to the extent reasonably expected to be necessary to cause the merger to qualify as a
reorganization under the provisions of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code, with all representations, warranties, and covenants contained in the
Concho tax certificate and RSP tax certificate, respectively.

Concho and RSP have agreed to cooperate with one another to facilitate the issuance of the opinions of counsel referred to in “The Merger
Agreement—Conditions to the Completion of the Merger” beginning on page 152, including, in connection therewith, each delivering to such counsel
duly executed certificates containing such representations, warranties and covenants as are reasonably necessary or appropriate to enable such counsel to
render the opinions, in each case dated as of the closing date (and, if requested, dated as of the date on which the registration statement, of which this
joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC), and providing such other information as reasonably requested by each
counsel for purposes of rendering the opinions.

Takeover Laws

Each party to the merger agreement has agreed that it will not take any action that would cause the transactions contemplated by the merger
agreement to be subject to the requirements imposed by any “fair price,” “moratorium,” “control share acquisition,” “business combination” or any
other anti-takeover statute or similar statute enacted under applicable law, and each of them will take all reasonable steps within its control to exempt (or
ensure the continued exemption of) the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement from any such takeover law that purports to apply to the
merger agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement.

Obligations of Merger Sub

Concho has agreed to take all action necessary to cause Merger Sub and the surviving corporation to perform their respective obligations under the
merger agreement.

RSP Corporate Offices

For a period of no less than one year following the closing date, Concho has agreed to maintain a meaningful business presence in RSP’s current
corporate offices in Dallas, Texas.

Conditions to the Completion of the Merger

Mutual Conditions

The respective obligations of Concho, RSP and Merger Sub to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the effective
time of the merger of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived jointly by Concho, RSP and Merger Sub, in whole or in part, to the
extent permitted by applicable law:
 

 
•  Concho Stockholder Approval. The Concho issuance proposal must have been approved in accordance with applicable law and the Concho

organizational documents, as applicable.
 

 
•  RSP Stockholder Approval. The merger proposal must have been approved in accordance with applicable law and the RSP organizational

documents, as applicable.
 

 
•  Regulatory Approval. Any waiting period under the HSR Act applicable to the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger

agreement must have expired or been terminated.
 

 
•  No Injunctions or Restraints. Any governmental entity having jurisdiction over Concho, RSP and Merger Sub must not have issued any

order, decree, ruling, injunction or other action that is in effect
 

-152-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 164/219

Table of Contents

 
(whether temporary, preliminary or permanent) restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger, and any law
that makes the consummation of the merger illegal or otherwise prohibited must not have been adopted.

 

 
•  Effectiveness of the Registration Statement. The registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, must

have been declared effective by the SEC under the Securities Act and must not be the subject of any stop order or proceedings seeking a stop
order.

 

 
•  NYSE Listing. The shares of Concho common stock issuable to RSP stockholders pursuant to the merger agreement must have been

authorized for listing on the NYSE, upon official notice of issuance.

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of Concho

The obligations of Concho and Merger Sub to consummate the merger are subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the merger
of the following conditions, any or all of which may be waived exclusively by Concho, in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by applicable law:
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of RSP set forth in the merger agreement regarding organization, standing and power, capital
structure, authority and absence of certain changes or events must have been true and correct as of March 27, 2018 and shall be true and
correct as of the closing date, as though made on and as of the closing date (except, with respect to certain representations and warranties
regarding capital stock, for any de minimis inaccuracies) (except that representations and warranties that speak as of a specified date or
period of time must have been true and correct only as of such date or period of time);

 

 

•  certain other representations and warranties of RSP set forth in the merger agreement relating to capital structure must have been true and
correct in all material respects as of March 27, 2018 and must be true and correct in all material respects as of the closing date, as though
made on and as of the closing date (except that representations and warranties that speak as of a specified date or period of time must have
been true and correct in all material respects only as of such date or period of time);

 

 

•  all other representations and warranties of RSP set forth in the merger agreement must have been true and correct as of March 27, 2018 and
must be true and correct as of the closing date, as though made on and as of the closing date (except that representations and warranties that
speak as of a specified date or period of time must have been true and correct only as of such date or period of time), except where the
failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without regard to qualification or exceptions contained therein as to
“materiality,” “in all material respects” or “RSP material adverse effect”) would not reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a RSP material adverse effect;

 

 
•  RSP must have performed, or complied with, in all material respects, all agreements and covenants required to be performed or complied

with by it under the merger agreement on or prior to the effective time of the merger;
 

 
•  Concho must have received a certificate of RSP signed by an executive officer of RSP, dated as of the closing date, confirming that the

conditions in the four bullets above have been satisfied; and
 

 

•  Concho must have received an opinion from Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to Concho, dated as
of the closing date (and, if requested, dated as of the date on which the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus
forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC), to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions set forth or
referred to in such opinion, the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
In rendering the opinion, Sullivan & Cromwell LLP must have received and may rely upon the duly executed certificate of Concho
containing such representations, warranties and covenants as will be reasonably necessary or appropriate and the duly executed certificate of
RSP containing such representations, warranties and

 
-153-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 165/219

Table of Contents

 
covenants as will be reasonably necessary or appropriate and such other information reasonably requested by and provided to it by RSP or
Concho for purposes of rendering such opinion.

Additional Conditions to the Obligations of RSP

The obligation of RSP to consummate the merger is subject to the satisfaction at or prior to the effective time of the merger of the following
conditions, any or all of which may be waived exclusively by RSP, in whole or in part, to the extent permitted by applicable law:
 

 

•  certain representations and warranties of Concho and Merger Sub set forth in the merger agreement regarding organization, standing and
power, capital structure, authority and absence of certain changes or events must have been true and correct as of March 27, 2018 and must
be true and correct as of the closing date, as though made on and as of the closing date (except, with respect to certain representations and
warranties regarding capital stock, for any de minimis inaccuracies) (except that representations and warranties that speak as of a specified
date or period of time will have been true and correct only as of such date or period of time);

 

 

•  certain other representations and warranties of Concho set forth in the merger agreement relating to capital structure must have been true and
correct in all material respects as of March 27, 2018 and must be true and correct in all material respects as of the closing date, as though
made on and as of the closing date (except that representations and warranties that speak as of a specified date or period of time will have
been true and correct in all material respects only as of such date or period of time);

 

 

•  all other representations and warranties of Concho and Merger Sub set forth in the merger agreement must have been true and correct as of
March 27, 2018 and must be true and correct as of the closing date, as though made on and as of the closing date (except that representations
and warranties that speak as of a specified date or period of time must have been true and correct only as of such date or period of time),
except where the failure of such representations and warranties to be so true and correct (without regard to qualification or exceptions
contained therein as to “materiality,” “in all material respects” or “Concho material adverse effect”) that would not reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Concho material adverse effect;

 

 
•  Concho and Merger Sub each must have performed, or complied with, in all material respects, all agreements and covenants required to be

performed or complied with by them under the merger agreement at or prior to the effective time of the merger;
 

 
•  RSP must have received a certificate of Concho signed by an executive officer of Concho, dated as of the closing date, confirming that the

conditions in the four bullets above have been satisfied; and
 

 

•  RSP must have received an opinion from Vinson & Elkins LLP, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to RSP, dated as of the closing
date (and, if requested, dated as of the date on which the registration statement, of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus supplement
forms a part, is declared effective by the SEC), to the effect that, on the basis of the facts, representations and assumptions set forth or
referred to in such opinion, the merger will qualify as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.
In rendering the opinion described in this bullet, Vinson & Elkins LLP must have received and may rely upon the duly executed certificate
of Concho containing such representations, warranties and covenants as will be reasonably necessary or appropriate and the duly executed
certificate of RSP containing such representations, warranties and covenants as will be reasonably necessary or appropriate and such other
information reasonably requested by and provided to it by RSP or Concho for purposes of rendering such opinion.

Frustration of Closing Conditions

None of Concho, RSP or Merger Sub may rely, either as a basis for not consummating the merger or for terminating the merger agreement, on the
failure of any condition set forth above, as the case may be, to be
 

-154-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 166/219

Table of Contents

satisfied if such failure was caused by such party’s breach in any material respect of any provision of the merger agreement.

Termination

Termination Rights

Concho and RSP may terminate the merger agreement and abandon the merger at any time prior to the effective time of the merger by mutual
written consent of Concho and RSP.

The merger agreement may also be terminated by either Concho or RSP at any time prior to the effective time of the merger in any of the
following situations:
 

 

•  if any governmental entity having jurisdiction over any party has issued any order, decree, ruling or injunction or taken any other action
permanently restraining, enjoining or otherwise prohibiting the consummation of the merger and such order, decree, ruling or injunction or
other action has become final and nonappealable, or if any law has been adopted that permanently makes the consummation of the merger
illegal or otherwise permanently prohibited, so long as the terminating party has not breached any material covenant or agreement under the
merger agreement that has caused or resulted in such order, decree, ruling or injunction or other action;

 

 
•  if the merger has not been consummated on or before October 31, 2018, so long as the terminating party has not failed to fulfill any material

covenant or agreement under the merger agreement where such failure caused or resulted in the failure of the merger to occur on or before
such date (which we refer to as the “end date termination event”);

 

 

•  in the event of a breach by the other party of any representation, warranty, covenant or other agreement contained in the merger agreement
which would give rise to the failure of an applicable closing condition (and such breach is not curable prior to October 31, 2018, or if
curable prior to October 31, 2018, has not been cured by the earlier of (i) 30 days after the giving of written notice to the breaching party of
such breach and (ii) two business days prior to October 31, 2018) (which, in the case of a breach by RSP, we refer to as a “RSP breach
termination event” and, in the case of a breach by Concho, we refer to as a “Concho breach termination event”); or

 

 

•  if (i) the RSP stockholders do not approve the merger proposal upon a vote held at a duly held RSP special meeting, or at any adjournment
or postponement of the RSP special meeting (which we refer to as a “RSP stockholder approval termination event”), or (ii) the Concho
stockholders do not approve the Concho issuance proposal upon a vote held at a duly held Concho special meeting, or at any adjournment or
postponement of the Concho special meeting (which we refer to as a “Concho stockholder approval termination event”).

In addition, the merger agreement may be terminated by Concho:
 

 
•  if prior to, but not after, the approval of the merger proposal by RSP stockholders, the RSP board or a committee of the RSP board has

effected a RSP recommendation change, other than as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho
takeover proposal; or

 

 
•  if RSP, its subsidiaries or any of RSP’s directors or executive officers has willfully and materially breached RSP’s “no solicitation”

obligations under the merger agreement as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation” beginning on page 135 (which we refer to as a “RSP no solicitation breach termination event”).

Further, the merger agreement may be terminated by RSP:
 

 
•  if prior to, but not after, the approval of the merger proposal by RSP stockholders, the RSP board has entered into a definitive agreement

with respect to a RSP superior proposal, so long as RSP has
 

-155-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 167/219

Table of Contents

 
contemporaneously with such termination tendered payment to Concho of the termination fee (as defined below) and RSP has complied
with the match right and “no solicitation” obligations under the merger agreement with respect to such RSP competing proposal (which we
refer to as a “RSP superior proposal termination event”); or

 

 
•  if prior to, but not after, the approval of the Concho issuance proposal by Concho stockholders, the Concho board or a committee of the

Concho board has effected a Concho recommendation change.

Termination Fees Payable by Concho

The merger agreement requires Concho to pay RSP the reverse termination fee, if:
 

 •  RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho recommendation change;
 

 
•  Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP stockholder approval termination event and on or before such termination

there was a RSP recommendation change as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho takeover
proposal;

 

 

•  (i) (A) Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho stockholder approval termination event, and on or before the date
of any such termination, a Concho competing proposal was publicly announced or publicly disclosed and was not publicly withdrawn
without qualification at least seven business days prior to the Concho special meeting or (B) RSP or Concho terminates the merger
agreement due to an end date termination event or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho breach termination event and
following March 27, 2018 and on or before the date of any such termination, a Concho competing proposal was announced, disclosed or
otherwise communicated to the Concho board and not withdrawn without qualification at least seven business days prior to the date of such
termination (however, a Concho competing proposal will not be deemed to have been “publicly withdrawn” by any person if, within 12
months of the termination of the merger agreement, Concho or any of its subsidiaries have entered into a definitive agreement with respect
to, or have consummated, or have approved or recommended to the Concho stockholders or otherwise not opposed, in the case of a tender
offer or exchange offer, a Concho competing proposal made by or on behalf of such person or any of its affiliates), and (ii) within 12 months
after the date of such termination, Concho enters into a definitive agreement with respect to a Concho competing proposal (or publicly
approves or recommends to the Concho stockholders or otherwise does not oppose, in the case of a tender or exchange offer, a Concho
competing proposal) or consummates a Concho competing proposal. For purposes of this paragraph, any reference in the definition of
Concho competing proposal to “20%” will be deemed to be a reference to “more than 50%” and any Concho competing proposal made prior
to March 27, 2018 will be deemed to have been made following March 27, 2018 if Concho breaches the “no solicitation” obligations
described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of Recommendation—No Solicitation by Concho” with
respect to such Concho competing proposal.

In no event will Concho be required to pay the reverse termination fee on more than one occasion.

Termination Fees Payable by RSP

The merger agreement requires RSP to pay Concho the termination fee if:
 

 •  RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP superior proposal termination event;
 

 
•  Concho terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP recommendation change (other than as a result of a RSP recommendation change as

a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho takeover proposal) or due to a RSP no solicitation breach
termination event;

 

 
•  (i) (A) Concho or RSP terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP stockholder approval termination event (other than any such

termination following a RSP recommendation change as a result of Concho
 

-156-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 168/219

Table of Contents

 

approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho takeover proposal) and on or before the date of any such termination a RSP
competing proposal was publicly announced or publicly disclosed and not publicly withdrawn without qualification at least seven business
days prior to the RSP special meeting or (B) RSP or Concho terminates the merger agreement due to an end date termination event or
Concho terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP breach termination event and following March 27, 2018 and on or before the date of
any such termination a RSP competing proposal has been announced, disclosed or otherwise communicated to the RSP board and not
withdrawn without qualification at least seven business days prior to the date of such termination (however, a RSP competing proposal will
not be deemed to have been “publicly withdrawn” by any person if, within 12 months of the termination of the merger agreement, RSP or
any of its subsidiaries have entered into a definitive agreement with respect to, or have consummated, or have approved or recommended to
the RSP stockholders or otherwise have not opposed, in the case of a tender offer or exchange offer, a RSP competing proposal made by or
on behalf of such person or any of its affiliates), and (ii) within 12 months after the date of such termination, RSP enters into a definitive
agreement with respect to a RSP competing proposal (or publicly approves or recommends to the RSP stockholders or otherwise does not
oppose, in the case of a tender or exchange offer, a RSP competing proposal) or consummates a RSP competing proposal. For purposes of
this paragraph, any reference in the definition of RSP competing proposal to “20%” will be deemed to be a reference to “more than 50%”
and any RSP competing proposal made prior to March 27, 2018 will be deemed to have been made following March 27, 2018 if RSP
breaches the “no solicitation” obligations described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—No Solicitation; Changes of
Recommendation—No Solicitation by RSP” with respect to such RSP competing proposal.

In no event will RSP be required to pay the termination fee on more than one occasion.

Concho Expenses Payable by RSP

The merger agreement requires RSP to pay Concho an expense reimbursement fee of $50 million (which we refer to as the “Concho expense
reimbursement fee”) if either RSP or Concho terminates the merger agreement due to a RSP stockholder approval termination event (other than any
such termination following a RSP recommendation change as a result of Concho approving, endorsing, recommending or entering into a Concho
takeover proposal). In no event will Concho be entitled to receive more than one payment of the Concho expense reimbursement fee. If Concho receives
the termination fee, then Concho will not be entitled to also receive the Concho expense reimbursement fee.

RSP Expenses Payable by Concho

The merger agreement requires Concho to pay RSP an expense reimbursement fee of $100 million (which we refer to as the “RSP expense
reimbursement fee”) if either RSP or Concho terminates the merger agreement due to a Concho stockholder approval termination event. In no event will
RSP be entitled to receive more than one payment of the RSP expense reimbursement fee. If RSP receives the reverse termination fee, then RSP will not
be entitled to also receive the RSP expense reimbursement fee.

Effect of Termination

In the event of termination of the merger agreement pursuant to the provisions described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Termination” beginning on page 155, the merger agreement (other than certain provisions as set forth in the merger agreement) will become void and of
no effect with no liability on the part of any party to the merger agreement. However, except as otherwise expressly provided in the merger agreement,
no termination of the merger agreement will relieve any party to the merger agreement of any liability or damages to the other parties resulting from any
willful and material breach of the merger agreement.
 

-157-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 169/219

Table of Contents

Expenses

Except as otherwise provided in the merger agreement, whether or not the merger is completed, all costs and expenses incurred in connection with
the merger agreement, the merger and the other transactions contemplated by the merger agreement will be paid by the party incurring the expense.

Specific Performance; Remedies

Concho, RSP and Merger Sub have agreed that each will be entitled to an injunction or injunctions, or any other appropriate form of specific
performance or equitable relief, to prevent breaches of the merger agreement and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of the merger
agreement. Concho, RSP and Merger Sub accordingly have agreed not to raise any objections to the availability of the equitable remedy of specific
performance to prevent or restrain breaches or threatened breaches of, or to enforce compliance with, the covenants and obligations of such party under
the merger agreement.

The monetary remedies and the specific performance remedies set forth in the merger agreement will be the sole and exclusive remedies of
(i) RSP and its subsidiaries against Concho and Merger Sub and any of their respective former, current or future directors, officers, stockholders,
representatives or affiliates for any loss suffered as a result of the failure of the merger to be consummated, except in the case of fraud or a willful and
material breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation (in which case only Concho and Merger Sub will be liable for damages for such fraud or
willful and material breach), and upon payment of such amount, none of Concho or Merger Sub or any of their respective former, current or future
directors, officers, stockholders, representatives or affiliates will have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of the merger agreement
or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except for the liability of Concho in the case of fraud or a willful and material breach of any
covenant, agreement or obligation; and (ii) Concho and Merger Sub against RSP and its subsidiaries and any of their respective former, current or future
directors, officers, stockholders, representatives or affiliates for any loss suffered as a result of the failure of the merger to be consummated, except in
the case of fraud or a willful and material breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation (in which case only RSP will be liable for damages for such
fraud or willful and material breach), and upon payment of such amount, none of RSP and its subsidiaries or any of their respective former, current or
future directors, officers, stockholders, representatives or affiliates will have any further liability or obligation relating to or arising out of the merger
agreement or the transactions contemplated by the merger agreement, except for the liability of RSP in the case of fraud or a willful and material breach
of any covenant, agreement or obligation.

No Third Party Beneficiaries

Nothing in the merger agreement, express or implied, is intended to or confers upon any person other than Concho, RSP and Merger Sub any
right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of the merger agreement, except:
 

 
•  from and after the effective time of the merger, the rights of the holders of shares of RSP common stock, shares of RSP time-based restricted

stock and RSP performance-based restricted stock to receive the merger consideration; and
 

 
•  the right of the indemnified persons to enforce the obligations described under “The Merger Agreement—Indemnification; Directors’ and

Officers’ Insurance” beginning on page 149.

Amendment

The merger agreement may be amended in writing at any time; however, after the approval by RSP stockholders of the merger proposal or the
approval by Concho stockholders of the Concho issuance proposal, no amendment or waiver may be made which requires further approval by RSP
stockholders or Concho stockholders under applicable law unless such further approval is obtained. The merger agreement may not be amended except
by an instrument in writing signed on behalf of each of the parties.
 

-158-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 170/219

Table of Contents

Governing Law

The merger agreement, and all claims or causes of action (whether in contract or tort) that may be based upon, arise out of relate to the merger
agreement, or the negotiation, execution or performance of the merger agreement, are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the
State of Delaware, without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law thereof.
 

-159-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 171/219

Table of Contents

MATERIAL U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE MERGER

The following discussion addresses the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger to U.S. holders (as defined below) of shares
of RSP common stock that exchange their shares of RSP common stock for shares of Concho common stock in the merger. The discussion is based on
the provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, its legislative history, U.S. Treasury regulations, administrative rulings and judicial decisions, all as
currently in effect as of the date hereof and all of which are subject to change (possibly with retroactive effect) and all of which are subject to differing
interpretations. Tax considerations under foreign, state, local or federal laws other than those pertaining to income tax are not addressed in this joint
proxy statement/prospectus.

For purposes of this discussion, the term “U.S. holder” refers to a beneficial owner that is:
 

 •  an individual citizen or resident of the United States;
 

 
•  a corporation (or other entity taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) created or organized under the laws of the

United States or any of its political subdivisions;
 

 
•  a trust that (i) is subject to the supervision of a court within the United States and the control of one or more U.S. persons or (ii) has a valid

election in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations to be treated as a U.S. person; or
 

 •  an estate that is subject to U.S. federal income taxation on its income regardless of its source.

This discussion applies only to RSP stockholders that hold their shares of RSP common stock as a capital asset within the meaning of
Section 1221 of the Internal Revenue Code (generally, property held for investment), and does not address any consequences arising under the unearned
income Medicare contribution tax. This discussion also does not address all aspects of U.S. federal taxation that may be relevant to a particular U.S.
holder in light of its personal circumstances or to U.S. holders subject to special treatment under the U.S. federal income tax laws, including, for
example:
 

 •  financial institutions;
 

 •  pass-through entities and investors in such pass-through entities;
 

 •  persons liable for the alternative minimum tax;
 

 •  insurance companies;
 

 •  tax-exempt organizations;
 

 •  dealers in securities;
 

 •  traders in securities that elect to use a mark-to-market method of accounting;
 

 •  persons that hold shares of RSP common stock as part of a straddle, hedge, constructive sale or conversion transaction;
 

 •  regulated investment companies;
 

 •  real estate investment trusts;
 

 •  persons whose “functional currency” is not the U.S. dollar;
 

 •  persons who are not citizens or residents of the United States;
 

 •  holders who actually or constructively own 5% or more of RSP common stock; and
 

 
•  stockholders who acquired their shares of RSP common stock through the exercise of an employee stock option, as a restricted stock award,

or otherwise as compensation.
 

-160-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 172/219

Table of Contents

If a partnership or other entity taxed as a partnership holds shares of RSP common stock, the tax treatment of a partner in the partnership will
depend upon the status of the partner and the activities of the partner and partnership. Partnerships and partners in such a partnership should consult their
tax advisors about the tax consequences of the merger to them.

The actual tax consequences of the merger to you may be complex and will depend on your specific situation and on factors that are not within
Concho’s or RSP’s control. You should consult with your own tax advisor as to the tax consequences of the merger in your particular circumstances,
including the applicability and effect of the alternative minimum tax and any state, local or foreign and other tax laws and of changes in those laws.

Concho and RSP intend for the merger to be treated as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Code for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. Based on certain representations, covenants and assumptions described below, all of which must continue to be true and accurate
in all material respects as of the effective time of the merger, it is the opinion of Vinson & Elkins LLP and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP that for U.S.
federal income tax purposes the merger will be treated as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code (which
opinion we refer to as the “reorganization opinion”). It is a condition to the obligation of RSP and Concho to complete the merger that each receives a
written opinion from its respective counsel, Vinson & Elkins LLP and Sullivan & Cromwell LLP, dated as of the closing date, confirming this opinion
(which we refer to as the “closing date opinion”).

The reorganization opinions have been, and the closing date opinions will be, based on certain customary assumptions, including the assumption
that the merger will be completed in the manner set forth in the merger agreement and the registration statement on Form S-4 of which this joint proxy
statement/prospectus is a part. Additionally, the reorganization opinions have been, and the closing date opinions will be, based on customary
representations and warranties from Concho and RSP, as well as certain covenants and undertakings by Concho or RSP. The reorganization opinions
have been, and the closing date opinions will also be, based on the assumption that the representations found in the representation letters are, as of the
effective time, true and complete without qualification and that the representation letters are executed by appropriate and authorized officers of Concho
and RSP, as applicable. If any of the assumptions, representations, warranties, covenants or undertakings is or becomes incorrect, incomplete, inaccurate
or is violated, the validity of the opinions described above may be affected and the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger could differ
materially from those described in this joint proxy statement/prospectus.

In addition, the opinions will not be binding on the Internal Revenue Service or any court. Neither Concho nor RSP intends to request any ruling
from the Internal Revenue Service as to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger, and, consequently, there is no guarantee that the
Internal Revenue Service will treat the merger as a “reorganization” within the meaning of Section 368(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or that a court
would not sustain a position to the contrary to any of the positions set forth herein.

Based on the reorganization opinions and subject to the qualifications set forth above, the following are the material U.S. federal income tax
consequences of the merger.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to Concho, Merger Sub and RSP

None of Concho, Merger Sub and RSP will recognize any gain or loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes as a result of the merger.

U.S. Federal Income Tax Consequences to RSP Stockholders

Exchange of Shares of RSP Common Stock for Shares of Concho Common Stock

RSP stockholders who exchange all of their shares of RSP common stock for shares of Concho common stock will not recognize any gain or loss
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash, if any,
 

-161-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 173/219

Table of Contents

they receive upon the sale of a fractional share of Concho common stock (see below for tax treatment of such cash received for a fractional share). Each
RSP stockholder’s aggregate tax basis in the shares of Concho common stock received will be the same as such shares of RSP common stockholder’s
aggregate tax basis in the shares of RSP common stock surrendered in the transaction, reduced by the basis attributable to any fractional share of
Concho common stock deemed sold (as discussed below under the heading “Receipt of Cash Upon the Deemed Sale of a Fractional Share”). The
holding period of the shares of Concho common stock received by a RSP stockholder will include the holding period of the shares of RSP common
stock surrendered. If a RSP stockholder has differing tax bases and/or holding periods in respect of shares of RSP common stock, such RSP
stockholders should consult with a tax advisor with respect to the determination of the tax bases and/or holding periods of the particular shares of
Concho common stock received.

Receipt of Cash Upon the Deemed Sale of a Fractional Share

A U.S. holder of shares of RSP common stock who receives cash in lieu of a fractional share of Concho common stock will be treated as having
received the fractional share pursuant to the merger and then as having sold the fractional share for cash in a redemption by Concho. As a result, such
U.S. holder will generally recognize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount of cash received and the basis in his or her fractional share
interest as set forth above. This gain or loss will generally be capital gain or loss, and will be long-term capital gain or loss if, as of the effective date of
the merger, such U.S. holder’s holding period for such share is greater than one year. For U.S. holders of shares of RSP common stock that are
non-corporate holders, long-term capital gain generally will be taxed at a U.S. federal income tax rate that is lower than the rate for ordinary income or
for short-term capital gains. The deductibility of capital losses is subject to limitations.

Backup Withholding and Information Reporting

Payments of any cash in lieu of a fractional share of Concho common stock are subject to information reporting unless the U.S. holder is an
exempt recipient and may, under certain circumstances, be subject to backup withholding, unless such stockholder provides Concho with its taxpayer
identification number and otherwise complies with the backup withholding rules. Any amounts withheld from payments to a U.S. holder of shares of
RSP common stock under the backup withholding rules are not additional tax and generally will be allowed as a refund or credit against such U.S.
holder’s federal income tax liability; provided that such U.S. holder timely furnishes the required information to the Internal Revenue Service.

A U.S. holder of shares of RSP common stock who receives shares of Concho common stock as a result of the merger will be required to retain
records pertaining to the merger. Each U.S. holder of shares of RSP common stock who is required to file a U.S. federal income tax return and who is a
significant holder (as defined below) that receives shares of Concho common stock in the merger will be required to file a statement with such U.S.
federal income tax return in accordance with Treasury Regulations Section 1.368-3 setting forth information regarding the parties to the merger, the date
of the merger, such holder’s basis in the shares of RSP common stock surrendered and the fair market value of shares of Concho common stock received
in the merger. A “significant holder” is a holder of shares of RSP common stock who, immediately before the merger, owned at least 5% of the
outstanding stock of RSP or securities of RSP with a basis for federal income tax purposes of at least $1 million.

The preceding discussion is intended only as an overview of the material U.S. federal income tax consequences of the merger. It is not a
complete analysis or discussion of all potential tax effects that may be important to you. Thus, you are strongly encouraged to consult your tax
advisor as to the specific tax consequences resulting from the merger, including tax return reporting requirements, the applicability and effect
of federal, state, local and other tax laws and the effect of any proposed changes in the tax laws.
 

-162-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 174/219

Table of Contents

UNAUDITED PRO FORMA COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

On March 27, 2018, Concho Resources Inc. (Concho) and RSP Permian, Inc. (RSP) entered into a definitive merger agreement pursuant to which
Concho will acquire RSP in an all-stock transaction valued at approximately $9.5 billion, inclusive of RSP’s net debt. On the terms and subject to the
conditions contained in the merger agreement and upon the completion of the merger contemplated by the merger agreement, holders of eligible shares
of RSP common stock will receive 0.320 of a share of Concho common stock in exchange for each share of RSP common stock held.

The following unaudited pro forma combined financial statements (which we refer to as the “unaudited pro forma financial statements”) present
the combination of the historical consolidated financial statements of Concho and RSP adjusted to give effect to the merger and related transactions. The
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations (which we refer to as the “unaudited pro forma statements of operations”) for the year ended
December 31, 2017, and for the three months ended March 31, 2018, combine the historical statements of consolidated operations of Concho and RSP,
giving effect to the merger and related transactions as if they had been consummated on January 1, 2017, the beginning of the earliest period presented.
The unaudited pro forma combined balance sheet (which we refer to as the “unaudited pro forma balance sheet”) combines the historical consolidated
balance sheets of Concho and RSP as of March 31, 2018, giving effect to the merger as if it had been consummated on March 31, 2018. The historical
consolidated financial statements of RSP have been adjusted to reflect certain reclassifications in order to conform to Concho’s financial statement
presentation.

The unaudited pro forma financial statements reflect the following merger-related pro forma adjustments, based on available information and
certain assumptions that Concho believes are reasonable:
 

 
•  Concho’s merger with RSP, which will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting, with Concho identified as the acquirer,

which is described in the section entitled “The Merger—Accounting Treatment of the Merger” beginning on page 121;
 

 
•  adjustments to convert RSP’s historical presentation of reserves and revenues from three stream to Concho’s historical presentation of two

stream based on dry natural gas residue sold and the shrink factor related to NGL content, resulting in wet gas volumes produced;
 

 
•  adjustments to conform the classification of expenses in RSP’s historical statements of operations to Concho’s classification for similar

expenses;
 

 
•  adjustments to conform the classification of certain assets and liabilities in RSP’s historical balance sheet to Concho’s classification for

similar assets and liabilities;
 

 •  the assumption of liabilities for transaction-related expenses; and
 

 •  estimated tax impact of pro forma adjustments.

As of the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus, Concho has not completed the detailed valuation study necessary to arrive at the required
final estimates of the fair value of the RSP assets to be acquired and the liabilities to be assumed and the related allocations of purchase price, nor has it
identified all adjustments necessary to conform RSP’s accounting policies to Concho’s accounting policies. A final determination of the fair value of
RSP’s assets and liabilities, including intangible assets with both indefinite or finite lives, will be based on the actual net tangible and intangible assets
and liabilities of RSP that exist as of the closing date of the merger and, therefore, cannot be made prior to the completion of the merger. In addition, the
value of the consideration to be paid by Concho upon the consummation of the merger will be determined based on the closing price of Concho’s
common stock on the closing date of the merger. As a result of the foregoing, the pro forma adjustments are preliminary and are subject to change as
additional information becomes available and as additional analysis is performed. The preliminary pro forma adjustments have been made solely for the
purpose of providing the unaudited pro forma financial statements presented below. Concho estimated the fair value of RSP’s assets and liabilities based
on discussions with RSP’s management, preliminary valuation studies, due
 

-163-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 175/219

Table of Contents

diligence and information presented in RSP’s SEC filings. Until the merger is completed, both companies are limited in their ability to share certain
information. Any increases or decreases in the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed upon completion of the final valuations will result in
adjustments to the unaudited pro forma balance sheet and/or statements of operations. The final purchase price allocation may be materially different
than that reflected in the pro forma purchase price allocation presented herein.

Assumptions and estimates underlying the adjustments to the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements (which we refer to as the “pro
forma adjustments”) are described in the accompanying notes. The historical consolidated financial statements have been adjusted in the unaudited pro
forma combined financial statements to give effect to the merger that are directly attributable to the merger, factually supportable and, with respect to the
unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations, expected to have a continuing impact on the combined results of Concho and RSP following
the merger. The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been presented for illustrative purposes only and are not necessarily indicative
of the operating results and financial position that would have been achieved had the merger occurred on the dates indicated. Further, the unaudited pro
forma financial statements do not purport to project the future operating results or financial position of the combined company following the merger.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements, although helpful in illustrating the financial characteristics of the combined company
under one set of assumptions, do not reflect the benefits of expected cost savings (or associated costs to achieve such savings), opportunities to earn
additional revenue or other factors that may result as a consequence of the merger and, accordingly, do not attempt to predict or suggest future results.
Specifically, the unaudited pro forma combined statements of operations exclude projected synergies expected to be achieved as a result of the merger,
which are described in the section entitled “The Merger—Recommendation of the Concho Board of Directors and Reasons for the Merger” beginning on
page 76, nor do they include any associated costs that may be required to be incurred to achieve the identified synergies. The unaudited pro forma
combined statements of operations also exclude the effects of transaction costs associated with the merger, costs associated with any restructuring,
integration activities or asset dispositions resulting from the merger and to the extent they occur, are expected to be non-recurring and will not have been
incurred at the closing date of the merger. However, such costs could affect the combined company following the merger in the period the costs are
incurred or recorded. Further, the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements do not reflect the effect of any regulatory actions that may impact
the results of the combined company following the merger.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements have been developed from and should be read in conjunction with:
 

 •  the accompanying notes to the unaudited pro forma combined financial statements;
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of Concho for the year ended December 31, 2017, included in Concho’s Annual

Report on Form 10-K and incorporated by reference into this document;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of Concho as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018,

included in Concho’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference into this document;
 

 
•  the historical audited consolidated financial statements of RSP for the year ended December 31, 2017, included in RSP’s Annual Report on

Form 10-K and incorporated by reference into this document;
 

 
•  the historical unaudited consolidated financial statements of RSP as of and for the three months ended March 31, 2018, included in RSP’s

Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and incorporated by reference into this document;
 

 
•  other information relating to Concho and RSP contained in or incorporated by reference into this document, which is described in the

sections entitled “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data
 

-164-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 176/219

Table of Contents

 
of Concho,” “Selected Historical Consolidated Financial Data of RSP” and “Where You Can Find More Information,” beginning on page
31, 34 and 201, respectively; and

 

 •  the risk factors described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41.
 

-165-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 177/219

Table of Contents

Concho Resources Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet

As of March 31, 2018
(in millions)

 

   
Concho

Historical  
RSP

Historical  
Pro Forma

Adjustments      

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Assets        
Current assets:        

Cash and cash equivalents   $ —    $ 34  $ —      $ 34 
Accounts receivable, net of allowance for doubtful accounts:        

Oil and natural gas    392   111   —       503 
Joint operations and other    260   17   —       277 

Inventory    11   —     10   (a)     21 
Derivative instruments    23   30   (11)     (a)     42 
Prepaid costs and other    33   —     —       33 

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total current assets    719   192   (1)     910 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Property and equipment:        
Oil and natural gas properties, successful efforts method    22,023   7,049   1,960   (b)    31,069 

     37   (a)    
Accumulated depletion and depreciation    (8,658)   (854)   854   (c)     (8,658) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total oil and natural gas properties, net    13,365   6,195   2,851     22,411 
Other property and equipment, net    246   56   (37)   (a)     265 

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total property and equipment, net    13,611   6,251   2,814     22,676 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Deferred loan costs, net    12   —     —       12 
Goodwill    —     —     450   (b)    450 
Intangible assets, net    22   —     —       22 
Noncurrent derivative instruments    2   5   (2)     (a)    5 
Other assets    15   52   (10)   (a)    50 

     (7)   (d)   
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Total assets   $ 14,381  $ 6,500  $ 3,244    $ 24,125 
    

 

   

 

   

 

     

 

Liabilities and Stockholders’ Equity        
Current liabilities:        

Accounts payable—trade   $ 33  $ 54  $ —      $ 87 
Bank overdrafts    72   —     —       72 
Revenue payable    185   —     —       185 
Accrued drilling costs    307   —     91   (a)     398 
Accrued expenses    —     116   (116)   (a)     —   
Interest payable    —     30   (30)   (a)     —   
Derivative instruments    248   51   (11)     (a)     288 
Other current liabilities    264   —     25   (a)    407 

     30   (a)   
     88   (e)    
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Total current liabilities    1,109   251   77     1,437 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Long-term debt    2,370   1,580   64   (f)     4,014 
     445   (d)   
     (445)   (d)   

Deferred income taxes    941   232   599   (b)    1,772 
Noncurrent derivative instruments    79   9   (2)     (a)     86 
Asset retirement obligations and other long-term liabilities    144   17   —       161 
Commitments and contingencies        
Stockholders’ equity:        

Common stock    —     2   (2)   (g)    —   
     —     (h)   

Additional paid-in capital    7,159   4,127   (4,127)   (g)    14,164 
     7,005   (h)   

Retained earnings    2,675   282   (282)   (g)    2,587 
     (88)   (e)    

Treasury stock, at cost    (96)   —     —       (96) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Total stockholders’ equity    9,738   4,411   2,506     16,655 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity   $ 14,381  $ 6,500  $ 3,244    $ 24,125 
    

 

   

 

   

 

     

 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.
 

-166-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 178/219

Table of Contents

Concho Resources Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations

For the Three Months Ended March 31, 2018
(in millions, except per share amounts)

 

   
Concho

Historical  
RSP

Historical  
Pro Forma

Adjustments      

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Operating revenues:        
Oil sales   $ 793  $ 252  $ —      $ 1,045 
Natural gas sales    154   8   16   (a)    178 
NGL sales    —     16   (16)   (a)    —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total operating revenues    947   276   —       1,223 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Operating costs and expenses:        
Oil and natural gas production    130   32   (1)   (a)    161 
Production and ad valorem taxes    70   16   —       86 
Gathering, processing and transportation    11   —     1   (a)    12 
Exploration and abandonments    18   —     4   (a)    22 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization    317   76   6   (i)     399 
Accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations    2   —     —       2 
Impairments of long-lived assets    —     4   (4)   (a)    —   
General and administrative    65   15   —       80 
Loss on derivatives    35   —     (3)   (a)    32 
Gain on disposition of assets, net    (723)   —     —       (723) 
Acquisition costs    —     3   (3)   (a)    —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total operating costs and expenses    (75)   146   —       71 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Income from operations    1,022   130   —       1,152 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Other income (expense):        
Interest expense    (30)   (22)   4   (j)     (48) 
Net gain on derivative instruments    —     3   (3)   (a)    —   
Other, net    97   1   (3)   (a)    95 

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Total other income (expense)    67   (18)   (2)     47 
    

 
   

 
   

 
     

 

Income before income taxes    1,089   112   (2)     1,199 
Income tax expense    (254)   (22)   —     (k)    (276) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

     
 

Net income   $ 835  $ 90  $ (2)    $ 923 
    

 

   

 

   

 

     

 

Earnings per share:        
Basic net income   $ 5.60      $ 4.62 
Diluted net income   $ 5.58      $ 4.59 

Weighted average common shares outstanding:        
Basic    148    51   (l)     199 
Diluted    148    51   (l)     199 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.
 

-167-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 179/219

Table of Contents

Concho Resources Inc.
Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations

For the Year Ended December 31, 2017
(in millions, except per share amounts)

 

   
Concho

Historical  
RSP

Historical  
Pro Forma

Adjustments     

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Operating revenues:       
Oil sales   $ 2,092  $ 705  $ —     $ 2,797 
Natural gas sales    494   36   63   (a)   593 
NGL sales    —     63   (63)   (a)   —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total operating revenues    2,586   804   —      3,390 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Operating costs and expenses:       
Oil and natural gas production    408   123   —      531 
Production and ad valorem taxes    199   49   —      248 
Exploration and abandonments    59   8   59   (a)   126 
Depreciation, depletion and amortization    1,146   280   10   (i)   1,436 
Accretion of discount on asset retirement obligations    8   1   —      9 
Impairments of long-lived assets    —     59   (59)   (a)   —   
General and administrative    244   47   —      291 
Loss on derivatives    126   —     39   (a)   165 
Gain on disposition of assets, net    (678)   —     —      (678) 
Acquisition costs    —     4   (4)   (a)   —   

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total operating costs and expenses    1,512   571   45    2,128 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Income from operations    1,074   233   (45)    1,262 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Other income (expense):       
Interest expense    (146)   (82)   13   (j)   (215) 
Loss on extinguishment of debt    (66)   —     —      (66) 
Net loss on derivative instruments    —     (39)   39   (a)   —   
Other, net    19   3   (4)   (a)   18 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Total other expense    (193)   (118)   48    (263) 
    

 
   

 
   

 
    

 

Income before income taxes    881   115   3    999 
Income tax benefit    75   117   (1)   (k)   191 

    
 

   
 

   
 

    
 

Net income   $ 956  $ 232  $ 2   $ 1,190 
    

 

   

 

   

 

    

 

Earnings per share:       
Basic net income   $ 6.44     $ 5.98 
Diluted net income   $ 6.41     $ 5.95 

Weighted average common shares outstanding:       
Basic    147    51   (l)   198 
Diluted    148    51   (l)   199 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited pro forma combined financial statements.
 

-168-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 180/219

Table of Contents

NOTES TO UNAUDITED PRO FORMA FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Note 1. Basis of Presentation

The unaudited pro forma combined financial information has been derived from the historical consolidated financial statements of Concho and
RSP. Certain of RSP’s historical amounts have been reclassified to conform to Concho’s financial statement presentation. The unaudited pro forma
combined balance sheet as of March 31, 2018 gives effect to the merger as if the merger had been completed on March 31, 2018. The unaudited pro
forma combined statement of operations for the year ended December 31, 2017, and the three months ended March 31, 2018, give effect to the merger
as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2017.

The unaudited pro forma combined financial statements reflect pro forma adjustments that are described in the accompanying notes and are based
on available information and certain assumptions that Concho believes are reasonable; however, actual results may differ from those reflected in these
statements. In Concho’s opinion, all adjustments that are necessary to present fairly the pro forma information have been made. The following unaudited
pro forma combined statements do not purport to represent what the combined company’s financial position or results of operations would have been if
the transaction had actually occurred on the dates indicated above, nor are they indicative of Concho’s future financial position or results of operations.
These unaudited pro forma combined financial statements should be read in conjunction with the historical consolidated financial statements and related
notes of Concho and RSP for the periods presented.

Note 2. Unaudited Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet

The merger will be accounted for using the acquisition method of accounting for business combinations. The allocation of the preliminary
estimated purchase price is based upon management’s estimates of and assumptions related to the fair value of assets to be acquired and liabilities to be
assumed as of March 31, 2018 using currently available information. Due to the fact that the unaudited pro forma combined financial information has
been prepared based on these preliminary estimates, the final purchase price allocation and the resulting effect on financial position and results of
operations may differ significantly from the pro forma amounts included herein. Concho expects to finalize its allocation of the purchase consideration
as soon as practicable after completion of the merger.

The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to change due to several factors, including, but not limited to:
 

 
•  changes in the estimated fair value of the Concho common stock consideration transferred to RSP stockholders, based on Concho’s share

price at the closing date of the merger;
 

 
•  changes in the estimated fair value of RSP’s assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the date of the closing, which could result from

changes in future oil and natural gas commodity prices, reserve estimates, interest rates and other factors;
 

 •  the tax bases of RSP’s assets and liabilities as of the closing date of the merger; and
 

 •  the factors described in the section entitled “Risk Factors” beginning on page 41.
 

-169-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 181/219

Table of Contents

The preliminary consideration to be transferred, fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and resulting goodwill expected to be
recorded is as follows:
 

   

Preliminary Purchase
Price Allocation

(in millions)  
Consideration:   

Fair value of Concho’s common stock to be issued(1)   $ 7,005 
    

 

Total consideration    7,005 
Fair value of liabilities assumed:   

Accounts payable—trade    54 
Other current liabilities    197 
Long-term debt    1,644 
Deferred income taxes    831 
Other long-term liabilities    26 

    
 

Amount attributable to liabilities assumed    2,752 
Fair value of assets acquired:   

Cash and cash equivalents    34 
Accounts receivable    128 
Oil and natural gas properties—Proved    4,906 
Oil and natural gas properties—Unproved    4,140 
Other property and equipment    19 
Other assets    80 

    
 

Amount attributable to assets acquired    9,307 
    

 

Goodwill as of March 31, 2018   $ 450 
    

 

 

(1) Based on 51,015,555 Concho common shares at $137.31 per share (closing prices as of May 31, 2018).

Concho has agreed to acquire RSP for consideration of approximately $7.0 billion of per-share consideration consisting of 0.320 of a share of
Concho common stock for each issued and outstanding eligible share of RSP common stock.

Goodwill recognized is primarily attributable to the excess of the consideration transferred over the acquisition-date identifiable assets acquired
net of liabilities assumed, measured in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Because the merger will be
non-taxable, RSP’s tax basis in the assets and liabilities will carry over to Concho.

From the date prior to the initial public announcement of the merger to May 31, 2018, the preliminary value of Concho’s purchase consideration
to be transferred had decreased approximately $1.0 billion, as a result of the decrease in Concho’s share price from $157.00 to $137.31. The final value
of Concho consideration will be determined based on the actual number of Concho common shares issued and the market price of Concho common
shares on the closing date of the merger. A 10 percent increase or decrease in the closing price of Concho common shares, as compared to the May 31,
2018 closing price of $137.31, would increase or decrease the purchase price by approximately $700 million, assuming all other factors are held
constant.
 

-170-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 182/219

Table of Contents

Note 3. Pro Forma Adjustments

The following adjustments have been made to the accompanying unaudited pro forma combined financial statements:
 

(a) The following reclassifications were made as a result of the transaction to conform to Concho’s presentation:

Pro Forma Combined Balance Sheet as of March 31, 2018:
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $10 million for RSP’s inventory from Other assets to Inventory;
 

 
•  Reclassification of approximately $11 million between current assets and current liabilities to net RSP’s Derivative instruments by

counterparty in order to conform RSP’s gross presentation to Concho’s net presentation;
 

 
•  Reclassification of approximately $37 million for certain salt water disposal assets of RSP from Other property and equipment to Oil and

natural gas properties;
 

 
•  Reclassification of approximately $2 million between noncurrent assets and noncurrent liabilities to net RSP’s Noncurrent derivative

instruments by counterparty in order to conform RSP’s gross presentation to Concho’s net presentation;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $91 million for certain accrued liabilities of RSP from Accrued expenses to Accrued drilling costs;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $25 million certain accrued liabilities of RSP from Accrued expenses to Other current liabilities; and
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $30 million for RSP’s Interest payable to Other current liabilities.

Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2018:
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $16 million for RSP’s NGL sales to Natural gas sales;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $1 million for RSP’s Oil and natural gas production to Gathering, processing and transportation;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $4 million for RSP’s Impairments of long-lived assets to Exploration and abandonments;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $3 million for RSP’s Acquisition costs to Other expenses; and
 

 
•  Reclassification of approximately $3 million for RSP’s Net gain on derivative instruments from Other Income to Operating costs and

expenses.

Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2017:
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $63 million for RSP’s NGL sales to Natural gas sales;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $59 million for RSP’s Impairments of long-lived assets to Exploration and abandonments;
 

 •  Reclassification of approximately $4 million for RSP’s Acquisition costs to Other expenses; and
 

 
•  Reclassification of approximately $39 million for RSP’s Net loss on derivative instruments from Other Income to Operating costs and

expenses.
 

(b) The allocation of the estimated fair value of consideration transferred (based on the closing price of Concho common shares as of May 31, 2018)
to the estimated fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed resulted in the following purchase price allocation adjustments:

 

 •  approximately $1,960 million increase in RSP’s gross book basis of Oil and natural gas properties to reflect them at fair value;
 

-171-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 183/219

Table of Contents

 •  approximately $450 million in Goodwill associated with the transaction; and
 

 •  approximately $599 million net increase in Deferred tax liabilities associated with the transaction.
 

(c) Reflects the elimination of RSP’s historical Accumulated depreciation, depletion and amortization (which we refer to as “DD&A”) balances.
 

(d) The following adjustments were made to eliminate RSP’s outstanding credit facility balance using borrowings under Concho’s credit facility:
 

 •  approximately $445 million of borrowings under Concho’s existing credit facility to repay RSP’s remaining credit facility balance; and
 

 •  approximately $7 million to eliminate Deferred loan costs related to RSP’s credit facility.
 

(e) Reflects the impact of estimated transaction costs of $88 million related to the merger, including underwriting, severance, banking, legal and
accounting fees that are not capitalized as part of the transaction. The costs are not reflected in the historical March 31, 2018 consolidated balance
sheets of Concho and RSP, but are reflected in the pro forma combined balance sheet as an increase to Other current liabilities as they will be
expensed by Concho and RSP as incurred. These amounts and their corresponding tax effect have not been reflected in the pro forma combined
statements of operations due to their nonrecurring nature.

 

(f) The following adjustments were made to reflect pro forma increases to Long-term debt:
 

 •  approximately $49 million to RSP’s senior notes to record them at fair value;
 

 •  approximately $14 million to eliminate the Deferred loan costs related to RSP’s senior notes; and
 

 •  approximately $1 million to eliminate the discount on RSP’s senior notes.
 

(g) Reflects the elimination of RSP’s historical equity balances in accordance with the acquisition method of accounting.
 

(h) Reflects the estimated increase in Concho’s Common stock and Additional paid-in capital resulting from the issuance of Concho common shares
to RSP stockholders to effect the transaction as follows (in millions, except share and per share amounts):

 
Shares of Concho common stock to be issued    51,015,555 
Closing price per share of Concho common stock on May 31, 2018   $ 137.31 
Total fair value of shares of Concho common stock to be issued   $ 7,005 
Increase in Concho common stock ($0.001 par value per share) as of March 31, 2018    —   

    
 

Increase in Concho additional paid-in capital as of March 31, 2018   $ 7,005 
    

 

 

(i) Reflects the pro forma adjustment of historical DD&A, which is calculated as the difference between historical DD&A and the adjusted RSP pro
forma DD&A. The pro forma DD&A expense for RSP is calculated using a stepped up basis from the preliminary purchase price allocation for oil
and natural gas properties assuming the transaction was consummated as of January 1, 2017. The pro forma DD&A adjustments increase
historical DD&A for both the year ended December 31, 2017 and the three months ended March 31, 2018 mainly due to the increase in value of
oil and natural gas properties. The higher fair value of properties as compared to historical value is due to many factors, a primary factor being
higher commodity prices and continued improvement of well economics due to technology advances for undeveloped reserves.

 

(j) The following adjustments were made to reflect pro forma changes to Interest expense:

Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2018:
 

 •  approximately $2 million decrease related to the amortization of the fair value adjustment on RSP’s senior notes;
 

-172-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 184/219

Table of Contents

 •  approximately $1 million decrease related to the elimination of deferred loan costs on RSP’s senior notes; and
 

 
•  approximately $1 million net decrease related to interest calculated on the borrowings under Concho’s existing credit facility after the

repayment of RSP’s credit facility balance of $445 million.

Pro Forma Combined Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2017:
 

 •  approximately $8 million decrease related to the amortization of the fair value adjustment on RSP’s senior notes;
 

 •  approximately $2 million decrease related to the elimination of deferred loan costs on RSP’s senior notes;
 

 •  approximately $2 million decrease related to the elimination of deferred loan costs on RSP’s credit facility; and
 

 
•  approximately $1 million net decrease related to interest calculated on the borrowings under Concho’s existing credit facility after the

repayment of RSP’s credit facility balance of $445 million.
 

(k) Reflects the income tax effect of pro forma adjustments presented. The tax rate applied was the estimated combined statutory rate of 23.1% for the
three months ended March 31, 2018 and 36.7% for the year ended December 31, 2017. The effective rate of the combined company could be
significantly different (either higher or lower) depending on post-merger activities.

 

(l) Reflects Concho common shares estimated to be issued to RSP stockholders.

Note 4. Unusual events:

For the year ended December 31, 2017

ACC divestiture. In February 2017, Concho closed on the divestiture of its ownership interest in Alpha Crude Connector, LLC. After direct
transaction costs, Concho recorded a pre-tax gain on disposition of assets of approximately $655 million, which is included in Gain on disposition of
assets on the consolidated statement of operations.

Income tax benefit. Concho recorded an income tax benefit of $75 million, which included discrete provisional income tax benefits of
approximately $398 million related to the enactment of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. For additional information, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated
Financial Statements included in “Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data” of Concho’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2017 incorporated herein by reference.

For the three months ended March 31, 2018

Oryx distribution. Concho owns a 23.75 percent membership interest in Oryx Southern Delaware Holdings, LLC, an entity that operates a crude
oil gathering and transportation system in the Southern Delaware Basin. Concho received a distribution of approximately $157 million, of which
approximately $103 million was recorded in Other income.

February 2018 acquisition and divestiture. In February 2018, Concho closed on an acquisition treated as a business combination where the
business acquired was valued at approximately $755 million as compared to the historical book value of the divested assets of approximately $180
million, which resulted in a preliminary non-cash gain of approximately $575 million, included in Gain on disposition of assets, subject to customary
post-closing adjustments.

Southern Delaware Basin divestitures. In January 2018, Concho closed on two asset sales transactions of certain non-core assets with combined
preliminary proceeds of approximately $280 million, which resulted in a pre-tax gain of $134 million included in Gain on disposition of assets, subject
to customary post-closing adjustments.
 

-173-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 185/219

Table of Contents

Note 5. Supplemental Pro Forma Oil and Natural Gas Reserves Information

The following tables present the estimated pro forma combined net proved developed and undeveloped oil, natural gas and NGL reserves as of
December 31, 2017, along with a summary of changes in the quantities of net remaining proved reserves during the year ended December 31, 2017. The
pro forma reserve information set forth below gives effect to the merger as if the merger had been completed on January 1, 2017.
 
   Oil and Condensate (MMBbls)  

   
Concho

Historical  RSP Historical  

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Balance—December 31, 2016    428   165   593 
Purchases of minerals-in-place    22   35   57 
Sales of minerals-in-place    (2)   —     (2) 
Extensions and discoveries    115   65   180 
Revisions of previous estimates    (20)   11   (9) 
Production    (43)   (14)   (57) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Balance—December 31, 2017    500   262   762 
    

 

   

 

   

 

Proved Developed Reserves:     
December 31, 2016    267   65   332 
December 31, 2017    336   107   443 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves:     
December 31, 2016    161   100   261 
December 31, 2017    164   155   319 

 
   Natural Gas (Bcf)  

   
Concho

Historical  
RSP

Historical  
Pro Forma

Adjustments(a)  

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Balance—December 31, 2016    1,752   177   83   2,012 
Purchases of minerals-in-place    72   34   16   122 
Sales of minerals-in-place    (9)   —     —     (9) 
Extensions and discoveries    351   73   34   458 
Revisions of previous estimates    38   26   12   76 
Production    (161)   (15)   (7)   (183) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

   
 

Balance—December 31, 2017    2,043   295   138   2,476 
    

 

   

 

   

 

   

 

Proved Developed Reserves:      
December 31, 2016    1,190   76   35   1,301 
December 31, 2017    1,512   133   63   1,708 

Proved Undeveloped Reserves:      
December 31, 2016    562   101   48   711 
December 31, 2017    531   162   75   768 

 
-174-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 186/219

Table of Contents

   NGLs (MMBbls)  

   
RSP

Historical   
Pro Forma

Adjustments(a)   

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

Balance—December 31, 2016    43    (43)    —   
Purchases of minerals-in-place    6    (6)    —   
Extensions and discoveries    16    (16)    —   
Revisions of previous estimates    3    (3)    —   
Production    (3)    3    —   

    
 

    
 

    
 

Balance—December 31, 2017    65    (65)    —   
    

 

    

 

    

 

Proved Developed Reserves:       
December 31, 2016    19    (19)    —   
December 31, 2017    30    (30)    —   

Proved Undeveloped Reserves:       
December 31, 2016    24    (24)    —   
December 31, 2017    35    (35)    —   

 

(a) Adjustment for conversion from three-stream to two-stream based on dry natural gas residue sold and the shrink factor related to NGL content,
resulting in wet gas volumes produced.

The pro forma standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves as of December 31, 2017 is
as follows (in millions):
 

   
Concho

Historical  
RSP

Historical  

Concho
Pro Forma
Combined  

December 31, 2017     
Future cash inflows   $ 29,761  $ 14,635  $ 44,396 
Future production costs    (9,612)   (3,868)   (13,480) 
Future development and abandonment costs    (2,636)   (1,893)   (4,529) 
Future income tax expense    (2,565)   (1,553)   (4,118) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Future net cash flows    14,948   7,321   22,269 
10% annual discount factor    (7,470)   (4,290)   (11,760) 

    
 

   
 

   
 

Standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows   $ 7,478  $ 3,031  $ 10,509 
    

 

   

 

   

 

 
-175-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 187/219

Table of Contents

The changes in the pro forma standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows relating to proved oil and natural gas reserves for the year
ended December 31, 2017 are as follows (in millions):
 

   
Concho

Historical   
RSP

Historical   

Concho Pro
Forma

Combined  
December 31, 2017       

Purchases of minerals-in-place   $ 304   $ 378   $ 682 
Sales of minerals-in-place    (20)    —      (20) 
Extensions and discoveries    2,014    968    2,982 
Development costs incurred during the period    619    163    782 
Net changes in prices and production costs    1,830    804    2,634 
Oil and natural gas sales, net of production costs    (1,979)    (632)    (2,611) 
Changes in future development costs    84    43    127 
Revisions of previous quantity estimates    (154)    200    46 
Accretion of discount    470    142    612 
Changes in production rates, timing and other    470    153    623 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Change in present value of future net revenues    3,638    2,219    5,857 
Net change in present value of future income tax expense    (350)    (381)    (731) 

    
 

    
 

    
 

   3,288    1,838    5,126 
Balance, beginning of year    4,190    1,193    5,383 

    
 

    
 

    
 

Balance, end of year   $ 7,478   $ 3,031   $ 10,509 
    

 

    

 

    

 

 
-176-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 188/219

Table of Contents

COMPARISON OF STOCKHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

This section describes the material differences between the rights of holders of shares of RSP common stock and the rights of holders of shares of
Concho common stock. RSP and Concho are each incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware and, accordingly, the rights of RSP stockholders
and Concho stockholders are both governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. The differences between the rights of RSP stockholders and Concho
stockholders primarily result from differences between the organizational documents of RSP and Concho. As a result of the merger, holders of shares of
RSP common stock that receive merger consideration in respect of their shares of RSP common stock will become holders of shares of Concho common
stock. As a result, following the merger, the rights of RSP stockholders who become Concho stockholders in the merger will continue to be governed by
the laws of the State of Delaware and will also then be governed by the Concho certificate of incorporation and the Concho bylaws.

This section does not include a complete description of all differences among the rights of RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders, nor does it
include a complete description of the specific rights referred to below. Furthermore, the description of some of the differences in these rights in this
section is not intended to indicate that other differences that may be equally important do not exist. All RSP stockholders and Concho stockholders are
urged to read carefully the relevant provisions of the DGCL, as well as each company’s organizational documents. This summary is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the full text of each of the Concho certificate of incorporation, the Concho bylaws, the Concho corporate governance guidelines,
the RSP certificate of incorporation, the RSP bylaws and the RSP corporate governance guidelines. For information on how to obtain a copy of these
documents, see the section entitled “Where You Can Find More Information” beginning on page 201.
 

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders
Authorized Capital Stock

 
The authorized capital stock of RSP consists of (i) 300,000,000 shares of
common stock, par value $0.01 per share, and (ii) 15,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, par value $0.01 per share.
 
The RSP board is authorized to issue the preferred stock in one or more
classes or series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences, rights,
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof. The number of authorized
shares of preferred stock may be increased or decreased by the affirmative
vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the outstanding shares of
stock entitled to vote, without a separate class vote.
 

  

 
The authorized capital stock of Concho consists of (i) 300,000,000
shares of common stock, par value $0.001 per share, and (ii)
10,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value $0.001 per share.
 
The Concho board is authorized to issue the preferred stock in series
and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares,
and any qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof. The number
of authorized shares of preferred stock may be increased or decreased
by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power
of all then-outstanding shares of the capital stock entitled to vote,
without a separate class vote, unless a vote of such holders is required
under the applicable preferred stock designation.
 

  

  
As of June 1, 2018, the record date for the RSP special meeting, there were
outstanding (i) 159,422,836 shares of RSP common stock and (ii) no shares
of RSP preferred stock.   

As of June 1, 2018, the record date for the Concho special meeting,
there were outstanding (i) 149,069,231 shares of Concho common
stock and (ii) no shares of Concho preferred stock.

 
-177-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 189/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

 
Voting Rights

 

Each holder of shares of RSP common stock is entitled to one vote for each
share of common stock held by the stockholder on the record date for any
action, on all matters on which the stockholders are entitled to vote, except
that holders of shares of RSP common stock are not entitled to vote on
amendments solely affecting the terms of outstanding series of RSP preferred
stock if the holders of that series of RSP preferred stock are entitled to vote
on the matter.   

Each holder of shares of Concho common stock is entitled to one vote
for each share of common stock held of record by the stockholder on
the record date for any action, on all matters properly submitted to the
stockholders for their vote, except that holders of shares of Common
Stock are not entitled to vote on amendments solely affecting the terms
of outstanding series of Concho preferred stock if the holders of that
series of Concho preferred stock are entitled to vote on the matter.

 
Quorum and Adjournment

 
The RSP bylaws provide that, unless otherwise provided by applicable law or
by the RSP certificate of incorporation, the holders of a majority of the shares
of RSP capital stock outstanding and entitled to vote, represented in person or
by proxy, will constitute a quorum at all meetings of the RSP stockholders,
except that when a matter is to be voted on by a class or series of stock voting
as a class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class or series will
constitute a quorum of the class or series for purposes of the transaction of the
matter.
 

  

The Concho bylaws provide that, at any meeting of the stockholders,
the holders of a majority of the voting power of all of the shares of the
stock entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy, will
constitute a quorum for all purposes, except to the extent that the
presence of a larger number is required by Delaware law.
 

  
The RSP bylaws provide that the chairman of the meeting of stockholders or
a majority of the shares represented at the meeting may adjourn the meeting
from time to time, whether or not there is a quorum.

  

The Concho bylaws provide that the chairman of any annual or special
meeting will have the power to adjourn or recess the meeting for any
reason. The Concho bylaws further provide that in the absence of a
quorum at any meeting, the chairman of the meeting, or the holders of
a majority of the voting power of the shares entitled to vote thereon
who are present, in person or by proxy, may adjourn or recess the
meeting to another place, if any, date or time.

 
Number of Directors and Composition of Board of Directors

 
Neither the RSP certificate of incorporation nor bylaws provide for a
minimum or maximum number of directors. The exact number of directors is
fixed exclusively by resolution adopted by a majority of the RSP board.
There are currently seven members of the RSP board.
 

  

Neither the Concho certificate of incorporation nor bylaws provide for
a minimum or maximum number of directors, provided that the number
of directors may not be less than three. The exact number of directors is
fixed by a majority of the Concho board from time to time. There are
currently 10 members of the Concho board – however, as of the
effective time of the merger, the size of the Concho board will be
increased to 11 members, as further detailed below and as described in
the section entitled “The Merger

 
-178-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 190/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

  

Agreement—Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers”
beginning on page 124.
 

  

On May 17, 2018, pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement in
accordance with the Concho certificate of incorporation and Concho
bylaws, the Concho board appointed Steven Gray, the current Chief
Executive Officer of RSP, who had been unanimously recommended
by the RSP board, to fill the vacancy created by the board size increase,
as described in the section entitled “The Merger Agreement—
Organizational Documents; Directors and Officers” beginning on page
124. Both the board size increase and appointment of Mr. Gray to the
Concho board are effective as of, and contingent upon the occurrence
of, the effective time of the merger.
 

The RSP corporate governance guidelines require a majority of the RSP
board to be composed of “independent” directors, as defined by the listing
standards of the NYSE.   

The Concho corporate governance guidelines require a majority of the
Concho board to be composed of “independent” directors, as defined
by the listing standards of the NYSE.

 
Election of Directors

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation provides that the board be divided into
three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. Each director will hold office
until the third annual meeting following his or her election and until his or her
successors have been duly elected and qualified.
 
 
 
The RSP bylaws provide that each director will be elected by the vote of a
majority of the votes cast by stockholders, unless the RSP Corporate
Secretary determines that there are more nominees than directors to be
elected, in which case directors will be elected by the vote of a plurality of the
votes cast at any such meeting.
 
The RSP bylaws provide that any director who fails to receive the required
number of votes and whose successor has not been elected will tender his or
her resignation. In such event, the Nominating and Governance Committee
would determine whether to recommend to the RSP board that the RSP board
accept such resignation. The RSP board would then determine whether to
accept such director’s resignation.

  

The Concho certificate of incorporation provides that the board be
divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. Each director
will hold office until the third annual meeting following his or her
election and until his or her successors have been duly elected and
qualified, or otherwise until his or her earlier death, disability,
resignation, disqualification or removal.
 
The Concho bylaws provide that each director in a contested election
will be elected by the vote of a plurality of votes cast. In an
uncontested election, each nominee will be elected if more votes are
cast for him/her than against him/her.
 
 
Concho’s Corporate Governance Guidelines state that the Concho
board expects any director who fails to receive the required number of
votes to tender his or her resignation. In such event, the Nominating &
Governance Committee would determine whether to accept such
director’s resignation, subject to the Concho board’s final approval.

  
 

-179-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 191/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

 
Qualification of Directors

 
Neither the RSP certificate of incorporation nor the bylaws provide for an age
limitation on directors.   

Neither the Concho certificate of incorporation nor bylaws provide for
an age limitation on directors.

 
Filling Vacancies on the Board of Directors

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that any vacancy on
the RSP board or any newly created directorship that results from an increase
in the authorized number of directors or from death, disability, resignation,
disqualification or removal of any director or from any other cause must be
filled by the vote of a majority of the board members then in office, even if
less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director and may not be filled by
the RSP stockholders.   

The Concho certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that any
vacancy on the Concho board caused by death, resignation, retirement,
disqualification, removal from office or other cause will be filled by the
vote of a majority of the remaining directors, even though less than a
quorum.

 
Removal of Directors

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation allows for removal of any director only
for cause by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of the stock then
outstanding and entitled to vote generally for the election of directors acting
at a meeting.   

The Concho certificate of incorporation allows for removal of any
director only for cause and by the affirmative vote of the holders of 66
2/3% of the voting power of all outstanding shares entitled to vote in
the election of directors, voting together as a single class.

 
Director Nominations by Stockholders

 
The RSP bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written notice
to the RSP Corporate Secretary of a director nomination to be considered at
an annual meeting, or at a special meeting at which the RSP board has
determined that directors are to be elected.
 
 
With respect to nominations to be considered at an annual meeting, the notice
must be in writing, meet the requirements of the RSP bylaws, and be
delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not later
than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary date of
the annual meeting for the preceding year, except that in the event that the
date of the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after
such anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered not
earlier than the close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual
meeting and earlier than close of business on the later of:
 

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or

  

The Concho bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance
written notice to the Concho Corporate Secretary of a director
nomination to be considered at an annual meeting, or at a special
meeting at which the Concho board has determined that directors are to
be elected.
 
With respect to nominations to be considered at an annual meeting, the
notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the Concho bylaws,
and be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first
anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year, except
that if the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after such
anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding
year, notice by the stockholder must be delivered not later than the
close of business on the later of:
 

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or

  

  
 

-180-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 192/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders
 

•  if the first public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is less
than 100 days before the meeting, then the 10th day following the day on
which such public announcement is first made by RSP.

   

 

•  the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of
the date of such meeting is first made by Concho.

In the event that the number of directors to be elected to the RSP board at an
annual meeting is increased by the RSP board and there is no public
announcement by RSP that names all of the nominees for director or specifies
the size of the increased board at least 100 days prior to the first anniversary
of the preceding year’s annual meeting, a stockholder’s notice will be
considered timely with respect to nominees for any new positions created by
such increase if it is delivered to the RSP Corporate Secretary not later than
the close of business on the 10th day following the day on which such public
announcement is first made by RSP.

  

In the event that the number of directors to be elected to the Concho
board at an annual meeting is increased by the Concho board and there
is no public announcement by Concho that names all of the nominees
for director or specifies the size of the increased board at least 10 days
prior to the last day a stockholder may otherwise deliver a notice, a
stockholder’s notice will be considered timely with respect to nominees
for any new positions created by such increase if it is delivered to the
Concho Corporate Secretary by the close of business on the 10th day
following the day on which such public announcement is first made by
Concho.
 

Director nominations to be considered at a special meeting must be in
writing, meet the requirements of the RSP bylaws and be delivered not earlier
than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the special meeting and
not later than the close of business on the later of the 90th day prior to the
date of such special meeting (or if the first public announcement of the date
of the annual meeting is less than 100 days before the meeting, then the 10th
day following the day on which such public announcement is first made by
RSP).   

Director nominations to be considered at a special meeting must be in
writing, meet the requirements of the Concho bylaws and be delivered
not earlier than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the special
meeting and not later than the close of business on the later of the 70th
day prior to the date of such special meeting or the 10th day following
the day on which the public announcement of the date of the special
meeting is first made by Concho.

 
Proxy Access

 
Neither the RSP certificate of incorporation nor bylaws contain proxy access
provisions.

  

The Concho bylaws contain proxy access provisions providing that
Concho stockholders may deliver a notice to the Concho Corporate
Secretary of nominees for election as directors at an annual meeting to
be included in Concho’s proxy materials for such annual meeting,
provided that certain conditions set forth in the Concho bylaws are
satisfied.
 
In order for a stockholder nominee to be included in Concho’s proxy
materials for an annual meeting, a nomination notice meeting the
requirements of Concho’s bylaws must be delivered by an “eligible
stockholder” (as described below) not earlier than the close of business
on the 150th day and not later than the close of business on the 120th
day prior to the first anniversary of the date the definitive proxy
statement

 
-181-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 193/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

  

was first released to Concho stockholders in connection with the
preceding year’s annual meeting of stockholders, except that in the
event the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or 30 days after
the anniversary date of the preceding year’s annual meeting, or if no
annual meeting of stockholders was held in the preceding year, the
nomination notice must be delivered not earlier than the close of
business on the 150th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and
not later than the close of business on the later of:
 

•  the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or
 

  

  

  

•  the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of
the annual meeting is first made by Concho.

 

  

An “eligible stockholder” is a Concho stockholder (or a group of no
more than 20 stockholders or beneficial owners) who has continuously
owned for at least three years that number of shares of Concho
common stock that constitutes 3% or more of the outstanding shares of
Concho common stock as of the time of delivery of the nomination
notice. Such stockholder must also own shares of Concho common
stock satisfying such requirements through the time of the annual
meeting in order to be an eligible stockholder.
 

  

The number of stockholder nominees appearing in the proxy materials
with respect to an annual meeting of stockholders must not exceed the
greater of two or 20% of the number of directors in office as of the last
day on which a nomination notice may be delivered subject to rounding
pursuant to the Concho bylaws if the number is not a whole number.

 
Action by Stockholders

 
The RSP bylaws provide that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares
present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote
on the matter will be the act of the stockholders, except that, in the case of
certain board elections (discussed above in “Comparison of Stockholders’
Rights—Election of Directors”) and in relation to a vote concerning
non-binding advisory matters with more than two possible vote choices, a
plurality vote is sufficient.
 

  

The Concho bylaws provide that a matter will be approved if the
number of votes cast in favor of the action exceed the number of votes
cast against the action, except in the case of certain board elections
(discussed above in “Comparison of Stockholders’ Rights—Election of
Directors”).

  

The RSP bylaws provide that stockholders may not act by written consent.   
The Concho certificate of incorporation provides that stockholders may
not act by written consent.

 
-182-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 194/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

 
Stockholder Proposals

 

The RSP bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance written notice
to the RSP Corporate Secretary of any proposal for business to be considered
at an annual meeting. The RSP bylaws do not provide for submission of
stockholder proposals for consideration at special meetings.
   

The Concho bylaws provide that a stockholder must give advance
written notice to the Concho Corporate Secretary of any proposal for
business to be transacted at an annual meeting. The Concho bylaws do
not provide for submission of stockholder proposals for consideration
at special meetings.
 

With respect to proposals for matters to be considered at an annual meeting,
the notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the RSP bylaws, and
be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day and not
later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of
the preceding year’s annual meeting, except that in the event that the date of
the meeting is more than 30 days before or more than 60 days after such
anniversary date, notice by the stockholder must be so delivered after the
close of business on the 120th day prior to such annual meeting before the
close of business on the later of:
   

With respect to proposals to be considered at an annual meeting, the
notice must be in writing, meet the requirements of the Concho bylaws,
and be delivered not earlier than the close of business on the 120th day
and not later than the close of business on the 90th day prior to the first
anniversary date of the annual meeting for the preceding year, except
that if the annual meeting is more than 30 days before or after such
anniversary date, or if no annual meeting was held in the preceding
year, notice by the stockholder must be delivered not later than the
close of business on the later of:
 

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or
   

•  the 90th day prior to the date of such annual meeting; or
 

•  if the first public announcement of the date of the annual meeting is less
than 100 days before the meeting, then the 10th day following the day on
which such public announcement is first made by RSP.   

•  the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of
the date of such meeting is first made by Concho.

 
Certificate of Incorporation Amendments

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation states that an affirmative vote of 66
2/3% of the outstanding shares of capital stock of RSP entitled to vote, voting
together as a single class, is required to amend the RSP certificate of
incorporation, in addition to any other vote that may be required by
applicable law, the RSP certificate of incorporation or bylaws.

  

Generally, the Concho certificate of incorporation may be amended
upon a resolution of the Concho board and approved by:
 

•  the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares entitled to vote;
and

 

•  a majority of the outstanding shares of each class entitled to a
class vote, if any.

  

 
Further, the Concho certificate of incorporation states that an
affirmative vote of 80% of the outstanding voting stock of Concho
entitled to vote generally in the election of directors is required for
amendment to Article X of the Concho certificate of incorporation, the
contents of which cover Concho’s renouncement of any interest or
expectancy in any business opportunity as defined in the Concho
certificate of incorporation.

 
-183-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 195/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

 
Bylaw Amendments

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation provides that the RSP board is
authorized to amend, alter or repeal the RSP bylaws. The RSP bylaws further
provide that the RSP board is authorized to amend, alter or repeal the RSP
bylaws by resolution of the majority of the directors present at any special
meeting or regular meeting at which a quorum is present, if, in the case of a
special meeting only, notice of such amendment, alteration or repeal is
contained in the notice or waiver of such meeting.
   

The Concho certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that the
Concho board is authorized to adopt, amend or repeal the Concho
bylaws at any meeting at which a quorum is present by the affirmative
vote of a majority of the whole Concho board.
 

The RSP certificate of incorporation provides that they may be amended,
altered or repealed by the vote of the holders of 66 2/3% of the voting power
of the then-outstanding shares of RSP capital stock entitled to vote thereon,
voting together as a single class; except that notice of the amendment,
alteration or repeal must be contained in the notice or waiver of notice of any
special meeting.   

The Concho certificate of incorporation and bylaws provide that they
may be adopted, amended or repealed by the affirmative vote of the
holders of 66 2/3% of the voting power of all of the then-outstanding
shares entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting
together as a single class.

 
Special Meetings of Stockholders

 
The RSP bylaws provide that a special meeting of the RSP stockholders may
be called only by the Chief Executive Officer of RSP, the Chairman of the
RSP board or by the affirmative vote of what would be a majority of the RSP
board if there were no vacancies.

  

The Concho bylaws provide that a special meeting of the Concho
stockholders may be held at the request of:
 

•  the Chairman of the Concho board; or
 

•  the Concho board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority
of the whole Concho board.

 
Notice of Meetings of Stockholders

 
Under the RSP bylaws, notice of an annual or special meeting must be given
to stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting not less than 10 days nor more
than 60 days before the date of the meeting. Further notice may be given as
may be required by applicable law.   

Under the Concho bylaws, unless otherwise provided by law, notice of
an annual or special meeting must be given to stockholders entitled to
vote at the meeting at least 10 days but no more than 60 days prior to
the date of the meeting.

 
Proxies

 
The RSP bylaws provide that every RSP stockholder having the right to vote
is entitled to vote in person or by proxy bearing a date not more than three
years prior to voting, unless such proxy provides for a longer period.

  

The Concho bylaws provide that every Concho stockholder having the
right to vote is entitled to vote in person or by proxy authorized by an
instrument in writing or by a transmission permitted by law filed in
accordance with the procedure established for the meeting.

 
-184-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 196/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

 
Forum Selection

 
Under the RSP certificate of incorporation, unless RSP consents in writing to
the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for certain
actions is the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. These actions
include:
 

•  any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of RSP;
 

•  any action asserting a claim or breach of fiduciary duty owed by
any director, officer, employee or agent of RSP to RSP or RSP
stockholders;

 

•  any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the
DGCL, the RSP certificate of incorporation or the RSP bylaws; or

 

•  any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs
doctrine.   

Neither the Concho certificate of incorporation nor the Concho bylaws
select a forum for litigation.

 
Limitation of Liability of Directors

 
The DGCL provides that a corporation may limit or eliminate a director’s
personal liability for monetary damages to the corporation or its stockholders
for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability for: (i) any
breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to such corporation or its stockholders,
(ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or which involve intentional
misconduct or a knowing violation of law, (iii) willful or negligent violation
of provisions of Delaware law governing payment of dividends and stock
purchases or redemptions or (iv) any transaction from which the director
derived an improper personal benefit.
 
 
The RSP certificate of incorporation provides that no RSP director will be
liable to RSP or RSP stockholders for monetary damages for breach of
fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption or limitation
thereof is not permitted by the DGCL, as it now exists and as amended in the
future.

  

The DGCL provides that a corporation may limit or eliminate a
director’s personal liability for monetary damages to the corporation or
its stockholders for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for
liability for: (i) any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to such
corporation or its stockholders, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith
or which involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law,
(iii) willful or negligent violation of provisions of Delaware law
governing payment of dividends and stock purchases or redemptions or
(iv) any transaction from which the director derived an improper
personal benefit.
 
The Concho certificate of incorporation provides that no Concho
director will be personally liable to Concho or Concho stockholders for
monetary damages for breach of duty as a director, to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL. Further to this, no Concho director will be
personally liable to Concho or Concho stockholders for monetary
damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except for liability
for, (i) any breach of the director’s duty of loyalty to Concho or
Concho stockholders, (ii) acts or omissions not in good faith or which
involve intentional misconduct or knowing law

 
-185-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 197/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

  

violation, (iii) willful or negligent violation of provisions of Delaware
law governing payment of dividends and stock purchases or
redemptions or (iv) for any transaction from which the director derived
an improper personal benefit.
 
If the DGCL is amended to authorize corporate action further
eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, the liability of
Concho directors will be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent
permitted by the DGCL, as amended.

 
Indemnification of Directors and Officers

 

The RSP bylaws provide that RSP will, to the fullest extent permitted by law,
indemnify any person who was or is a party to or is threatened to be made a
party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed
action, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of
the fact that such person, or someone for whom he or she is the legal
representative, is or was a director or officer of RSP, or while serving as a
RSP director or officer is or was serving at the request of RSP as a director,
officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture,
trust, employee benefit plan, other enterprise or nonprofit entity against all
expenses, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines,
ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably
incurred by the person in connection with such proceeding.
 
 
The RSP bylaws provide that, RSP will, to the fullest extent not prohibited by
applicable law, pay expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a person
potentially eligible for indemnification due to their present or former service
as a director or officer (as specified above) in defending any proceeding in
advance of the final disposition of such proceeding upon receipt of an
undertaking by such person to repay such amount if it is ultimately be
determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by RSP.   

The Concho bylaws provide that Concho will indemnify and hold
harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, any person
who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party to or is
otherwise involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil,
criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he or
she is or was a director or officer of Concho, or while a director or
officer of Concho, is or was serving at the request of Concho as a
director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a
partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, or by reason of any
action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity against all
expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines,
ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement)
reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith.
 
The Concho bylaws provide that Concho will pay the expenses
(including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a person potentially eligible for
indemnification (as specified above) in defending any proceeding in
advance of its final disposition to the full extent permitted by Delaware
law; except that, to the extent required by law, any payment of
expenses in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding will be
made only upon receipt of an undertaking by such person to repay all
amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that such
person is not entitled to be indemnified.

 
State Anti-Takeover Provisions

 
The RSP certificate of incorporation provides that RSP has opted out of
Section 203 of the DGCL.

  

Concho has not opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, which provides
that a corporation may not engage in certain business combinations,
including

 
-186-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 198/219

Table of Contents

RSP Stockholders   Concho Stockholders

  

mergers, sales and leases of assets, issuances of securities and other
similar transactions, with any stockholder that owns 15% or more of
the outstanding voting stock of a corporation (an “interested
stockholder”) for three years following the date such stockholder
became an interested stockholder unless one of the following
exceptions applies: (i) the Concho board approved the business
combination or the transaction that resulted in the person becoming an
interested stockholder prior to the time that the person became an
interested stockholder, (ii) upon consummation of the transaction that
resulted in the person becoming an interested stockholder such person
owned at least 85% of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation,
excluding, for purposes of determining the voting stock outstanding,
voting stock owned by directors who are also officers and certain
employee stock plans or (iii) the transaction is approved by the Concho
board and by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the outstanding
voting stock which is not owned by the interested stockholder. An
“interested stockholder” also includes the affiliates and associates of a
15% or more owner and any affiliate or associate of the corporation
who was the owner of 15% or more of the outstanding voting stock
within the preceding three-year period (subject to certain exceptions).

 
Stockholder Rights Plan

 
RSP is not party to a rights plan.   Concho is not party to a rights plan.
 

-187-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 199/219

Table of Contents

NO DISSENTERS’ OR APPRAISAL RIGHTS

Because shares of RSP common stock are listed on the NYSE and holders of shares of RSP common stock are not required to receive
consideration other than shares of Concho common stock, which are listed on the NYSE, and cash in lieu of fractional shares in the merger, holders of
shares of RSP common stock are not entitled to exercise dissenters’ or appraisal rights under Delaware law in connection with the merger.

Under Delaware law, Concho stockholders are not entitled to dissenters’ or appraisal rights in connection with the issuance of shares of Concho
common stock as contemplated by the merger agreement.
 

-188-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 200/219

Table of Contents

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF CONCHO

To Concho’s knowledge, the following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of Concho common stock
as of the close of business on May 31, 2018 (except as noted in the footnotes below) and with respect to: each person known by Concho to beneficially
own 5% or more of the outstanding shares of Concho common stock; each member of the Concho board; each named executive officer; and the
members of the Concho board and Concho’s current executive officers as a group.

Concho has determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, Concho
believes, based on the information furnished to Concho, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power
with respect to all shares of Concho common stock that he, she or it beneficially owns.

Applicable percentage ownership and voting power is based on 149,069,231 shares of Concho common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2018.

Security Ownership of Directors and Executive Officers

Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is One Concho Center, 600 West Illinois Avenue,
Midland, Texas 79701.
 

Name of Beneficial Owner   
Shares
Owned    Options   

Restricted
Stock

Awards    

Total
Shares

Beneficially
Owned   

Percent
of

Class  
Timothy A. Leach    798,905    —      41,789    840,694(1)   * 
Jack F. Harper    78,702    —      33,483    112,185   * 
E. Joseph Wright    46,531    —      34,496    81,027   * 
C. William Giraud    79,711    —      30,481    110,192   * 
J. Steve Guthrie    33,327    —      14,886    48,213   * 
Steven L. Beal    117,074    —      1,324    118,398(2)   * 
Tucker S. Bridwell    111,443    —      1,324    112,767(3)   * 
William H. Easter III    36,475    —      1,324    37,799(4)   * 
Susan J. Helms    1,165    —      1,324    2,489   * 
Gary A. Merriman    14,455    —      1,324    15,779   * 
Ray M. Poage    19,475    —      1,324    20,799   * 
Mark B. Puckett    25,211    —      1,324    26,535   * 
John P. Surma    9,575    —      1,324    10,899   * 
All Directors and Executive Officers as a Group (18 persons)    1,473,748    —      227,178    1,700,926   1.1% 
 
* Represents less than 1.0 percent.
(1) Includes 148,582 shares owned directly by a partnership, of which Mr. Leach is the manager of its general partner. Mr. Leach disclaims beneficial

ownership of these shares of common stock, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
(2) Includes 43,750 shares owned directly by a partnership, of which Mr. Beal is the manager of its general partner.
(3) Includes 15,000 shares owned by Mansefeldt Investment Corporation and 73,000 shares owned by the Dian Graves Owen Foundation.

Mr. Bridwell disclaims beneficial ownership of all securities owned by Mansefeldt Investment Corporation and the Dian Graves Owen
Foundation. Also includes 2,500 shares owned directly by a partnership, of which Mr. Bridwell is the manager of its general partner. Mr. Bridwell

 
-189-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 201/219

Table of Contents

 disclaims beneficial ownership of these shares of common stock, except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.
(4) Includes 36,475 shares that Mr. Easter holds indirectly through a trust with his spouse.

Security Ownership of Other Beneficial Owners
 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner   
Amount and Nature of
Beneficial Ownership    

Percent of
Class  

The Vanguard Group(1)    15,407,240    10.3% 
Capital Research Global Investors(2)    14,708,995    9.9% 
Capital World Investors(3)    11,972,500    8.0% 
The Growth Fund of America(4)    10,813,819    7.3% 
BlackRock, Inc.(5)    9,749,807    6.5% 
State Street Corp.(6)    7,817,677    5.2% 
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(7)    7,573,681    5.1% 

 
(1) According to Amendment No. 5 to a Schedule 13G, dated February 7, 2018, and filed with the SEC by The Vanguard Group on February 9, 2018,

it has sole voting power over 210,312 of these shares, shared voting power over 34,325 of these shares, shared dispositive power over 235,855 of
these shares and sole dispositive power over 15,171,385 of these shares. The address of The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern,
Pennsylvania 19355.

(2) According to Amendment No. 3 to a Schedule 13G, dated February 7, 2018, and filed with the SEC by Capital Research Global Investors on
February 14, 2018, it has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all of these shares. The address of Capital Research Global Investors
is 333 South Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071.

(3) According to Amendment No. 10 to a Schedule 13G, dated February 8, 2018, and filed with the SEC by Capital World Investors on February 14,
2018, it has sole voting power and sole dispositive power over all of these shares. The address of Capital Research Global Investors is 333 South
Hope Street, Los Angeles, California 90071.

(4) According to Amendment No. 3 to a Schedule 13G, dated February 6, 2018, and filed with the SEC by The Growth Fund of America on
February 14, 2018, it has no voting power (sole or shared) and no dispositive power (sole or shared) over these shares, however, under certain
circumstances, it may vote shares held by the fund. In addition, these shares may also be reflected in a filing made by Capital Research Global
Investors, Capital International Investors and/or Capital World Investors. The address of The Growth Fund of America is 6455 Irvine Center
Drive, Irvine, California 92618.

(5) According to Amendment No. 4 to a Schedule 13G, dated January 24, 2018, and filed with the SEC by BlackRock, Inc. on February 8, 2018, it
has sole voting power over 8,473,596 of these shares, no voting power over the remainder of these shares and sole dispositive power over all of
these shares. The address of BlackRock, Inc. is 55 East 52nd Street, New York, New York 10055.

(6) According to a Schedule 13G, dated February 14, 2018, and filed with the SEC by State Street Corporation on February 14, 2018, it has shared
voting and dispositive power over all of these shares. The address of State Street Corporation is One Lincoln Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02111.

(7) According to a Schedule 13G, dated December 29, 2017, and filed with the SEC by JPMorgan Chase & Co. on January 9, 2018, it has sole voting
power over 6,580,081 of these shares, shared voting power over 53,494 of these shares, no voting power over the remainder, sole dispositive
power over 7,457,137 of these shares and shared dispositive power over 113,048 of these shares. The address of JPMorgan Chase & Co. is 270
Park Avenue, New York, New York 10017.

 
-190-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 202/219

Table of Contents

SHARE OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT/DIRECTORS OF RSP

To RSP’s knowledge, the following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of shares of RSP common stock as of
the close of business on May 31, 2018 (except as noted in the footnotes below) and with respect to: each person known by RSP to beneficially own 5%
or more of the outstanding shares of RSP common stock; each member of the RSP board; each named executive officer; and the members of the RSP
board and RSP’s executive officers as a group.

RSP has determined beneficial ownership in accordance with the rules of the SEC. Except as indicated by the footnotes below, RSP believes,
based on the information furnished to RSP, that the persons and entities named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to
all shares of RSP common stock that he, she or it beneficially owns.

Applicable percentage ownership and voting power is based on 159,423,610 shares of RSP common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2018, and
additional shares of RSP common stock that would be issued upon vesting of restricted share unit awards held by directors or executive officers within
60 days of, May 31, 2018.

Unless otherwise noted below, the address of each beneficial owner listed in the table below is 3141 Hood Street, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75219.
 

Name of Beneficial Owner   
Shares of

Common Stock   

Percentage of
Total

Outstanding
Common Stock

(%)(1)  
5% Stockholders     
The Vanguard Group, Inc.(2)    10,256,862    6.4% 
Estate of Ted Collins, Jr.(3)    10,089,003    6.3% 
Boston Partners(4)    8,937,413    5.6% 
Wallace Family Partnership, LP(5)    8,001,626    5.0% 

Directors and Named Executive Officers     
Michael Grimm(6)    589,455    * 
Steven Gray(7)    438,615    * 
Scott McNeill(8)    736,303    * 
Ken Huseman(9)    32,116    * 
Joseph B. Armes(10)    30,781    * 
Matthew S. Ramsey(11)    32,781    * 
Michael W. Wallace(12)    10,278,468    6.4% 
Zane Arrott(13)    507,187    * 
William Huck(14)    405,623    * 
James Mutrie(15)    72,750    * 
Erik Daugbjerg(16)    271,606    * 
All executive officers and directors as a group (11 persons)    13,395,685    8.4% 
 
* Less than one percent
(1) Applicable percentage ownership is based on 159,423,610 shares of common stock outstanding as of May 31, 2018.
(2) Information is based on an Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13G, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2018 by The Vanguard Group. The Vanguard

Group may be deemed to have sole investment power over 10,177,018 shares of our common stock and sole voting power over 69,803 shares of
our common stock. The Vanguard Group may be deemed to have shared investment power over 79,844 shares of our common stock and shared
voting power over 20,298 shares of our common stock. The address for The Vanguard Group is 100 Vanguard Blvd., Malvern, Pennsylvania
19355.

 
-191-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 203/219

Table of Contents

(3) Of the 10,089,003 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by the estate of Ted Collins, Jr. (deceased), 7,922,851 shares are held by the
estate and 2,166,152 shares are held of record by Collins & Wallace Holdings, LLC, of which Mr. Collins was formerly a member. The estate has
sole voting and investment power over 7,922,851 shares and may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over 2,166,152 shares.
The address for the estate is 508 W. Wall Street, Suite 1200, Midland, Texas 79701.

(4) Information is based on an Amendment No. 2 to Schedule 13G, filed with the SEC on February 12, 2018 by Boston Partners. Boston Partners may
be deemed to have sole investment power over 8,937,413 shares of our common stock and does not have shared investment power over any shares
of our common stock. Boston Partners may be deemed to have sole voting power over 6,906,946 shares of our common stock and shared voting
power over 16,178 shares of our common stock. The address for Boston Partners is One Beacon Street, 30th Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02108.

(5) Wallace Family Partnership, LP, the record owner of 8,001,626 shares, is a family-owned entity owned by Mr. Wallace and other members of his
family. The general partner of Wallace Family Partnership, LP is Michael Wallace Management, LLC, and Mr. and Mrs. Wallace are the managers
of Michael Wallace Management, LLC. Because of the foregoing relationships, Wallace Family Partnership, LP, Michael Wallace Management,
LLC and Mr. and Mrs. Wallace may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over the 8,001,626 shares of our common stock.
Wallace Family Partnership, LP, Michael Wallace Management, LLC and Mr. and Mrs. Wallace disclaim beneficial ownership of the reported
shares in excess of its, his or her pecuniary interest in the shares. The address for Wallace Family Partnership, LP is 508 W. Wall Street, Suite
1200, Midland, Texas 79701.

(6) Of the 589,455 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Grimm, 63,206 shares are held of record by Mr. Grimm (8,095 shares of
which are unvested restricted stock) and 526,249 shares are held of record by a family partnership titled the Grimm Family Limited Partnership, of
which Mr. Grimm is a manager of the general partner. Mr. Grimm therefore may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over
526,249 shares, sole voting power over 63,206 shares and sole investment power over 55,111 shares. Mr. Grimm disclaims beneficial ownership
of the 526,249 shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(7) Of the 438,615 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Gray, (i) 413,559 shares are held by Mr. Gray (159,466 shares are unvested
restricted stock), and (ii) 25,056 shares are held of record by S&DG Investments, LLC, of which Mr. Gray is a member. Mr. Gray therefore may
be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over 25,056 shares, sole voting power over 413,559 shares and sole investment power
over 254,093 shares.

(8) Of the 736,303 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. McNeill, (i) 142,756 shares are held by Mr. McNeill (71,076 shares are
unvested restricted stock), (ii) 392,647 shares are held of record by McFam, LP, of which Mr. McNeill is manager of the general partner, (iii)
180,000 shares are held of record by an irrevocable trust for the benefit of Mr. McNeill’s children, of which Mr. McNeill is the trustee, (iv) 20,000
shares are held of record by Jasolo, LP, of which Mr. McNeill is a manager of the general partner and (v) 900 shares are held by Mr. McNeill as
custodian for minor children under the Uniform Transfer to Minors Act. As a result, Mr. McNeill has sole voting power over 736,303 shares and
sole investment power over 665,227 shares. Mr. McNeill disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by him as custodian except to the
extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(9) Of the 32,116 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Huseman, 5,343 shares are unvested restricted stock. As a result,
Mr. Huseman has sole voting power over 32,116 shares and sole investment power over 26,773 shares.

(10) Of the 30,781 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Armes, 26,281 shares are held of record by Mr. Armes (5,343 shares are
unvested restricted stock) and 4,500 shares are held of record by a family limited partnership, of which Mr. Armes owns 50% of the general
partner. Mr. Armes therefore may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over 4,500 shares, sole voting power over 26,281 shares
and sole investment power over 20,938 shares. Mr. Armes disclaims beneficial ownership of the 4,500 shares held of record by the family limited
partnership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

 
-192-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 204/219

Table of Contents

(11) Of the 32,781 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Ramsey, 5,343 shares are unvested restricted stock. As a result, Mr. Ramsey
has sole voting power over 32,781 shares and sole investment power over 27,438 shares.

(12) Of the 10,278,468 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Wallace, (i) 27,781 shares are held of record by Mr. Wallace (5,343
shares of which are unvested restricted stock), (ii) 82,109 shares are held of record by Mr. Wallace’s wife, (iii) 8,001,626 shares are held of record
by Wallace Family Partnership, LP (see footnote 5 above), (iv) 2,166,152 shares are held of record by Collins & Wallace Holdings, LLC, (v) 500
shares are held by Mr. Wallace as custodian for a minor child under the Uniform Transfer to Minors Act, and (vi) 300 shares are held by a member
of Mr. Wallace’s immediate family sharing the same household. Wallace Family Partnership, LP is a member of Collins & Wallace Holdings,
LLC, Michael Wallace Management, LLC is the general partner of Wallace Family Partnership, LP, and Mr. Wallace is a manager of Michael
Wallace Management, LLC. As a result, Mr. Wallace has sole voting power over 28,281 shares and sole investment power over 22,938 shares.
Mr. Wallace may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over 10,250,187 shares. Mr. Wallace disclaims beneficial ownership of
the reported shares except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein. The address for Mr. Wallace is 508 W. Wall Street, Suite 1200, Midland,
Texas 79701.

(13) Of the 507,187 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Arrott, 132,887 shares are held of record by Mr. Arrott (65,806 shares of
which are unvested restricted stock) and 374,300 are held of record by a family partnership titled Arrott Family Holdings, L.P., of which
Mr. Arrott is a general partner. Mr. Arrott therefore may be deemed to have shared voting and investment power over 374,300 shares, sole voting
power over 132,887 shares and sole investment power over 67,081 shares. Mr. Arrott disclaims beneficial ownership of the 374,300 shares held of
record by the family limited partnership except to the extent of his pecuniary interest therein.

(14) Of the 405,623 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Huck, 56,823 shares are unvested restricted stock. As a result, Mr. Huck
has sole voting power over 405,623 shares and sole investment power over 348,800 shares.

(15) Of the 72,750 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Mutrie, 44,811 shares are unvested restricted stock. As a result, Mr. Mutrie
has sole voting power over 72,750 shares and sole investment power over 27,939 shares.

(16) Of the 271,606 shares of our common stock beneficially owned by Mr. Daugbjerg, 49,804 shares are unvested restricted stock. As a result,
Mr. Daugbjerg has sole voting power over 271,606 shares and sole investment power over 221,802 shares.

 
-193-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 205/219

Table of Contents

VALIDITY OF COMMON STOCK

The validity of the shares of Concho common stock offered hereby will be passed upon for Concho by Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher LLP.
 

-194-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 206/219

Table of Contents

TAX OPINIONS

Certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the transaction will be passed upon for RSP by Vinson & Elkins LLP.

Certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the transaction will be passed upon for Concho by Sullivan & Cromwell LLP.
 

-195-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 207/219

Table of Contents

EXPERTS

Concho Resources Inc.

The audited financial statements and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of Concho
Resources Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated by reference in
reliance upon the reports of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and
auditing.

Certain estimates of Concho’s oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows related to Concho’s properties as of December 31,
2017 incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement were based upon reserve reports
prepared by independent petroleum engineers, Cawley, Gillespie & Associates, Inc. and Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. Concho has included
these estimates in reliance on the authority of such firms as experts in such matters.

RSP Permian, Inc.

The audited financial statements and management’s assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of RSP Permian,
Inc. incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated by reference in reliance upon the
reports of Grant Thornton LLP, independent registered public accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

The statements of revenues and direct operating expenses of the Concho Properties Working Interest for the years ended December 31, 2015 and
2014, incorporated by reference in this prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement have been so incorporated by reference in reliance upon
the report of Grant Thornton LLP, independent certified public accountants, upon the authority of said firm as experts in accounting and auditing.

Certain estimates of RSP’s oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows related to RSP’s properties as of December 31, 2017
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement were audited by independent petroleum
engineers Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. RSP has included these estimates in reliance on the authority of such firm as an expert in such matters.

The consolidated financial statements of Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC as of and for the years ended December 31, 2015 and 2014,
incorporated by reference in this prospectus from the Current Report on Form 8-K of RSP Permian, Inc. dated October 13, 2016, have been audited by
Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report (which report expresses an unmodified opinion and includes an emphasis-of-
matter paragraph relating to liquidity considerations in Note 9), which is incorporated by reference herein, and are incorporated by reference in reliance
upon the report of such firm given upon their authority as experts in accounting and auditing.

The financial statements of Silver Hill E&P II, LLC as of December 31, 2016 and for the period from February 18, 2016 (inception) to December
31, 2016, incorporated by reference in this prospectus from the Current Report on Form 8-K/A of RSP Permian, Inc. dated May 9, 2017, have been
audited by Deloitte & Touche LLP, independent auditors, as stated in their report (which report expresses an unmodified opinion and includes an
emphasis-of-matter paragraph relating to the completion of an acquisition of oil and gas properties in Note 2 and the sale of Silver Hill E&P II, LLC in
Note 1), which is incorporated by reference herein, and are incorporated by reference in reliance upon the report of such firm given upon their authority
as experts in accounting and auditing.

Estimates of the oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows related to the properties of Silver Hill Energy Partners, LLC
incorporated by reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and
 

-196-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 208/219

Table of Contents

elsewhere in the registration statement were audited by independent petroleum engineers, Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. RSP has included these
estimates in reliance on the authority of such firm as an expert in such matters.

Estimates of the oil and natural gas reserves and related future net cash flows related to the properties of Silver Hill E&P II, LLC incorporated by
reference in this joint proxy statement/prospectus and elsewhere in the registration statement were audited by independent petroleum engineers,
Netherland, Sewell & Associates, Inc. RSP has included these estimates in reliance on the authority of such firm as an expert in such matters.
 

-197-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 209/219

Table of Contents

HOUSEHOLDING OF PROXY MATERIALS

Concho

Concho has not elected to institute householding.

RSP

To reduce the expense of delivering duplicate proxy materials to stockholders who may have more than one account holding RSP stock but who
share the same address, RSP has adopted a procedure approved by the SEC called “householding.” Under this procedure, certain stockholders of record
who have the same address and last name will receive only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus until such time as one or more of these
stockholders notifies RSP that they want to receive separate copies. In addition, the broker, bank or other nominee for any stockholder who is a
beneficial owner of RSP stock may deliver only one copy of this joint proxy statement/prospectus to multiple stockholders who share the same address,
unless that broker, bank or other nominee has received contrary instructions from one or more of the RSP stockholders. This procedure reduces
duplicate mailings and saves printing costs and postage fees, as well as natural resources. Stockholders who participate in householding will continue to
have access to and utilize separate proxy voting instructions.

If, now or in the future, you no longer wish to participate in householding and would prefer to receive a separate joint proxy statement/prospectus
or other proxy materials, notify RSP by calling RSP’s Investor Relations Department at (214) 252-2700 or by sending a written request to RSP’s Vice
President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the applicable address listed on page 14 and RSP will promptly deliver a separate copy of these
materials. Record owners who are receiving multiple copies and wish to receive only one call RSP’s Investor Relations Department at the number listed
above or send a written request to RSP’s Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at the applicable address listed on page 14.
 

-198-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 210/219

Table of Contents

FUTURE STOCKHOLDER PROPOSALS

Concho Stockholder Proposals

Concho will hold an annual meeting of stockholders in 2018 (which we refer to as the “Concho 2018 annual meeting”) regardless of whether the
merger has been completed.

Any stockholder proposals intended to be presented at the Concho 2018 annual meeting and considered for inclusion in Concho’s proxy materials
must have been received by Concho’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary no later than December 5, 2017. Such proposals
must have been sent to: Concho Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Concho Resources Inc., One Concho Center, 600 West
Illinois Avenue, Midland, Texas 79701. Such proposals also needed to comply with the SEC’s rules and regulations, namely Rule 14a-8 under the
Exchange Act, regarding the inclusion of stockholder proposals in Concho-sponsored proxy materials.

In order for a Concho stockholder proposal to be raised from the floor during the Concho 2018 annual meeting instead of being submitted for
inclusion in Concho’s proxy statement, the stockholder’s written notice or nomination must have been received by Concho’s Senior Vice President,
General Counsel and Corporate Secretary no earlier than December 5, 2017 and no later than January 4, 2018, and must have contained the information
required by the Concho bylaws.

You may contact Concho’s Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary at Concho’s headquarters, One Concho Center, 600
West Illinois Avenue, Midland, Texas 79701, for a copy of the relevant provisions of the Concho bylaws regarding the requirements for making
stockholder proposals and nominating director candidates. You can also visit Concho’s website and download a copy of the Concho bylaws.

RSP Stockholder Proposals

If the merger agreement is not adopted by the requisite vote of the RSP stockholders or if the merger is not completed for any reason, RSP intends
to hold an annual meeting of its stockholders in 2018 (which we refer to as the “RSP 2018 annual meeting”). Pursuant to the terms of the merger
agreement, the RSP 2018 annual meeting has been duly postponed by the RSP board pending the outcome of the merger.

Stockholder proposals submitted for inclusion in RSP’s proxy statement and proxy card for the RSP 2018 annual meeting pursuant to Rule 14a-8
under the Exchange Act would have to have been received by RSP’s corporate secretary no later than December 29, 2017 if the RSP 2018 annual
meeting were to be held within 30 days of May 25, 2018. In the event that RSP were to determine to hold the RSP 2018 annual meeting more than 30
days before or after May 25, 2018, such stockholder proposals would have to be received by RSP a reasonable time before RSP begins to print and send
its proxy materials for the RSP 2018 annual meeting.

If the RSP 2018 annual meeting occurs, pursuant to the RSP bylaws RSP stockholders of record may present proposals that are proper subjects for
consideration at an annual meeting and/or nominate persons to serve on the RSP board at an annual meeting or special meeting of RSP stockholders at
which directors are to be elected. The RSP bylaws require all stockholders who intend to make such proposals or nominations at an annual stockholders’
meeting or special stockholders’ meeting to provide a written notice, including the information specified in the RSP bylaws, to RSP’s corporate
secretary at RSP’s principal executive offices located at 3141 Hood Street, Suite 500, Dallas, TX 75219, not earlier than the close of business on the
120th day and not later than the 90th day prior to the first anniversary of the preceding year’s annual meeting of RSP stockholders. To be eligible for
consideration at the RSP 2018 annual meeting, notices must have been received by RSP between January 25, 2018 and February 24, 2018. In the event
that the RSP 2018 annual meeting is scheduled to be held on or after July 25, 2018, such stockholder notice to be timely must be so delivered not earlier
than the close of business on the 120th day prior to the date of such annual meeting and not later than the close of business on the
 

-199-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 211/219

Table of Contents

later of the 90th day prior to such annual meeting or, if the first public announcement of the date of such annual meeting is less than 100 days prior to the
date of such annual meeting, the 10th day following the day on which public announcement of the date of such meeting is first made by RSP.
 

-200-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 212/219

Table of Contents

WHERE YOU CAN FIND MORE INFORMATION

Both Concho and RSP file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other business and financial information with the SEC. You
may read and copy any materials that either Concho or RSP files with the SEC at the SEC’s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington,
D.C. 20549. Please call the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330 (1-800-732-0330) for further information on the Public Reference Room. In addition, Concho and
RSP file reports and other business and financial information with the SEC electronically, and the SEC maintains a website located at
http://www.sec.gov containing this information. You will also be able to obtain many of these documents, free of charge, from Concho at
http://www.concho.com under the “Investors” link and then under the heading “Financial Reports” or from RSP by accessing RSP’s website at
http://www.rsppermian.com under the “Investor Relations” link and then the “SEC Filings” link.

Concho has filed a registration statement on Form S-4 of which this document forms a part. As permitted by SEC rules, this document does not
contain all of the information included in the registration statement or in the exhibits or schedules to the registration statement. Statements contained in
this document as to the contents of any contract or other documents referred to in this document are not necessarily complete. In each case, you should
refer to the copy of the applicable contract or other document filed as an exhibit to or incorporated by reference into the registration statement. These
documents contain important information about the companies and their financial condition.

The SEC allows Concho and RSP to incorporate certain information into this document by reference to other information that has been filed with
the SEC. The information incorporated by reference is deemed to be part of this document, except for any information that is superseded by information
in this document or by more recent information incorporated by reference into this document. The documents that are incorporated by reference contain
important information about the companies, and you should read this document together with any other documents incorporated by reference in this
document.

This document incorporates by reference the following documents that have previously been filed with the SEC by Concho:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (filed with the SEC on February 21, 2018);
 

 •  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 (filed with the SEC on May 2, 2018);
 

 
•  Definitive Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders on May 17, 2018 (filed with the SEC on April 5,

2018);
 

 
•  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2018, March 28, 2018, April 30, 2018 and May 18, 2018 (in each case

excluding any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01);
 

 
•  Any description of shares of Concho common stock contained in a registration statement filed pursuant to the Exchange Act and any

amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description;
 

 
•  Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Concho, dated August 3, 2007 (filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to Concho’s Current Report on

Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 8, 2007); and
 

 
•  Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of Concho, dated January 2, 2018 (filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to Concho’s Current Report on

Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 4, 2018).
 

-201-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 213/219

Table of Contents

This document also incorporates by reference the following documents that have previously been filed with the SEC by RSP:
 

 •  Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (filed with the SEC on February 27, 2018);
 

 •  Amendment No. 1 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017 (filed with the SEC on April 30, 2018);
 

 •  Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2018 (filed with the SEC on May 2, 2018);
 

 
•  Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 13, 2016, January 29, 2018, February 20, 2018, March 28, 2018, April 30,

2018, May 2, 2018, May 21, 2018 and May 23, 2018 (in each case excluding any information furnished pursuant to Item 2.02 or Item 7.01);
 

 •  Current Reports on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on December 12, 2016 and May 9, 2017;
 

 
•  Any description of shares of RSP common stock contained in a registration statement filed pursuant to the Exchange Act and any

amendment or report filed for the purpose of updating such description;
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of RSP, dated January 23, 2014 (filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to RSP’s Current

Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 29, 2014); and
 

 
•  Amended and Restated Bylaws of RSP, dated January 23, 2014 (filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to RSP’s Current Report on Form 8-K

filed with the SEC on January 29, 2014).

In addition, Concho and RSP are incorporating by reference (i) any documents they may file under Section 13(a), 13(c), 14 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act on or after the date of the initial registration statement on Form S-4 filed by Concho on April 20, 2018, and prior to the effectiveness of
the registration statement of which this joint proxy statement/prospectus forms a part, and (ii) any documents they may file under Section 13(a), 13(c),
14 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act on or after the date of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and prior to the date of the respective special meetings of
the Concho stockholders and the RSP stockholders, provided, however, that Concho and RSP are not incorporating by reference any information
furnished (but not filed), except as otherwise specified herein.

You may request copies of this joint proxy statement/prospectus and any of the documents incorporated by reference herein or certain other
information concerning Concho or RSP, without charge, upon written or oral request to the applicable company’s principal executive offices. The
respective addresses and phone numbers of such principal executive offices are listed below.
 

For Concho Stockholders:   For RSP Stockholders:

Concho Resources Inc.
One Concho Center

600 West Illinois Avenue
Midland, Texas 79701

Attention: Investor Relations
(432) 685-2533

mhays@concho.com   

RSP Permian, Inc.
3141 Hood Street, Suite 500

Dallas, Texas 75219
Attention: Investor Relations

(214) 252-2700
IR@rsppermian.com

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before the Concho special meeting, Concho stockholders must request the information no
later than July 10, 2018 (which is five business days before the date of the Concho special meeting).

To obtain timely delivery of these documents before the RSP special meeting, RSP stockholders must request the information no later
than July 10, 2018 (which is five business days before the date of the RSP special meeting).
 

-202-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 214/219

Table of Contents

Neither Concho nor RSP has authorized anyone to give any information or make any representation about the merger or its companies
that is different from, or in addition to, that contained in this document or in any of the materials that have been incorporated into this
document. Therefore, if anyone does give you information of this sort, you should not rely on it. If you are in a jurisdiction where offers to
exchange or sell, or solicitations of offers to exchange or purchase, the securities offered by this document or the solicitation of proxies is
unlawful, or if you are a person to whom it is unlawful to direct these types of activities, then the offer presented in this document does not
extend to you. The information contained in this document speaks only as of the date of this document unless the information specifically
indicates that another date applies.
 

-203-



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 215/219

Table of Contents

Annex A

AGREEMENT AND PLAN OF MERGER

among

CONCHO RESOURCES INC.,

GREEN MERGER SUB INC.

and

RSP PERMIAN, INC.

Dated as of March 27, 2018



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 216/219

Table of Contents

TABLE OF CONTENTS
 
     Page  

ARTICLE I  
CERTAIN DEFINITIONS  

1.1  Certain Definitions    A-2 
1.2  Terms Defined Elsewhere    A-2 

ARTICLE II  
THE MERGER  

2.1  The Merger    A-4 
2.2  Closing    A-4 
2.3  Effect of the Merger    A-4 
2.4  Certificate of Incorporation of the Surviving Corporation    A-4 
2.5  Bylaws of the Surviving Corporation    A-5 
2.6  Directors and Officers of the Surviving Corporation    A-5 
2.7  Directors of Parent    A-5 

ARTICLE III  
EFFECT OF THE MERGER ON THE CAPITAL STOCK OF THE COMPANY AND MERGER SUB; EXCHANGE  

3.1  Effect of the Merger on Capital Stock    A-5 
3.2  Treatment of Equity Compensation Awards    A-6 
3.3  Payment for Securities; Exchange    A-7 
3.4  No Dissenters’ Rights    A-10 

ARTICLE IV  
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE COMPANY  

4.1  Organization, Standing and Power    A-10 
4.2  Capital Structure    A-11 
4.3  Authority; No Violations; Consents and Approvals    A-11 
4.4  Consents    A-12 
4.5  SEC Documents; Financial Statements    A-12 
4.6  Absence of Certain Changes or Events    A-13 
4.7  No Undisclosed Material Liabilities    A-13 
4.8  Information Supplied    A-14 
4.9  Company Permits; Compliance with Applicable Law    A-14 
4.10  Compensation; Benefits    A-14 
4.11  Labor Matters    A-15 
4.12  Taxes    A-16 
4.13  Litigation    A-17 
4.14  Intellectual Property    A-18 
4.15  Real Property    A-18 
4.16  Rights-of-Way    A-18 
4.17  Oil and Gas Matters    A-19 
4.18  Environmental Matters    A-20 
4.19  Material Contracts    A-21 
4.20  Derivative Transactions    A-22 
4.21  Insurance    A-23 
4.22  Opinion of Financial Advisor    A-23 
4.23  Brokers    A-23 
 

A-i



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 217/219

Table of Contents

4.24  
Related Party Transactions

   
A-
23 

4.25  
Regulatory Matters

   
A-
24 

4.26  
Takeover Laws

   
A-
24 

4.27  
No Additional Representations

   
A-
24 

ARTICLE V  
REPRESENTATION AND WARRANTIES OF PARENT AND MERGER SUB  

5.1
 Organization, Standing and Power    

A-
25 

5.2  
Capital Structure

   
A-
25 

5.3  
Authority; No Violations; Consents and Approvals

   
A-
26 

5.4  
Consents

   
A-
27 

5.5  
SEC Documents; Financial Statements

   
A-
27 

5.6  
Absence of Certain Changes or Events

   
A-
27 

5.7  
Information Supplied

   
A-
28 

5.8  
No Undisclosed Material Liabilities

   
A-
28 

5.9  
Parent Permits; Compliance with Applicable Law

   
A-
28 

5.10  
Compensation; Benefits

   
A-
28 

5.11  
Labor Matters

   
A-
29 

5.12  
Taxes

   
A-
30 

5.13  
Litigation

   
A-
31 

5.14  
Intellectual Property

   
A-
31 

5.15  
Real Property

   
A-
32 

5.16  
Rights-of-Way

   
A-
32 

5.17  
Oil and Gas Matters

   
A-
32 

5.18  
Environmental Matters

   
A-
34 

5.19  
Material Contracts

   
A-
34 

5.20  
Derivative Transactions

   
A-
36 

5.21  
Insurance

   
A-
36 

5.22  
Opinion of Financial Advisor

   
A-
36 

5.23  
Brokers

   
A-
36 

5.24  
Ownership of Company Common Stock

   
A-
36 

5.25  
Business Conduct

   
A-
36 

5.26  
Regulatory Matters

   
A-
37 

5.27  No Additional Representations   A-37 



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 218/219

ARTICLE VI  
COVENANTS AND AGREEMENTS  

6.1
 Conduct of Company Business Pending the Merger    

A-
37 

6.2  
Conduct of Parent Business Pending the Merger

   
A-
40 

6.3  
No Solicitation by the Company

   
A-
42 

6.4  
No Solicitation by Parent

   
A-
46 

6.5  
Preparation of Joint Proxy Statement and Registration Statement

   
A-
48 

6.6  
Stockholders Meetings

   
A-
49 

6.7  
Access to Information

   
A-
51 

6.8  
HSR and Other Approvals

   
A-
52 

6.9  
Employee Matters

   
A-
54 

6.10  
Indemnification; Directors’ and Officers’ Insurance

   
A-
55 

6.11  
Transaction Litigation

   
A-
57 

6.12  
Public Announcements

   
A-
57 

6.13  
Advice of Certain Matters; Control of Business

   
A-
57 

6.14  
Transfer Taxes

   
A-
57 

6.15  
Reasonable Best Efforts; Notification

   
A-
58 

 
A-ii



10/1/2019 DEFM14A

https://www.sec.gov/Archives/edgar/data/1588216/000119312518186002/d560965ddefm14a.htm 219/219

Table of Contents

6.16  
Section 16 Matters

   
A-
58 

6.17  
Stock Exchange Listing and Delisting

   
A-
58 

6.18  
Financing Cooperation

   
A-
58 

6.19  
Tax Matters

   
A-
59 

6.20  
Takeover Laws

   
A-
59 

6.21  
Obligations of Merger Sub

   
A-
60 

6.22  
Company Corporate Offices

   
A-
60 

ARTICLE VII  
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT  

7.1
 Conditions to Each Party’s Obligation to Consummate the Merger    

A-
60 

7.2  
Additional Conditions to Obligations of Parent and Merger Sub

   
A-
60 

7.3  
Additional Conditions to Obligations of the Company

   
A-
61 

7.4  
Frustration of Closing Conditions

   
A-
62 

ARTICLE VIII  
TERMINATION  

8.1
 Termination    

A-
62 

8.2  
Notice of Termination; Effect of Termination

   
A-
63 

8.3  
Expenses and Other Payments

   
A-
63 

ARTICLE IX  
GENERAL PROVISIONS  

9.1
 Schedule Definitions    

A-
66 

9.2  
Survival

   
A-
66 

9.3  
Notices

   
A-
66 

9.4  
Rules of Construction

   
A-
67 

9.5  
Counterparts

   
A-
68 

9.6  
Entire Agreement; No Third Party Beneficiaries

   
A-
68 

9.7  
Governing Law; Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial

   
A-
69 

9.8  
Severability

   
A-
70 

9.9  
Assignment

   
A-
70 

9.10  
Affiliate Liability

   
A-
70 


